5 Tennis Legends Who Never Won Roland Garros
Top 5 tennis legends who achieved great highs in their career but failed to seize the Roland Garros title in singles.
Aditya Jha ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 16:45 IST 229 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The French Open is the only major grand slam in Tennis to be played on the clay court. Those who follow the sport of tennis and know about its history will agree to the fact that clay court is probably one of the trickiest courts in the sport of tennis, for it has seen many greats go down fighting on it while achieving heights of glory on other courts.
French Open is a tennis grand slam played every year from the last week of May to the second week of June in Paris, France. It hosts both male and female championships, along with doubles (men, women & mixed). This year, the Roland Garros (the other name for French Open) has already begun and the excitement is reaching new levels.
At this point of time, we felt that it's probably apt that we go down memory lane and look at 5 of the tennis legends that failed to seize the French Cup and were therefore deprived of a career all-slam.
#5 John McEnroe
John McEnroe
There's very little in the world of tennis that John McEnroe hasn't achieved and sadly, the French Cup is one of them. McEnroe is widely regarded as one of the finest to have ever set foot on the tennis court, be it his playing style, which included a terrific serve and volley, a sheer brilliant net game and of course, the temperament.
McEnroe came closest to the title against Evan Lendl in 1984 Finals, where he was 2 sets up and yet lost the final having been exhausted by the energy he devoted in the first 2 sets. Lendl breezed through the last 3 sets, making it McEnroe's closest ever coming to lifting the French crown.
While it's arguable whether his temperament was sporting, it is no doubt agreeable that his passion was visible through his antics. McEnroe has often regretted having never won the cup to add to his illustrious grand slam tally of 7. We can only say to the legend that we still admire him and are delighted to have seen him play.
It just seems that the clay court isn't very favourable to tennis greats.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the British men arrested in Cambodia over a 'sex position game' has made a grovelling apology, telling prison officers they had made "one mistake".
Video footage from inside the jail showed five men nodding as they were asked if they wanted to return to the UK.
The Brits, who have been forced to shave their heads while in prison, have chosen to remain locked up in the hope that it will accelerate their case through the court system and they will be allowed to come home.
In the clip, Dan Jones appears to apologise to the guards in the prison, telling them: "I have no problem with Cambodia."
He then bows his head and apologises, telling them he made "one mistake", although it is not clear if they are referring to the charges against them.
(Image: Global News)
(Image: Global News)
Dan then says the words: "I am sorry."
They are among eight men and two women being held in Siem Reap Prison awaiting trial on indecency charges.
The group is accused of playing a Twister-style 'sex position game' after police released images of the clothed tourists appearing to pretend to perform different sexual positions on the floor of the villa during a party.
But they all deny being at the party pictured, with supporters saying the images could have been taken years ago.
The villa was a stop on a pub crawl, Cambodian police said.
(Image: Global News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Britons Vincent Harley Robert Hook, 35, Daniel Richard Leeming Jones, 30, Thomas Alexander Jeffries, 22, Billy Stevens, 21, and Paul Francis Harris, 32 are among those arrested.
If convicted, the five - who deny any wrongdoing - could face a year in jail.
Also detained were Dutchman Job Robertus van der Wel, 22, Canadians Jessica Drolet, 25, and Eden Koazoleas, 19, along with Norwegian David Nikolaus Aleksandr Ballovarre, 22, and 32-year-old New Zealander Paul Martin Brasch.
All 10 were charged on Sunday with producing pornographic pictures.
Video footage has emerged from a notorious Let's Get Wet party in Cambodia - just days after five Brits were charged with producing pornographic pictures at one of the wild bashes.
(Image: Cambodia Police)
(Image: AFP)
They were held along with five other tourists after images emerged of people apparently demonstrating different sex positions.
In this video clip, filmed at a similar party, women are shown flashing their breasts and twerking for the camera.
The footage, taken in February last year, also shows revellers drinking heavily and lining up countless shots of alcohol on a bar.
There is no suggestion anyone in the clip is doing anything illegal.
(Image: Cambodia Police)
A member of the group told the Press Association from their cell on Saturday night that none of those arrested were actually in the photographs.
"Honestly, it was really confusing. Everyone was confused. They raided, rounded us up, there was about 80 to 100 people at this party, some of them were tourists. There were about 30 of them (police officers)," he said.
The prisoner said the group believed the investigation was targeting tourists and expats in the south-east Asian country for wearing bikinis in public - and in relation to expat-run pub crawls in Siem Reap.
The mother of one of the 10 prisoners said they were told to sign court documents in the Khmer language without the help of a translator.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: AFP)
She said she had lost contact with her son by Sunday afternoon and was trying to liaise with the parents of others in the group for further news.
She told the Press Association: "They are scared out of their brains. They just did what they were told in the hope they (Khmer authorities) would say 'oh, well we'll get you all to sign these papers and nothing will happen'.
"They've signed these papers not knowing what they are."
(Image: Cambodia Police)
She said her son told of an arrested woman being pressured by Khmer authorities to confess she was pictured in a photo, which he described as depicting a young woman bending over and exposing her breast, but she repeatedly denied the photo was of her.
"I'm getting to the stage where I'm just laughing about it... I'm just so damn tired. I haven't slept since this all started. I'm worried about their state of mind," said the mother.
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office said in a statement: "We are assisting five British men arrested in Cambodia and are providing support to their families."
SK chats to UFC 226 headliners Stipe Miocic & Daniel Cormier
Harry Kettle FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Exclusive 19 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:00 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Credit: CBS Sports
International Fight Week is upon us and with that comes one of the most stacked cards of the year - UFC 226. It'll go down this Saturday night in Las Vegas, Nevada and it'll feature some of the biggest and baddest names on the UFC roster today. We here at Sportskeeda were lucky enough to be on the media conference call for the event, getting the chance to speak with the two fighters scheduled to battle it out for the Heavyweight Championship: Stipe Miocic and Daniel Cormier. A big thanks to the UFC for the following transcription.
SK: DC as we know you're a big professional wrestling fan. In the last fight in the fans eyes it was almost like that you completed your turn from heel to babyface with the fans chanting your name throughout the fight. Are you expecting another positive crowd next weekend? And in this stage of your career how much does that matter to you?
Daniel Cormier: It doesn't matter much. I mean I don't know. Stipe is a very likable guy. I think the fans choose who's the lesser of two evils and most of the time I'm probably the most evil guy so I get booed. It's okay. At this point, it doesn't matter. I've heard both sides of it and generally speaking I can usually turn fans. Because usually the smaller guy but I'm also usually the guy that presses forward and bring in the fight. It doesn't really matter to me at this point.
SK: With this fight being five and a half months in advance does that change the way you approach camp? Does it change the way you generally prepare for the fight?
Daniel Cormier: Yes. I didn't go to training camp right away while I was at The Ultimate Fighter I worked out some. I went to the UFC PI while I was in Vegas to do some stretching conditioning. I took my time. I started camp at 12 weeks like I'd normally start camp. I just didn't have to do a nutritionist. My nutritionist came at a month this time instead of seven weeks. That's the only difference. I still carry the same workload, just without as much stress on my body.
SK: Stipe first of all, in the wake of your fight at UFC 220 in Boston when you got the victory did you anticipate it'd take such little time for your next fight to be booked? The amount of time between your victory over in Ngannou and the fight with Cormier being booked was very short. Did you enjoy the fact that it was really quickly had another fight hit the pipeline?
Stipe Miocic: No I didn't worry about it. They asked about it before and I told them don't talk to me until after my fight. After the fight, I and DC talked a little bit and made sure it was right for both of us and here we are today.
SK: And finally we have seen that you have been getting behind Croatia during the World Cup. If they win their round of 16 games against Denmark then the quarterfinal game will actually be on the same night as UFC 226. Are you going to find the time and find a way in the hours before the fight to watch it if they get there?
Stipe Miocic: Yes of course. They're going to win. Of course. It's during the day so I'll be all right.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Takeaways can cost up to 67% more than dining out as Brits are hammered by a more expensive menu when using Deliveroo, it has been revealed.
Some restaurants are clawing back the commission they pay to the delivery service by having two sets of prices for eating in and takeaways.
According to an investigation by The Times, big brands like posh burger chain Byron, fast food outlet Leon and barbecue specialist Bodean's are marking up dishes for delivery to cover the 25% commission they pay Deliveroo.
For example a signature 6oz Byron burger costs £9.50 in the restaurant but £10.50 when using Deliveroo . A Clucky chicken breast is £10.50 to eat in but £11.50 for a takeaway.
And with a standard £2.50 delivery fee, a family of four ordering a Byron takeaway using Deliveroo can fork out £10.50 more than it would cost them to tuck into a simple burger, fries and salad at the restaurant, The Times said.
(Photo: Getty)
Those asking for a chocolate brownie from snack chain Pod can expect to pay £2.50 instead of the usual £1.50 - a mark up of 67%, the research found.
Now consumer groups are calling on restaurants and delivery services to come clean about the hidden charges.
Guy Anker of website MoneySavingExpert said: “Delivery firms that hide the extra charges - often by raising the menu cost compared to going direct - are simply being sneaky.”
But Deliveroo - which was launched in the UK in 2013 - hit back and said 98% of the restaurants signed up to its service did not have dual pricing.
A spokesperson said: “We urge restaurants not to charge more to those eating at home than to those eating in the restaurant.
“Because we want to ensure customers get the best deal, we make sure that with the 2% of restaurants who do charge more, that information is available to customers on the menu page. Customers can then choose whether to place an order with that particular restaurant or to order from another of our wide selection of restaurant partners.”
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
No-one from Byron was available for comment but Deliveroo's menu for the chain stated: “All of the menu prices you see on Deliveroo are set by our restaurant partners. Some of the prices in this menu have been set at a higher price than you'll find at the table.”
At Intel, A Retirement Perk That Can Kick Off A New Career As A Paid Fellow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ina Jaffe/NPR Ina Jaffe/NPR
Not everyone who reaches so-called retirement age is ready to retire. But they may be ready for a change. That's one of the reasons that the tech giant Intel pays longtime employees a stipend while they try out new careers at nonprofit organizations.
One of those employees is 61-year-old Gail Dougherty. The former project manager now sits at a desk at the Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center in Oregon, poring over a spreadsheet on her computer. She's crunching patient data with input from doctors and nurses to figure out better ways of delivering care to the health center's high number of patients with diabetes.
"Out of my own non-medical, non-health-care ... head, [I] proposed a workflow that seemed like, from what I was hearing might be the most helpful thing for our patients," Dougherty says.
Those patients are migrant workers and others who have no health insurance or who qualify for Medicaid. Dougherty says the skills from her old job fit in with her new one, even though the two jobs couldn't be more different.
"At Intel, deadlines are king," says Dougherty. "You've got a product, you've got to get it out, either first or by the time you promised. Schedules are king." But at the health center? "Not so much," she says, "because what's primary is the patient care."
Dougherty is what's known as an Encore Fellow. She'll work at the health center part time for about a year and receive a stipend of $25,000. This is part of a nationwide program started by Encore.org that brings retiring corporate workers into mission-driven organizations. [You may have heard sponsorship messages about Encore on NPR and other media outlets.] But Intel is the only company that pays the stipend for its retirees' fellowships as a basic employee benefit. In the past five years, the company has paid for about 1,000 fellowships at a cost of more than $30 million.
"In the scheme of our total labor cost, it's a very small number," says Ogden Reid, Intel's vice president for human resources.
He says it's also a worthwhile expense. "We feel like we're helping our communities," Reid says. "Our retirees give us really positive feedback ... and our workforce that's here see that happening to folks who've had a long career and I think that makes them feel good about the company."
Right now, seven Encore Fellows work at the Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center. Gil Munoz, the center's CEO, says they play a crucial role.
"They bring a certain discipline, a certain rigor, to looking at problems and solving them," Munoz says. "Having these Encore Fellows who could help lead a project can be the key to whether it's successful or not."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ina Jaffe/NPR Ina Jaffe/NPR
That may be why Jinny Meade, 73, is still here. She came to the health center a couple of years ago as an Encore Fellow. Now she's a permanent part-time employee, working as a project consultant.
"I'm sort of the nag that helps them stay on track as much as possible," she says, laughing.
It's rewarding to know that her management skills are serving the mission of the health center, but Meade also derives satisfaction from what she gets back in return.
"It's really exciting to be part of something that's ... bigger than ourselves," she says. "Health care for the underserved is a worthy cause." And in Meade's case, it's also a second career.
DENVER (AP) — Chad Bettis drew a standing ovation when he took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment, then threw seven impressive innings Monday night as the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0.
Bettis scattered six hits, walked none and struck out two. He hadn't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November.
Bettis had surgery for the condition, but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to his lymph nodes. He later underwent chemotherapy.
The crowd at Coors Field gave Bettis a big cheer as he went out to pitch the first inning. The Braves' best chance to score against him came when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple, but he was thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run.
The 28-year-old Bettis led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186) last season. He left for a pinch-hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless.
Colorado scored three times in the eighth off Rex Brothers (2-3), who relieved starter Julio Teheran. The Rockies began the tied with Arizona for the top NL wild-card spot.
Mike Dunn (5-1) got the win and Greg Holland closed for his 35th save. Holland, who had blown his previous two save chances, gave up a single and walk in the ninth before getting the last out.
Teheran allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings.
Charlie Blackmon led off the Colorado eighth with a triple. After an intentional walk, Gerardo Parra singled through the drawn-in infield to put the Rockies ahead.
Carlos Gonzalez's two-run single off Jason Motte gave Colorado some insurance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: OF Matt Kemp (right hamstring strain) did some running and is scheduled to do more Wednesday. He will take Thursday off but could play Friday against Cincinnati.
Rockies: OF/1B Ian Desmond (right calf strain) did some hitting and running on Colorado's recent road trip.
CRISIS AVERTED
The Rockies got a scare Sunday when All-Star 3B Nolan Arenado, who leads the majors with 100 RBIs, left the game in Miami after being hit on the left hand with a pitch. He and the team feared he suffered a broken bone but X-rays showed only a bruise.
“I was a little surprised. I thought I broke it,” Arenado said Monday. “It got super tight right after. Last time I broke my finger, and I've broken bones before, it gets super tight and it usually comes out broken.”
He didn't start but he  in the seventh, fouling out to first.
“I'm good to go. It hurts but I've dealt with worse pain,” he said. “It's not as swollen as we thought it was going to be. It's just pain tolerance.”
BAYLOR TRIBUTE
Before the game, the Rockies honored Don Baylor, the club's first manager, with a video tribute and a moment of silence. Baylor, who managed Colorado in the first six seasons, passed away Aug. 7 at age 68 after a 14-year battle with multiple myeloma. The Rockies hung his jersey in their dugout.
UP NEXT
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (1-7, 4.45) will make his 12th start of the season on Tuesday.
Rockies: LHP Kyle Freeland (11-7, 3.70) will return from a left groin strain to make his first career start against Atlanta on Tuesday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
(WTNH)–A Russian computer hacker known as one of the most notorious criminal spammers is now behind bars in Connecticut. The Hartford Courant reports Peter Levashov was turned over on Friday to FBI detectives in New Haven.
He was arrested in April while vacationing in Spain.
U.S. authorities had asked for him to be detained on charges of fraud and unauthorized interception of electronic communications.
It was not made clear why he is being prosecuted in Connecticut.
The 37-year-old is accused of running a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks.
Authorities say two men were hurt when they crashed an UTV on icy roads.
It happened about 6:33 p.m. on Sunday, Dec. 10 near Galbraith Line and Jordan Road in Speaker Township.
Investigators said a 2016 John Deere UTV driven by a 65-year-old Melvin man was heading east on Galbraith Line Road when the driver tried to make a left turn onto Jordan Road.
According to police, the UTV slid on the snowy and icy roads, causing it to crash into a northeast ditch.
The passenger, a 67-year-old Melvin man, was not wearing a seat belt and was ejected through the windshield, police said.
The driver was taken to Lapeer McLaren Hospital by ambulance. The passenger was taken to McKenzie Hospital in Sandusky by ambulance.
Their conditions are unknown.
The crash is still under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Real Madrid eye move for Manchester City star
Madrid mare on the hunt to sign a replacement for Pepe, who's set to leave the club this summer.
@falsewinger by Sripad Rumours 15 Feb 2017, 20:13 IST
Madrid calling?
What's the story?
Real Madrid are reportedly interested in signing Nicolas Otamendi this summer. The Los Blancos have identified the Manchester City centre-back as a replacement for Pepe.
Otamendi has been playing regularly under Guardiola at Manchester City and has caught the eye of Zidane Zidane. They are on the hunt for an experienced player and have zeroed in on the Argentine.
In case you didn't know...
Pepe's situation at Real Madrid is complicated. The Portuguese defender's contract is expiring at the end of the season and Madrid are reportedly not interested in handing him a new contract.
The former FC Porto man was signed in 2007 and has been a vital part of their Los Blancos starting XI. He's won 2 Champions League titles, and 2 La Liga's in his 10-year spell, but it all seems to be coming to an end this summer.
Reports suggest that he has already agreed a pre-contract with a Chinese Super League side to join them in the summer. Manuel Pellegrini's Hebei China Fortune are said to be the ones who have offered him a €15 million-a-season contract.
Otamendi was a target for Real Madrid in 2015 as well, but Valencia sold him off to Manchester City instead. Los Che Els Taronges were forced to sell him after he refused to train or play for them and to avoid the chances of him joining a rival club, they sold him off to the Citizens.
The heart of the matter
Real Madrid want to sign Otamendi as a backup for Varane and Ramos. They also have the plan of bringing back Jesús Vallejo from his loan at Eintracht Frankfurt.
The centre-back has been in good form for the Citizens this season despite his defensive partners not living up to the mark. Madrid are cruising to the La Liga title, and Pepe has been instrumental in their incredible run.
What's next?
Pepe leaving Madrid is all but inevitable, and thus the La Liga leaders will try and sign a centre-back as soon as possible. The Los Blancos want Varane and Ramos to start and thus they will be opting to sign a player who can play as a back-up.
Manchester City will demand at least £30 million for the Argentine defender, and Madrid will try their best to get the deal for something less than £25 million. The Argentine has had a tough time adjusting to the Premier League, but a move back to Spain would be appealing to him.
Sportskeeda's Take
Otamendi is 29 and a move to Real Madrid would be the best he can get right now. He reportedly wanted to join them in 2015 and looking at how his performance is dipping match-by-match, this would most probably be his last chance to move to Bernabeu.
Negotiating with North Korean supreme leader Kim Jong-un presents a moral hazard. Photo: AFP
The most depressing aspect of the current North Korean crisis is that even if Donald Trump wins, he loses.
Despite doubling down on his rhetoric of “fire and fury” and deriding his predecessors for failed negotiations, Trump looks like he wants to eventually strike a deal with the nation's tyrant, Kim Jong-un. Just look at what secretary of state Rex Tillerson is doing. Trump threatens war and Tillerson promises no regime change. Remember it was only a few months ago that Trump said he would be honoured to meet with Kim. The president's recent bellicosity aims for deterrence and leverage.
In substance, if not style, this is very similar to how past administrations have approached the hermit state: threaten, cajole and bargain. “This is Obama plus,” Michael Auslin, a Korea expert at the Hoover Institution, told me. “It's the same path of enhanced sanctions with the potential carrot of direct negotiations and trying to reassure our allies. There is not much different here.”
And it's easy to understand why talks are better than war. The prospect of a military confrontation is too horrific. North Korea effectively holds its neighbour to the south as a hostage because of its conventional military capabilities. This says nothing of allies like Japan, or US forces stationed on the peninsula.
And the critics of war are correct. A pre-emptive strike is not worth the risk. But neither is another deal.
There are a few reasons for this. First, the North Koreans don't keep their promises. Nearly every commitment the regime has made to the US, its allies and China, it has violated.
It's no mystery why North Korea continues to negotiate. The nation needs help from the outside to survive. The regime has pursued nuclear weapons as an insurance policy to stay in power, and since the 1990s, US administrations have enticed Pyongyang with fuel shipments, removing sanctions and promises to leave it alone. In exchange, Pyongyang makes empty promises about nuclear weapons. An agreement with North Korea makes America and its allies a partner in the regime's oppression of its own people.
Then there is the tyrant himself. He is in every respect a rogue. It's not just his threats, or his assassination of his relatives. Kim's regime detained an American student, Otto Warmbier, and sent him back to the US this year only when he was in a coma. He died soon after returning home. Negotiating with such a man presents a moral hazard. If Kim gets more inducements to negotiate, what's to stop him from conducting more abductions or assassinations on foreign soil in the future?
All of this is to say that Trump is posturing in pursuit of a deal, and even if he reached one, he would fail to address the cause of the North Korean crisis: the regime itself. There are no easy answers here. Invading North Korea would risk a major war with China, not to mention commit the US to keeping the peace on the peninsula at a time when most Americans are rightly weary of military adventurism. While it would be nice to think our intelligence agencies could foment a coup, this too is more spy fiction than a realistic foreign policy. Central Intelligence Agency director Mike Pompeo has created a new intelligence centre to focus on North Korea, but the US has notoriously had little success in recruiting agents inside the country. But this should not stop the US and its allies from helping to create conditions for the day when Koreans can take their country back. This requires some patience and imagination.
The patient part of the policy should be a combination of sabotage and deterrence. North Korea should understand their provocations bring consequences. Those consequences though should be tailored to target the leaders of North Korea and not its broader economy. This means making it harder for Kim and his henchmen to spend and keep their fortunes. It also means accelerating intelligence operations aimed at gumming up the regime's illicit supply chain for its missiles and nuclear facilities.
The imaginative part is to continue to give North Koreans a glimpse of a better future. Tom Malinowski, who served as President Barack Obama's assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labour, wrote in Politico in June that the US should continue to flood North Korea with information. This may sound strange. But in recent years, the state's ability to control information has waned. More and more Koreans living there have access to portable DVD players and cellphones, which are tools to break the state's control over the minds of their citizens.
To be sure, feeding information into North Korea is not a silver bullet. It's impossible to predict the timing of popular revolutions. But it is possible to predict the outcome: a revolution would prevent a catastrophic war.
“Just as with the Cold War, the only sustainable solution is when the North Korean people will be able to take matters into their own hands,” Malinowski told me. “We can't make that happen. We have to be very careful with the ‘regime change' rhetoric. But we can help to accelerate the process that is already under way, namely the process of raising consciousness inside the country.”
That may sound like a long shot. It is one. But consider the alternative. For nearly 25 years the US and its allies have threatened North Korea, cajoled North Korea and “won” by reaching deals with North Korea. And yet, the regime continues to build nuclear weapons and blackmail the rest of the world. It's time for a change in Washington as well as Pyongyang. Bloomberg View
Eli Lake is a Bloomberg View columnist.
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com
If you're looking for a job, Minnesota may be the place to be.
According to new numbers released by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development, employers are reporting more than 122,900 job vacancies in the second quarter of 2017.
This shows the state labor market is extremely tight as Baby Boomers are retiring and moderate job growth continues. This is a 26 percent growth from the same time a year ago.
Across the state, healthcare and social services accounted for 20 percent of the vacancies. Following those two were accommodation and food services with 17 percent, retail trade with 15 percent, manufacturing with 9 percent, and educational services and construction each had 5 percent of vacancies.
The Dallas Street Choir Makes Historic Carnegie Hall Debut
Enlarge this image toggle caption Colleen Kelley/Courtesy of the Dallas Street Choir Colleen Kelley/Courtesy of the Dallas Street Choir
Three days before the Dallas Street Choir leaves for New York, its traveling members are assembled and listening intently to choir director Jonathan Palant. He makes an announcement about yet one more phase of preparation: haircuts at 12:45 for anybody who wants one.
When you're organizing singers who are homeless for a performance at Carnegie Hall, arrangements have to be particularly thorough. However, a glance around the room at the Dallas Stew Pot — the city's homeless shelter and the choir's rehearsal spot — quickly shows that no one in the Street Choir appears offended. The haircuts are one more piece of evidence that this performance is real, and that they're being taken seriously.
The Dallas Street Choir is a group composed of the city's homeless. Though its lineup has varied over the years, over time it's become a more concrete unit, and 25 of its most dedicated singers — including some with mental illness and addiction issues — have been picked to tour the East Coast.
Its stop Wednesday night in New York is historic: Never before in its 126-year history has Carnegie Hall hosted a musical ensemble solely comprising performers who are homeless. And what's more: Tickets have been donated so hundreds of New York City's homeless, from all five boroughs, can attend.
The sound the Street Choir will bring to the hallowed venue is, Palant freely admits, "scrappy."
"We acknowledge that," the veteran choral director says. "But it's unbridled, passionate — filled with love and joy and uniqueness."
YouTube
The Street Choir's sound is understandably rawer, Palant points out, because "you're teaching the most basic musicianship skills — loud, soft, slow, fast, long, short. You're teaching folks who have a hard time staying awake because they spent the previous night on a heating grate outside."
Deborah Scott is one of the singers who made the travel team. "There are so many professional singers that would kill to be on the stage at Carnegie Hall," she says. "Through the choir, I'm going places that I never would've imagined myself being a year or two years ago. Never. I'm so grateful."
For decades, Scott was a customer service representative for the transit authority in Houston. But after a downsizing, followed by divorce and a move to Dallas that turned out to be a mistake, Scott found herself homeless.
Though she's recently found a room with the help of professionals at the Dallas Stew Pot, she still returns for the Street Choir. Becoming homeless was a blow to Scott's self-esteem, but singing in the Street Choir has given her a reason to get up in the morning.
"We are coming together over our love of singing and our desire to show that there's more to being down and out and homeless than just sitting on the street corners all day," she says.
Scott and the rest of the Street Choir will be joined at Carnegie Hall by some of the brightest stars from Broadway and the opera. These include composer Jake Heggie, who has has arranged music and will accompany the choir on piano. Mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade will join the singers again, after she performed with them in Dallas two years ago.
Heggie, whose opera Moby Dick was next door at the Winspear Opera House, was in attendance that night in Dallas. "[My cast and I] were in the back row listening to this group of people who don't have a voice or face and we were all weeping," he remembers.
The Street Choir's performance reminded the celebrated composer of something he'd started to lose track of in New York City: why he started doing this in the first place.
Sunil bhai and I complement each other well: Jeje
Mumbai, May 30 (PTI) India striker Jeje Lalpekhlua today said he and skipper Sunil Chhetri complement each other well upfront whenever they turn up for the national side.
The Mizo striker, who is enjoying a dream run of form scoring goals on a regular basis at the domestic and the international level, made special mention of his partnership with Chhetri during India's preparatory camp here ahead of the Hero Intercontinental Cup.
"Sunil bhai is most senior amongst us and he leads us by example. But, what I would like to say is that that we work cohesively as a complete unit. We complement each other on the field to get the job done," Lalpekhlua said.
Lalpekhlua, who is three matches short of 50 International caps for India, added that everyone in the team is willing to share the burden and carry the responsibility.
"It's not only me and Sunil-bhai. Balwant (Singh), Alen (Deory), Manvir (Singh) are all ready to give it a shot. We all are confident to shoulder the responsibility and deliver when the situation demands," he said.
India play Chinese Taipei in the tournament opener at the Mumbai Football Arena on Friday.
The 2016 AIFF Player of the Year also said that he has learnt a lot from the ups and downs in his life since his international debut against Chinese Taipei in 2011.
"It has been a long journey for me since 2011. I have learnt so many things. I was going through a rough phase after the knee injury. I was struggling and was hardly getting an opportunity to prove myself," Lalpekhlua said.
"As a striker you need to grab the opportunity and also need the backing of your coach. That helps you to improve as a player and gives you confidence
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
Cricket: India close in on series sweep after Shami strikes
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 12:39 IST
Cricket - Sri Lanka v India - Third Test Match - Pallekele, Sri Lanka - August 14, 2017 - A fan of the Sri Lankan team watches the match. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (Reuters) - Paceman Mohammed Shami struck twice as India closed in on a massive win on day three of the third and final test against Sri Lanka on Monday.
The beleaguered hosts were 82 for four in their second innings at lunch, still trailing by 270 runs after being made to follow on, facing a 3-0 whitewash against the world's top ranked test team.
Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal was unbeaten on 26 while former skipper Angelo Mathews was 17 not out at the break.
After heavy defeats in Galle and Colombo inside four days, Sri Lanka's hopes of avoiding an innings loss rested on a solid start but Ravichandran Ashwin dampened their hopes when he struck in his first over of the day.
The off-spinner sent back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 after Sri Lanka had resumed on 19-1. The left-hander was caught by Ajinkya Rahane at slip after getting a thick edge to a turning delivery.
Nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara was soon caught behind off Shami and the right-arm paceman also dismissed Kusal Mendis for 12 to reduce the hosts to 39-4.
Chandimal and Mathews have added 43 in their unbroken fifth wicket stand and any hopes of a Sri Lankan fightback will rest on the two experienced right-handed batsmen.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Are you ready for National Doughnut Day?
The “holiday” is set for Friday (we can call it a holiday, right?) and we bet you're wondering where you can snag a free or discounted doughnut.
Well, it depends on where in the country you live, as not all these chains have locations everywhere, but it's worth looking up and seeing where your closest free-doughnut options are.
Also, if you have a favorite local store, look it up on social media: it appears many mom-and-pop shops and smaller businesses are running deals and promotions of their own.
For now, let's talk about the big players and what they're offering Friday:
Krispy Kreme: One free doughnut of your choice. No purchase necessary. This is available only at participating shops across the U.S. and Canada.
Dunkin' Donuts: One free classic donut of your choice when you buy any beverage. The offer is good all day at participating Dunkin' locations nationwide.
Tim Hortons: This year, Timmy's isn't offering a freebie, per se. Instead, if you visit one of the chain's five locations in Buffalo, New York; Columbus, Ohio; or Detroit, and you ask for the “Gold Timbits” just after 6 a.m., you could win free doughnuts for a year. There's no purchase necessary. For more details, visit the company's website.
Cumberland Farms: One free doughnut with the purchase of any "dispensed beverage." The deal is valid at participating locations from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Papa John's: A free order of caramel-crème-filled doughnut holes with any online pizza order. Yes, you're reading this correctly: Papa John's as in the pizza chain. And yes, the doughnut holes are new -- for those of you who aren't familiar with the product. They're debuting as a menu item just in time for Friday, and they'll only be available for a limited time.
Graham Media Group 2018
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on the car that drove into the sidewalk outside a pizza restaurant in France (all times local):
10:35 p.m.
France's Interior Ministry says a man who drove his car into a pizzeria was apparently suicidal and the incident is not believed linked to terrorism.
Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said on BFM television that the man was born in 1985 and was believed to have tried to commit suicide last week.
Brandet said a young girl was killed and four people were injured in a condition of “absolute emergency.” He said eight others were slightly injured.
The man was arrested soon after the attack Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts east of Paris.
A police official said the man was psychologically unstable and had no police record. The official says investigators are not searching for accomplices.
— By Angela Charlton
___
10:11 p.m.
French officials say the driver who steered into patrons of a pizza restaurant east of Paris clearly acted intentionally, but they have no reason so far to suspect a terrorist motive.
A judicial official said Monday night that the Paris prosecutor's office, which oversees French terrorism investigations, was not involved in the case because there was no proof of terrorism at this stage.
A security official said there is no evidence of a political or Islamic extremist motive.
But both officials say authorities view the driver's actions as intentional. They were not authorized to be publicly named.
An 8-year-old girl and at least five others were injured in the attack in Sept-Sorts, a town about 65 kilometers (40 miles) east of Paris.
— By Angela Charlton in Paris.
___
10:00 p.m.
French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Kincardine's first Cruise Night of 2018 was a hot one, but it didn't stop hundreds of cars from lining the streets for the public to check it out.
The crowds stretched down Queen Street in the sweltering heat, but a cool breeze off the lake and a bit of shade from the buildings as sunset approached kept spirits high as people enjoyed the start of the Canada Day long weekend.
Classic cars and trucks, as well as a variety of motorcycles were on display from decades past, as well as new models, as car enthusiasts enjoyed the first of three Cruise Nights.
The other two of 2018 take place on the civic long weekend on Aug. 3 and Labour Day weekend Aug. 31 running 6-9 p.m.
New Delhi: Restaurants, hotels, multiplexes etc will have to pay fine or even face jail terms for selling mineral water bottle above maximum retail price (MRP), government has told the Supreme Court.
As per a TV news report, the Ministry of Consumer Affairs in response to a petition filed by the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI) has informed the apex court that the sale of packaged water over MRP may also lead to tax evasion.
Since the hotel purchases the mineral water bottle at a certain price, selling it higher than the MRP could lead to possible loss of additional revenue to the government in the form of service tax or excise duty, government has reportedly told the SC.
It may be recalled that in October last year Food and Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan had said that sale of packaged water and soft drinks above MRP (Maximum Retail Price) -- including at airports, multiplexes and hotels -- would attract stringent penal actions like fines and jail term.
In a series of tweets, he wrote:
एयरपोर्ट, होटल व माल सभी जगह एक रेट में मिलेगी मिनरल वाटर बोतल। — Ram Vilas Paswan (@irvpaswan) March 6, 2017
उपभोक्‍ता मंत्रालय के उपभोक्‍ता फोरम में बोतलबंद पानी की अलग-अलग जगहों पर वसूली जाने वाली कीमतों से जुड़ी शिकायतें बड़े पैमाने पर आ रही हैं। — Ram Vilas Paswan (@irvpaswan) March 6, 2017
शिकायतों से पता चला है कि कंपनियों द्वारा बाकायदा अलग प्रिंट रेट दर्ज किया गया था।इसका कंपनियों से मंत्रालय द्वारा जवाब भी मांगा गया है — Ram Vilas Paswan (@irvpaswan) March 6, 2017
कंपनियों के हेल्‍पलाइन से लिंक होने से वे हेल्‍पलाइन पर आने वाली शिकायतों का खुद ही संज्ञान भी ले रही हैं। — Ram Vilas Paswan (@irvpaswan) March 6, 2017
"Charging above MRP is violation of the law. But we still see at airports, multiplex and hotels, that packaged water is sold at more than the MRP. This needs to be stopped," Paswan had said.
Faith Hill and Tim McGraw are celebrating their 21st wedding anniversary with the announcement of their first collaborative album The Rest of Our Life, which will be released on November 17.
The country music power couple have also shared the album's lead single and title track, which was co-written by Ed Sheeran.
Related: Tim McGraw Sends Faith Hill Sweet Birthday Message
“It made it us a little nervous, to be honest, Hill said. “When you get songs from other artists it kinda makes you a little nervous because…,” “You don't want to ruin it,” McGraw said with a smile.
Turns out there was no need to be nervous.
“This was a no-brainer,” said Hill. “Such a beautiful song,” added McGraw “the melody in it was just incredible.”
“Both Tim and I agreed the first time we heard that song, it reminded me of us, and the feeling that we had the first time that we admitted and decided that we were gonna be married,” Faith revealed.
“There was a comfort and a security about that moment that resonates in this song,” she continued. “It's got such an intimacy to it, I think that's what really attracted us as well,” McGraw added.
In an exclusive behind the scenes look at the video for the new single Hill and McGraw praise director Grant Singer. “He captured the essence of the song in a way that was a little juxtaposed from the actual lyric of the song,” said Faith.
“His vision for it was so unique,” said McGraw. “To take the song and turn it into an argument was really a cool idea.”
It sounds like Tim got the better end of the deal though, he reveals that while he was enjoying a catfish dinner, Faith was filming in the rain. “She had the hard job on this video,” McGraw laughed.
Listen to “The Rest of Our Life” and check out the album's full tracklisting below.
1. The Rest of Our Life
2. Telluride
3. The Bed We Made
4. Cowboy Lullaby
5. Break First
6. Love Me to Lie
7. Sleeping in the Stars
8. Damn Good at Holding On
9. Devil Callin' Me Back
10. Speak to a Girl
11. Roll the Dice
A 12-year-old boy reported missing from the Lawndale neighborhood has been located, Chicago police said Friday morning.Shaquille Harrison went missing Thursday from the 3800-block of West Grenshaw, police said. Friday morning, police said he was located.
Zhao Li, curator of the Insect Museum of West China, said the mosquito, which belongs to the world's largest mosquito species Holorusia mikado, was found in August last year during a field trip to Mount Qingcheng in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province.
First found in Japan and named by British entomologist John Obadiah Westwood in 1876, the Holorusia mikado species normally have a wing span of about eight centimetres.
"These mosquitoes look horrendous, but do not feed on blood. The adults have a life span of only a few days and mainly feed on nectar," he said.
"There are tens of thousands of types of mosquitoes in the world. Barely 100 species feed on blood and may be a problem for humans," he said.
In the western parts of Sichuan, Holorusia mikado, also known as the crane fly, are mainly found in the Chengdu plain and in mountainous areas below 2 200 metres.
"They are weak fliers because of their big bodies. When they fly, it is more like hopping. More often than not, they are found in areas with dense vegetation," he said.
The museum, though privately run, is a national-level museum. It houses over 700 000 specimens, over 70 of which are largest or longest in their species.
Xinhua
Chengdu - A Chinese entomologist has found a giant mosquito with a wing span of 11.15 centimetres.
OWEN SOUND -
A downtown Owen Sound restaurateur who knows first-hand about living in the developing world where people can't afford to feed themselves is planning to expand fundraising dinners he held last year.
Sharif Rahman grew up in Bangladesh, studied economics there, then obtained a masters degree in international development at the University of Glasgow.
He said he didn't go hungry, thanks to his mother's ability to find ways to feed him and his four siblings. His father was employed as a soldier but many people were unable to get jobs, he said in an interview in his restaurant Monday afternoon.
“My neighbours, my friends, my schoolmates -- they always had empty or half-full stomaches.”
So it came naturally to him when he purchased The Curry House restaurant in May 2015 to want to help people like those he knew in his home country. Last year he held two fundraising dinners and raised $1,400 for the Canadian Foodgrains Bank growing project through the Alliance Church.
This year he hopes to expand the project, with dinners in Owen Sound, at a Fergus restaurant where he was first employed upon moving to Canada as a landed immigrant, in Acton where a fellow Bangladeshi and Glasgow university friend opened a restaurant, and possibly in Bangladeshi-run restaurants in Woodstock and London.
He hasn't set a date for the next fundraising dinner. He's thinking of calling it Curry for a Cause. Every $100 raised could feed 100 people for a day in Bangladesh, he said.
Rahman said he'd like to raise money to give people food. “That might not be a sustainable way. There are experts who might not say that putting food on the table (is the best use of the money). But my idea (is provided) enough food, at least enough food for the children.”
He employs six people in downtown Owen Sound. He said the business started slower than expected when people who were supposed to help him run the restaurant didn't come.
In their absence, there were no resources for marketing. He struck on the idea of helping a good cause as a way to introduce himself to the community and do something good for people at the same time. That's how the fundraising dinner came about, he said.
An employee who's a member of Owen Sound's the Alliance Church brought him a pamphlet about the Canadian Foodgrains Project's “Harvest for Hunger” initiative, which he he decided to contribute to by hosting dinners. One was held in early summer and the other in September.
He and his wife, Shayela, volunteered during the dinners and the Rahmans also contributed in a separate donation to the church's fundraising efforts, which raised $31,000 for the Foodgrains Project.
Alliance Church members Heather and Larry Parkin grew soybeans on 12 acres (4.85 hectares) of their land. They sold the crop and donated the proceeds. Other donations paid for the seed and fertilizer.
About 70 per cent of the Canadian Foodgrains Project's work is provision of emergency food aid in places including Syria. The rest of the work involves helping teach farmers better farming methods and about nutrition.
Rahman acknowledged Bangladesh's garment industry sweatshops are notorious for terrible health and safety standards. But the country, with 170 million people in an area the size of Florida, is on the rise.
It used to be Bangladeshis travelled abroad solely to do the cooking, cleaning and perform all the other menial jobs needed in Middle Eastern countries such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. They would then send remittances home to help their families survive.
His is the eldest brother worked as a gas station attendant in the UAE, he said.
Now the educational system in Bangladesh has evolved to produce graduates who can then attend universities abroad, Rahman said.
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say forward Solomon Hill is available to play for the first time this season against the Boston Celtics on Sunday night.
Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry says he intends to play Hill, a former starter, in a reserve role and that his playing time in his initial games back from his hamstring tear will be "obviously very, very limited."
Hill tore his left hamstring last summer. The injury has required surgery in August.
Last season was the 27-year-old Hill's fourth in the NBA and first in New Orleans. He averaged 7 points and 3.8 rebounds in a starting role. While his statistical production was not exceptional, Gentry and Pelicans general manager Alvin Gentry have both been very complimentary Hill's talent as a wing defender.
Now Hill returns as the Pelicans try to cling to one of the Western Conference's final playoff spots.
Commentary:The Save My Care Bus Tour is visiting Las Cruces Wednesday morning.
Join with City Councilor Kasandra Gandara, faith leaders and other community members to stand against congressional Republicans' and their rushed effort to take away 266,000 New Mexicans health care.
The Save My Care Bus Tour is a two-month, cross-country tour focused on telling the stories of the more than 30 million Americans who will lose their health care under Congress' dangerous repeal plan.
Members of Health Action New Mexico, AFSCME, ProgressNow New Mexico, New Mexico Voices, the New Mexico Center on Law and Poverty, AARP, SEIU, and Interfaith Worker Justice will hold a rally to stand against Congressional Republicans' plan to take health care away from 266,000 New Mexicans. At the event, health care advocates, religious leaders, and community members who have benefited from the Affordable Care Act will share their stories and urge Congress to protect affordable, quality health care.
WHO:
Kasandra Gandara, City Councilor
Rev. Robinson Owens, AME Church Alamogordo
Barbara Alvarez, Community Member
Community Members
WHERE:
Albert Johnson Park
North Main Street
Las Cruces, NM 88001
WHEN:
February 15, 2017
10 AM
By The Associated Press
Arizona 0 0 1—1 Chicago 0 0 3—3
First Period_None. Penalties_Strome, ARI, (tripping), 5:29.
Second Period_None. Penalties_Keith, CHI, (tripping), 7:50; Demers, ARI, (tripping), 15:54.
Third Period_1, Chicago, Wingels 4 (Oesterle, Hayden), 7:36. 2, Arizona, Duclair 7 (Chychrun, Goligoski), 14:02. 3, Chicago, Anisimov 13 (Seabrook, Kane), 15:13. 4, Chicago, Schmaltz 5 (Kane), 16:58. Penalties_None.
Shots on Goal_Arizona 9-10-13_32. Chicago 13-7-17_37.
Power-play opportunities_Arizona 0 of 1; Chicago 0 of 2.
Goalies_Arizona, Wedgewood 3-6-3 (37 shots-34 saves). Chicago, Crawford 13-7-2 (32-31).
A_21,654 (19,717). T_2:25.
Referees_Ghislain Hebert, Chris Lee. Linesmen_Steve Barton, Derek Nansen.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Permanent State of Emergency and the Dream of Absolute Power
After declaring a state of emergency in the country, the decree laws of the government have replaced the law and therefore the constitution (already suspended partially) in Turkey.
The main aim of the government since the failed coup attempt is quickly avoiding the cases slowing down or hindering the construction of the new structure of the state. So that merging the security apparatuses and connecting them directly to the ruler has been undertaken. What is expected is to maintain the absolute power of the ruling party and to surpass the threats against accumulation of capital without any economic or political lost.
These aims were almost achieved in 2017 – especially by the referendum in April 2017. That is to say, the referendum in 2010, that annihilated the division of powers, has been sustained and advanced further by the decree laws since July 2016 to the present and the referendum in 2017. Five major themes have emerged as critical issues in the consolidation of the new structure.
1. The government, ever since the beginning of its rule, has begun to try seizing all public organizations or establishing alternative ones when it has not been strong enough to seize. This effort has now entered a new phase. Article 108 of the constitution has been amended after the referendum in April 2017. This amendment has authorized the state auditing board of the presidency (DDK) to undertake “administrative investigations” for all public agencies and institutions and professional organizations that have the status of public agency or institution. As a result of that authorization, the government has announced that the possible independent structure of organizations except the state is not recognized any longer. That is to say, from now on all independent public organizations are under threat.
2. There has always been a tension between the police and the army in Turkey. Most of the underlying reasons have already been eliminated in favour of the government. Definitely, the main reasons were accepted as the relatively autonomous administration and resource management of the army in comparison to the other. In addition to this, the army had been accepted as the protector of the Kemalist ideology. As is mentioned, most of the reasons have already been eliminated, and the remaining ones have been eliminated by the authorization given to the police department to use the vehicles, arms and properties of the military police department in need without any special permission by Article 12 of the decree law numbered 668. Therefore, the police department, always known as loyal to the ruler, has gained more power against the relatively less loyal structures in the past.
3. Within the old structure of the state, every security apparatus had its own intelligence section. The reason was the different needs and the different uses of the information. Beside this, because of the legal and administrative obstacles, investigating individuals and organizations was not easy “enough” to perform for the intelligence services. These all have been changed by Article 62 of the decree law numbered 694. First of all, the national intelligence coordination council (MIKK) was established under the administration of the president. The main tasks of the MIKK have been defined as merging and managing all the intelligence services both inside and outside of Turkey, providing the coordination between the offices, the public agencies and institutions and also monitoring their tasks and responsibilities, and announcing security forces about them if it is needed. What is more, the MIKK has the authority to perform security clearance for any person, agency or institution. This means everyone and every organization might be monitored – with or without any legitimate reasons.
4. There are many active pro-government paramilitary groups in Turkey. After the declaration of state of emergency, many of them began searching for a way to legalize themselves. Despite their unrecognized status among the state institutions, the groups had the direct support of whom they were working for. Moreover, each was benefiting from many official opportunities. They were more like official organizations rather than civil ones. However the groups were still feeling themselves uncomfortable because of the unofficial recognition of their position in the state. Then the state, under the decree law published with the number 696 on 24th of December 2017, has finally recognized the official status of the paramilitary organizations that were already responsible for many dirty jobs such as using violence against the peaceful opposition.
5. The government has undertaken the revision of the election system in February 2018 by the amendment of many articles in the constitution. Many groups in the opposition describe the revision as the annihilation of the elections due to legitimating some of the anomalies in a possible fair election. One of them is the repeal of the article that the voting envelopes and papers have to be signed and approved officially. The opposition claims that this amendment makes possible to use fake voting envelopes and papers in the upcoming elections. In addition to that amendment, security forces have gained the right to remove everyone in the polling stations if it is needed. It is well known that security forces are mostly supporting the government. Who could claim the privacy of the voting polls any longer by this amendment?
Another amendment is the repeal of the article that makes compulsory for an individual to use voting IDs with the other individuals living in the same location and therefore being on the same voting list. The consistency between the locations and the voting lists was accepted as a measure to prevent giving vote by fake identities. But now the Article is no longer available. However that is not all. Furthermore, the assignment of the chairman of the board of polling stations has been taken over by the government. It is an amendment clearly against the neutrality principle of the chairman.
People from other countries are usually curious about how an anti-intellectual political organization could be so influential on the masses. There are many reasons for this. But one of the main reasons is the bourgeois press. The bourgeois represented in the government owns 90 per cent of all the press in Turkey including TV and radio channels, newspapers, journals, etc. It means when someone relates with a media organ, she or he sees, listens and reads only the same source.
The Press as the Means of Politicization and Depoliticization of the Masses
Today the press is accepted as the fourth power with legislative, executive and judiciary in most countries experiencing a working bourgeois democracy. Besides this, in countries faced with authoritarian or fascist state forms, the press is a crucial part of the total power. However, under all forms of capitalism, the main point of the bourgeois press is to take part in the maintenance of the existing social relations. It is not possible to think otherwise after realizing that the press is usually under the private property of one or two monopolies. It does not matter how much the organs of these monopolies refer to the words “impartial”, “independent”, “objective” press and moreover. By using the term ideological state apparatuses of Louis Althusser, it could be mentioned that the bourgeois press defines the borders and the limits of an official ideology or ideologies to keep the subjects inside the existing order.
As for Turkey, it might be seen that the press is an important instrument of the existing order to persuade the masses for a country without law. The law in Turkey is actually the sum of decisions given by the ruler and his officials. At exactly this point, the need for legitimacy of their decisions is conveniently supplied by the bourgeois press. This could only be done by the press itself. It gathers all individuals together into a common place. Using this opportunity, it gains the chance to persuade or threaten the subjects in favour of the government. And it does not hesitate to use different kinds of manipulation and disinformation for this mission.
The press has always been influentially used during the AKP rule. Many visual and printed media organs have established without caring about their ratings. Here the only measure has usually been making the party ideology, Political Islam more apparent and more effective. What is important is the concrete consequences of the influence performed by the press. And these consequences have been the direct products of the Political Islamist intelligentsia not having any academic or intellectual formations but having fake or fictional titles. These “experts” aim to determine and control the minds of people by the media organs. Various subjects from daily problems to social events are being undertaken by the “experts” at the media organs.
By focusing the minds, Political Islamists have two main ends. One is politicization; and the other is depoliticization of the masses.
For the goal of politicization, the first thing is to polarize and divide the masses for the negative cases in charge of the government. Then passing the buck to the opposition, even if it is the victim. By this process, it is as easy as pie to mark workers, peasants, students, academicians, intellectuals, journalists, engineers, lawyers and many others who protest the violation of their rights as “the devils in human form.” Here the press is the major instrument to declare who is enemy and who is not. After that, it mobilises the masses against the opposition.
The goal of depoliticization is the other side of the coin. It is a process keeping the masses ready to mobilize against the opposition but hindering them to not listen to or to take part in the opposition. The main point here is making people irrelevant to politics up to the call by the ruler. By forming cynic supporters like these, neutrality or apathy of the masses is expected on the decisions of the government. The result of cynical supporters is a relatively social silence which protects the powerful from possible wave of resistance and struggle against the coming violation of rights.
The government has escalated the repression against the opposition after declaring state of emergency by the effective usage of the politicization and depoliticization processes. Also the bourgeoisie has designed its press once more after the accomplishment of the five critical domestic security issues mentioned above. Hereafter the expectation from the press is to formulate every act of the government as “national will” and to mask the class character of the state.
*
Önder Kulak holds a Ph.D. in philosophy; studying German Idealism, Marxism, and Frankfurt School; has books, book chapters, articles and translations in journals and internet portals.
Kansu Yıldırım is an independent researcher based in Ankara and an editorial board member of Kampfplatz (Turkish journal of philosophy and social science), and a columnist for BirGün (Turkish left-wing daily newspaper). Notes 1. Actually, Article 12 was planned to be put in to place nearly four years ago. However there were no really adequate technical conditions to realize that process, and then the regulations were postponed for a future time. 2. Louis Althusser, “Ideology and Ideological State Apparatuses,” trans. Ben Brewster, Marxists.org , 1971. 3. This situation is like the term mass mobilization against a political ideology belonging to Jacques Ellul in Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes . It uses the term in the sense of the power which uses TV, radio and printed media to specify and begin a mobilization against its enemies. 4. This point should be thought of by the term transformismo associated with Antonio Gramsci and his idea of the formation of passive consent. Featured image is from the authors.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/the-new-turkey/5637658
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LADUE, Mo. – Car clouting and break-in cases have been reported throughout the St. Louis area. But one community is seeing something unusual: car thefts.
Ladue Police Captain Darin McClure reported five vehicles stolen in the past month.
“It's gotten our attention,” he said.
In each of the cases, the cars were left unlocked, and the keys were inside.
Police recovered all three vehicles – three in East St. Louis, one in north St. Louis, and one in north St. Louis County.
“I don't know if you want to call it joyriding, or if you just want to call it getting out from where they were at,” McClure said.
It is unclear if the cases are connected.
While the motive might be unclear, he said it sends a message about safety and security.
“It really makes you think, what can we do to help our residents out?” he asked. “And the way we can help our residents out is to get out the message, to please lock your cars, and if you hear anything at night, see anything in the neighborhood, that you don't recognize, give us a call. That's why we're here.”
Key fobs, often found with newer model vehicles, have been left in vehicles, making the job easy for thieves.
McClure said checking a vehicle at night makes all the difference. Locked vehicles – ones where valuables are not in plain sight – are left alone.
“We've had incidents where there'd be two or three cars in the driveway. Two were locked, and one was open. They'd go through the unlocked car. The other two that were locked? Wasn't touched,” he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young Premier League star has admitted affray after a melee involving him, his mother and friends erupted with a separate group in a nightclub's VIP area.
Bottles were thrown and weapons used when Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons and members of his family and friends clashed with at least five men in the trendy Livello bar on Newcastle's Quayside.
The England under-20 player, his mother Joan Jacob, 46, and four others were originally charged with violent disorder but the prosecution accepted their guilty pleas to the lesser charge of affray.
Judge Edward Bindloss, sitting at Newcastle Crown Court, warned jail was a possibility and said the 90-second brawl at 2am in October 2016 was "a serious incident with personal violence being used and items being thrown".
(Image: Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith)
(Image: PA)
One man in the other group suffered a "nasty" head injury, Judge Bindloss said, though this was caused indirectly after door staff intervened.
The judge said: "Rolando Aarons and family and friends were celebrating a birthday and they were in Livello.
"There was no indication of any trouble or problems hitherto. CCTV shows this incident blew up out of nowhere and suddenly there is a large melee involving numerous people."
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Judge Bindloss said the injured man was hurt when door staff tried to escort him away from trouble - though he stressed there was no criticism of the doormen working that night.
The venue has been compensated for damage caused, the judge said.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Only the injured man from the other group had made a witness statement and his friends had not helped police, the court heard.
The judge added: "Some of them were clearly involved in using violence against Mr Aarons and his family and friends."
A member of the other group was the first to throw anything, the judge said. "It can be said he escalated the incident."
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: PA)
Aarons, who was born in Jamaica and raised in Bristol, made an immediate impact when he broke into the Newcastle United first team.
But the 22-year-old suffered injury set-backs and has now been loaned out to Hellas Verona in Italy.
The defendants were Aarons and his mother, both of Montagu Avenue, Gosforth, Newcastle; his cousin Garfield White, 23, a serving prisoner formerly of Wordsworth Road, Bristol and his friends Kallum Phillips, 23, of Kensington Park, Bristol, and Jamar Collins, 22, of Walker Close, Bristol.
Charges were dropped against White's sister Sabrina, 24, after it was accepted she acted as a peace-maker on the night.
The judge granted all defendants bail, except for Garfield White, ahead of sentencing on May 22.
The judge said: "All options remain open, including an immediate custodial sentence."
By The Associated Press
All Times EDT NORTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA AND CARIBBEAN FINAL ROUND Top three teams qualify Fourth-place team advances to playoff against Asia fifth-place team GP W D L GF GA Pts Mexico 6 4 2 0 9 2 14 Costa Rica 6 3 2 1 9 4 11 United States 6 2 2 2 11 8 8 Panama 6 1 4 1 4 4 7 Honduras 6 1 2 3 6 14 5 Trinidad 6 1 0 5 3 10 3 Friday, Sept. 1 At Harrison, N.J.
United States vs. Costa Rica, 6:55 p.m.
At Couva, Trinidad
Trinidad and Tobago vs. Honduras, 8 p.m.
At Mexico City
Mexico vs. Panama, 9:30 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At San Pedro Sula, Honduras
Honduras vs. United States, 5:36 p.m.
At Panama City
Panama vs. Trinidad and Tobago, 9:30 p.m.
At San Jose, Costa Rica
Costa Rica vs. Mexico, 10:05 p.m.
EUROPE Winners qualify Top eight second-place teams advance to European playoffs GROUP A GP W D L GF GA Pts Sweden 6 4 1 1 12 4 13 France 6 4 1 1 11 5 13 Netherlands 6 3 1 2 13 6 10 Bulgaria 6 3 0 2 9 12 9 Belarus 6 1 2 3 4 11 5 Luxembourg 6 0 1 5 6 17 1 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Sofia, Bulgaria
Bulgaria vs. Sweden, 2:45 p.m.
At Saint-Denis, France
France vs. Netherlands, 2:45 p.m.
At Luxembourg
Luxembourg vs. Belarus, 2:45 p.m.
Sunday, Sept. 3 At Borisov, Belarus
Belarus vs. Sweden, Noon
At Amsterdam
Netherlands vs. Bulgaria, Noon
At Toulouse, France
France vs. Luxembourg, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP B GP W D L GF GA Pts Switzerland 6 6 0 0 12 3 18 Portugal 6 5 0 1 22 3 15 Hungary 6 2 1 3 8 7 7 Faeroe Islands 6 1 2 3 2 10 5 Andorra 6 1 1 4 2 13 4 Latvia 6 1 0 5 2 12 3 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Budapest, Hungary
Hungary vs. Latvia, 2:45 p.m.
At TBA
Portugal vs. Faeroe Islands
At St. Gallen, Switzerland
Switzerland vs. Andorra, 2:45 p.m.
Sunday, Sept. 3 At Torshavn, Faeroe Islands
Faeroe Islands vs. Andorra, Noon
At Budapest, Hungary
Hungary vs. Portugal, 2:45 p.m.
At Riga, Latvia
Latvia vs. Switzerland. 2:45 p.m.
GROUP C GP W D L GF GA Pts Germany 6 6 0 0 27 1 18 Northern Ireland 6 4 1 1 11 2 13 Czech Republic 6 2 3 1 9 5 9 Azerbaijan 6 2 1 3 3 9 7 Norway 6 1 1 4 6 10 4 San Marino 6 0 0 6 1 30 0 Friday, Sept. 1 At Prague
Czech Republic vs. Germany, 2:45 p.m.
At Oslo
Norway vs. Azerbaijan, 2:45 p.m.
At Serravalle, San Marino
San Marino vs. Northern Ireland, 2:45 p.m.
Monday, Sept. 4 At Baku, Azerbaijan
Azerbaijan vs. San Marino, Noon
At Stuttgart, Germany
Germany vs. Norway, 2:45 p.m.
At Belfast, Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland vs. Czech Republic, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP D GP W D L GF GA Pts Serbia 6 3 3 0 13 7 12 Ireland 6 3 3 0 8 4 12 Wales 6 1 5 0 9 5 8 Austria 6 2 2 2 9 8 8 Georgia 6 0 3 3 6 10 3 Moldova 6 0 2 4 4 15 2 Saturday, Sept. 2 At Tblisi, Georgia
Georgia vs. Ireland, Noon
At Belgrade, Serbia
Serbia vs. Moldova, Noon
At Cardiff, Wales
Wales vs. Austria, 2:45 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Vienna
Austria vs. Georgia, 2:45 p.m.
At Dublin
Ireland vs. Serbia, 2:45 p.m.
At Chisinau, Moldova
Moldova vs. Wales, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP E GP W D L GF GA Pts Poland 6 5 1 0 15 7 16 Montenegro 6 3 1 2 14 7 10 Denmark 6 3 1 2 10 6 10 Romania 6 1 3 2 7 7 6 Armenia 6 2 0 4 7 14 6 Kazakhstan 6 0 2 4 4 16 2 Friday, Sept. 1 At Astana, Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan vs. Montenegro, Noon
At Copenhagen, Denmark
Denmark vs. Poland, 2:45 p.m.
At Bucharest, Romania
Romania vs. Armenia, 2:45 p.m.
Monday, Sept. 4 At Yerevan, Armenia
Armenia vs. Denmark, Noon
At Podgorica, Montenegro
Montenegro vs. Romania, 2:45 p.m.
At Warsaw, Poland
Poland vs. Kazakhstan, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP F GP W D L GF GA Pts England 6 4 2 0 10 2 14 Slovakia 6 4 0 2 12 4 12 Slovenia 6 3 2 1 6 3 11 Scotland 6 2 2 2 9 10 8 Lithuania 6 1 2 3 6 11 5 Malta 6 0 0 6 2 15 0 Friday, Sept. 1 At Vilnius, Lithuania
Lithuania vs. Scotland, 2:45 p.m.
At Ta'Qali, Malta
Malta vs. England, 2:45 p.m.
At Trnava, Slovakia
Slovakia vs. Slovenia, 2:45 p.m.
Monday, Sept. 4 At London
England vs. Slovakia, 2:45 p.m.
At Glasgow, Scotland
Scotland vs. Malta, 2:45 p.m.
At Ljubliana, Slovenia
Slovenia vs. Lithuania, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP G GP W D L GF GA Pts Spain 6 5 1 0 21 3 16 Italy 6 5 1 0 18 4 16 Albania 6 3 0 3 7 8 9 Israel 6 3 0 3 9 12 9 Macedonia 6 1 0 5 8 13 3 Liechtenstein 6 0 0 6 1 24 0 Saturday, Sept. 2 At Elbasan, Albania
Albania vs. Liechtenstein, Noon
At Haifa, Israel
Israel vs. Macedonia, 2:45 p.m.
At Madrid
Spain vs. Italy, 2:45 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Reggio Emilia, Italy
Italy vs. Israel, 2:45 p.m.
At Vaduz, Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein vs. Spain, 2:45 p.m.
At TBA
Macedonia vs. Albania, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP H GP W D L GF GA Pts Belgium 6 5 1 0 24 2 16 Greece 6 3 3 0 10 3 12 Bosnia-Herzegov. 6 3 2 1 13 5 11 Cyprus 6 2 1 3 5 9 7 Estonia 6 1 1 4 5 17 4 Gilbraltar 6 0 0 6 3 24 0 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Liege, Belgium
Belgium vs. Gibraltar, 2:45 p.m.
At Nicosia, Cyprus
Cyprus vs. Bosnia-Herzegovina, 2:45 p.m.
At Piraeus, Greece
Greece vs. Estonia, 2:45 p.m.
Sunday, Sept. 3 At Tallinn, Estonia
Estonia vs. Cyprus, Noon
At Faro, Portugal
Gibraltar vs. Bosnia-Herzegovina, 2:45 p.m.
At Piraeus, Greece
Greece vs. Belgium, 2:45 p.m.
GROUP I GP W D L GF GA Pts Croatia 6 4 1 1 11 2 13 Iceland 6 4 1 1 9 6 13 Turkey 6 3 2 1 11 6 11 Ukraine 6 3 2 1 9 5 11 Finland 6 0 1 5 4 10 1 Kosovo 6 0 1 5 3 18 1 Saturday, Sept. 2 At Tampere, Finland
Finland vs. Iceland, Noon
At Zagreb, Croatia
Croatia vs. Kosovo, 2:45 p.m.
At Kharkov, Ukraine
Ukraine vs. Turkey, 2:45 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Reykjavik, Iceland
Iceland vs. Ukraine, 2:45 p.m.
At Shkoder, Albania
Kosovo vs. Finland, 2:45 p.m.
At Eskisehir, Turkey
Turkey vs. Croatia, 2:45 p.m.
SOUTH AMERICA Top four teams qualify Fifth place advances to playoff GP W D L GF GA Pts q-Brazil 14 10 3 1 35 10 33 Colombia 14 7 3 4 18 15 24 Uruguay 14 7 2 5 26 17 23 Chile 14 7 2 5 24 19 23 Argentina 14 6 4 4 15 14 22 Ecuador 14 6 2 6 23 20 20 Peru 14 5 3 6 22 23 18 Paraguay 14 5 3 6 13 21 18 Bolivia 14 3 1 10 12 32 10 Venezuela 14 1 3 10 17 34 6
q-qualified
Thursday, Aug. 31 At San Cristoval, Venezuela
Venezuela vs. Colombia, 5 p.m.
At Santiago, Chile
Chile vs. Paraguay, 6:30 p.m.
At Montevideo, Uruguay
Uruguay vs. Argentina, 7 p.m.
At Porto Alegre, Brazil
Brazil vs. Ecuador, 8:45 p.m.
At Lima, Peru
Peru vs. Bolivia, 10:15 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At La Paz, Bolivia
Bolivia vs. Chile, 4 p.m.
At Barranquila, Colombia
Colombia vs. Brazil, 4:30 p.m.
At Quito, Ecuador
Ecuador vs. Peru, 5 p.m.
At Asuncion, Paraguay
Paraguay vs. Uruguay, 7 p.m.
At Buenos Aires, Argentina
Argentina vs. Venezuela, 7:30 p.m.
ASIA THIRD ROUND Top two teams in each group qualify Third-place teams advance to playoff GROUP A GP W D L GF GA Pts q-Iran 8 6 2 0 8 0 20 South Korea 8 4 1 3 11 10 13 Uzbekistan 8 4 0 4 6 6 12 Syria 8 2 3 3 4 5 9 Qatar 8 2 1 5 6 10 7 China 8 1 3 4 5 9 6
q-qualified
Thursday, Aug. 31 At Wuhan, China
China vs. Uzbekistan, 8 a.m.
At Seoul, South Korea
South Korea vs. Iran, 8 a.m.
At Krubong, Malaysia
Syria vs. Qatar, 9:45 a.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Tehran, Iran
Iran vs. Syria, 11 a.m.
At Doha, Qatar
Qatar vs. China, 11 a.m.
At Tashkent, Uzbekistan
Uzbekistan vs. South Korea, 11 a.m.
GROUP B GP W D L GF GA Pts Japan 8 5 2 1 15 6 17 Saudi Arabia 8 5 1 2 15 8 16 Australia 8 4 4 0 14 8 16 Utd Arab Emirates 8 3 1 4 8 11 10 Iraq 8 1 2 5 8 20 5 Thailand 8 0 2 6 4 20 2 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Saitama, Japan
Japan vs. Australia, 6:35 a.m.
At Bangkok
Thailand vs. Iraq, 8 a.m.
At Al Ain, Abu Dhabi
United Arab Emirates vs. Saudi Arabia, 12:30 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Melbourne, Australia
Australia vs. Thailand, 5 a.m.
At Tehran, Iran
Iraq vs. United Arab Emirates, 8:10 a.m.
At Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia vs. Japan, 1:30 p.m.
AFRICA THIRD ROUND Double round robin Group winners qualify GROUP A GP W D L GF GA Pts Congo 2 2 0 0 6 1 6 Tunisia 2 2 0 0 3 0 6 Guinea 2 0 0 2 1 4 0 Libya 2 0 0 2 0 5 0 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Conakry, Guinea
Guinea vs. Libya, 1 p.m.
Friday, Sept. 1 At Rades, Tunisia
Tunisia vs. Congo, 4 p.m.
Monday, Sept. 4 At Monastir, Tunisia
Libya vs. Guinea, 3 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Kinshasha, Congo
Congo vs. Tunisia, 1:30 p.m.
GROUP B GP W D L GF GA Pts Nigeria 2 2 0 0 5 2 6 Cameroon 2 0 2 0 2 2 2 Zambia 2 0 1 1 2 3 1 Algeria 2 0 1 1 2 4 1 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Uyo, Nigeria
Nigeria vs. Cameroon, 2 p.m.
Saturday, Sept. 2 At Lusaka, Zambia
Zambia vs. Algeria, 9 a.m.
Monday, Sept. 4 At Yaounde, Cameroon
Cameroon vs. Nigeria, 10 a.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Blida, Algeria
Algeria vs. Zambia, 4:30 p.m.
GROUP C GP W D L GF GA Pts Ivory Coast 2 1 1 0 3 1 4 Gabon 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 Morocco 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 Mali 2 0 1 1 1 3 1 Friday, Sept. 1 At Rabat, Morocco
Morocco vs. Mali, 4 p.m.
Saturday, Sept. 2 At Libreville, Gabon
Gabon vs. Ivory Coast, Noon
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Bouake, Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast vs. Gabon, 1:30 p.m.
At Bamako, Mali
Mali vs. Morocco, 3 p.m.
GROUP D GP W D L GF GA Pts Burkina Faso 2 1 1 0 3 1 4 South Africa 2 1 1 0 3 2 4 Senegal 2 1 0 1 3 2 3 Cape Verde 2 0 0 2 0 4 0 Friday, Sept. 1 At Praia, Cape Verde
Cape Verde vs. South Africa, 2:30 p.m.
Saturday, Sept. 2 At Dakar, Senegal
Senegal vs. Burkina Faso, 4 p.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Durban, South Africa
South Africa vs. Cape Verde, 1 p.m.
At Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
Burkina Faso vs. Senegal, 2 p.m.
GROUP E GP W D L GF GA Pts Egypt 2 2 0 0 4 1 6 Uganda 2 1 1 0 1 0 4 Ghana 2 0 1 1 0 2 1 Rep. of Congo 2 0 0 2 1 3 0 Thursday, Aug. 31 At Kampala, Uganda
Uganda vs. Egypt, 9 a.m.
Friday, Sept. 1 At Kumasi, Ghana
Ghana vs. Republic of Congo, 11:30 a.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Brazzaville, Republic of Congo
Republic of Congo vs. Ghana, 10:30 a.m.
At Alexandria, Egypt
Egypt vs. Uganda, 2 p.m.
OCEANIA FOURTH ROUND Home-and-home Winner advances to playoff against South America fifth-place team New Zealand vs. Solomon Islands Friday, Sept. 1 At Auckland, New Zealand
New Zealand vs. Solomon Islands, 2:35 a.m.
Tuesday, Sept. 5 At Honiara, Solomon Islands
Solomon Islands vs. New Zealand, 11 p.m. (Sept. 4)
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
While a hot morning shower can wake you up and boost creativity, recent studies have shown that taking a shower at night is the way to go if you want to improve your sleep. But only if you get the timing right.
“You don't want to heat yourself up right before bed, cooling down is a signal that tells us we're supposed to sleep.” Dr. Dianne Augelli, a sleep disorder specialist at the Centre for Sleep Medicine at New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Centre, TIME Health.
Right after a shower is when you heat up, feel more alert, active and creative, but as time passes and your body begins to cool down, your system will feel more ready for sleep instead.
Dr. Augelli relays that the optimum time to shower is 90 minutes before lights out which leaves just enough time for your body to circulate its circadian rhythms – your 24-hour internal clock that lets your body know whether it's sleepy or awake.
Well, if a hot shower before bed is what the doctor ordered, who are we to disagree?
NOW READ
Should you shower before you work out?
The one cool shower trick you need to try ASAP
Your 5-step routine to looking fantastic in the morning
> More on Live Well
This article originally appeared on gq.com.au
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, Mo. – A Ballwin neighborhood is stunned as a local man faces child pornography charges.
The suspect calls himself the "Media Guy," a producer of youth video presentations for schools and church groups dealing with drug abuse, bullying, peer pressure, and healthy living. But now, 58-year-old Thomas Guy is jailed one count of promoting child pornography and three counts of possession of child pornography.
Police executed a search warrant on Guy's home on Oklahoma Avenue on Thursday and allegedly discovered three computer devices with thousands of images of child pornography. Court documents said they included images of young people under the age of 18 and at least one girl under the age of 14.
Guy remains in custody at St. Louis County Jail on $100,000 cash-only bond.
Global Bearing Market Information Report, by Product (Plain Bearings, Ball Bearings, Roller Bearings and others), by Application (Automotive, Electronics, Aerospace, Construction and others) and By Region – Global Forecast to 2022
Global Bearing Market Drivers:
The wide application of bearings in the automotive industry is acting as one of the major driving forces for generating a colossal demand for bearings in the global market. The increasing application of bearings in various industrial sectors, such as electronics, railway, aerospace, mining and construction, manufacturing and transport and others, is fueling the expansion of the global bearing market. The various benefits of bearings, that include reduced lubricant consumption, reduction in energy consumption and enhanced equipment performance, are inducing the demand for bearings in multiple industries.The increasing utilization of high capacity bearings in wind turbines is generating demand for bearings in the market, leading to the growth of the global bearing market. The unprecedented growth of the automotive industry and increase in the manufacturing of heavy machinery are some of the important factors fueling the expansion of the global bearing market.
The technological advancements, such as incorporation of the sensor unit with bearings among others, are anticipated to offer higher opportunities for the growth of the global bearing market. Increasing investments in research and development, by the manufacturers of bearing market, to introduce innovative, cost-effective, high-efficiency bearings is fueling the expansion of the global bearing market. The advancement in lubrication technology and inclination towards the use of light-weight components are creating high demand for bearings leading to the growth of the global bearing market. The demand for the application-specific bearing is anticipated to emerge as a significant market trend, leading to a noteworthy growth of the global bearing market.
Request For Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2183
Market Segmentation:
The global bearing market has been segmented on the basis of product and application. On the basis of product, the bearing market is segmented into plain bearing, ball bearing, roller bearing and others. Among these, the ball bearing segment dominated the global bearing market in 2015. However, the roller bearing segment is anticipated to dominate the market during the forecast period as this product provides reduced friction and can sustain heavy radial load and shock or impact loading as compared to ball bearing.
On the basis of application, the global bearing market is segmented into automotive, electronics, aerospace, construction and others. Among these, the automotive segment is dominating the global bearing market and the aerospace segment is anticipated to project the fastest growth during the forecast period.
Detailed Regional Analysis:
On the basis of region, the global bearing market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and the rest of the world. Among these regions, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to dominate the global bearing market due to the rapid expansion of automotive, construction and other industries in this region. The robust growth of automotive, construction, mining and aerospace industries in North America and European region is fueling the expansion of the bearing market in this region. The rapid infrastructural and industrial development is influencing the expansion of the global bearing market in the rest of the world.
Competitive Analysis:
The constant surge in investment for research and development by the major manufacturers to introduce innovative products in the market is triggering the competition among the players of the global bearing market. In May 2018, NTN Corporation (Japan) has launched a new product called ‘sHUB,' a hub bearing with steering assist function, which can be equipped on the front wheels of the vehicles.
The leading players in the global bearing market are NTN Corporation (Japan), Svenska Kullagerfabriken AB (Sweden), Schaeffler Group (Germany), NSK Ltd. (Japan), The Timken Company (U.S.), JTEKT Corporation (Japan), Robert Bosch GmbH (Japan), The Danaher Corporation (U.S.), GKN plc.(U.K.) Minebea Mitsumi, Inc. (Japan) and others.
Complete Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/bearing-market-2183
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Research Methodology
3 Market Dynamics
4 Global Engineering Plastic Market, By Products
5 Global Engineering Plastic Market, By Application
6 Regional Market Analysis
7 Competition Analysis
…….Continued
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR) and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have the prime objective to provide optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies depending on products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments enables our clients to know more consequently do more, which gives them answer for their each and every important question. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry
CONTACT US:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Allie LeClaire scored 22 points, Jessica Lindstrom added 19 and No. 20 Green Bay won its 10th straight game, 75-68 over Wright State on Saturday.
Karly Murphy added 14 for the Phoenix (21-2, 11-1 Horizon) and Caitlyn Hibner had 11 points and a career-high 10 rebounds. Chelsea Welch scored 24 points and Mackenzie Taylor 17 for the Raiders (16-8, 7-5).
After a 3-pointer by Emily Vogelpohl gave Wright State a 45-38 lead to open the third quarter, the Raiders missed their next six shots. But a basket by Welch at the 4:04 mark put the Raiders on top 49-48. However, they missed their next 12 shots, Green Bay scored the first 10 points of the fourth quarter and held on, making 6 of 8 free throws in the last 30 seconds.
Wright State made 5 of 25 shots in the second half but was 14 of 18 from the foul line. Green Bay shot 60 per cent in the second half.
Commercial On offer for sale is an incredibly secluded and serene resort. This ... Contact Agent
On offer for sale is an incredibly secluded and serene resort. This sprawling estate is truly in a world of its own, positioned on over 13 acres of ultimate...
In honor of the Donald's "Mother of All Bomb" (MOAB) attack on the Hindu Kush mountains Thursday, let me introduce MOAD.In theory, this should be just a routine extension of the fiscal year (FY) 2017 continuing resolution (CR) by which Congress is funding the $1.1 trillion compartment of government which is appropriated annually.The remaining $3 trillion per year of entitlements and debt service is on automatic pilot, but the truth is Washington can't agree on what to do about either component — except to keeping on borrowing to pay the bills.Moreover, that critical fact is ill-understood by Wall Street because it does not remotely recognize that all the debt ceiling increases since the public debt exploded after the 2008-09 crisis were an accident of the Obama presidency.That is, surrounded by Keynesian economic advisers and big spending Democratic politicians, he had no fear of the national debt at all and obviously even believed the more debt the better.And Obama was also able to bamboozle the establishment GOP leadership led by former Speaker Boehner into steering enough GOP votes to the "responsible" course of action.Needless to say, Obama is gone, Boehner is gone and the 17-month debt ceiling "holiday" that they confected in October 2015 to ride Washington through the election is gone, too.And good for them!They genuinely fear and loathe the banana republic financial profligacy that prevails in the Imperial City, and would rip the flesh from Speaker Ryan's face were he to go the Boehner route and try to assemble a "bipartisan" consensus for a condition-free increase in the debt ceiling.What that means is a completely new ball game in the Imperial City that will absolutely dominate the agenda as far as the eye can see. That's because the Freedom Caucus will insist that sweeping entitlement reforms and spending cuts accompany any debt ceiling increase.Even "moderate" Senator Rob Portman (Ohio) has legislation requiring that dollar for dollar deficit cuts accompany any increase in the debt ceiling.In the meanwhile, everything else — health care reform, tax cuts, infrastructure — will become backed-up in an endless queue of legislative impossibilities. Accordingly, there will be no big tax cut in 2017 or even next year.The Treasury will be out of cash and up against a hard stop debt limit of $19.8 trillion in a matter of months. But long before that there will be a taste of the Shutdown Syndrome on April 28 owing to the accumulating number of "poison pill" "riders" to the CR.These include the virtual certainty of riders to the House bill to "defund" Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities. Other extraneous amendments will also possibly include funds demanded by the White House to start the Mexican Wall, enhance deportations and fund some of Trump's $54 billion defense increase.By contrast, the Senate Democrats will move heaven and earth to attach mandatory funding for upwards of $7 billion to fund Obamacare, screaming that without these funds massive new premium increases will be needed and/or more insurance companies will withdraw from the Obamacare exchanges next fall.Unfortunately, such rank demagoguery will almost surely gather considerable support from squishy middle-of-the-road Republicans like Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski.So when they close down for several days the Washington monument owing to an inability to reach agreement on a trivial $70 million annual funding item for family planning services — the equivalent of nine minutes of annual Federal spending or something that Bill Gates could fund out of his cash drawer — it will not only come as a shock to Wall Street.It will also embody a warning that there is no consensus on anything or any real semblance of functioning government in Washington, and that as these battles accumulate the degree of dysfunction will only intensify.I have no use for the seasonally maladjusted and endlessly manipulated, massaged and revised data that come out of the Washington statistical mills.By contrast, the data that comes out of Uncle Sam's revenue farebox is an altogether different kettle of fish. That is, no employer in America is paying withholding taxes on payroll slots that do not exist or sending in estimated taxes on profits that are not happening.Yet after six months of FY 2017 has elapsed, two things are quite evident. First, Federal receipts in March were down on a year over year basis (12-month moving average) for the fourth straight month.Secondly, the deficit is once again rising rapidly. During the first six months of this fiscal year it totaled $527 billion compared to $459 billion last year, thereby representing a 15% year-over-year gain. And that is something new on the scene, as well.The kick-the-can fiscal game of the last eight years was enabled originally by Washington's false fears of Great Depression 2.0 generated during and after the financial crisis by Ben Bernanke and former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson.And after the crisis passed, by the glib belief that the Federal deficit was steadily falling and would cure itself with the passage of enough time.As I told Fox Business the other day, it is a stark warning to get out of the casino before it's too late.Even if you are not troubled by the outbreak of hostilities at hotspots all around the planet or not inclined to fret about the shocking fact that the Fed is actually contemplating shrinking its balance sheet for the first time in essentially three decades, there is still this:The U.S. economy is sliding toward recession and the chances that the "stimulus" baton will be handed off to ballyhooed Trump Reflation are lower than those of the proverbial snowball in the hot place.On April 28, reality is likely to come breaking in and finally shatter all remaining delusion.
Since departing the White House a year ago, and staying relatively under-the-radar after President Trump took office, Michelle Obama is back!
On Friday, the former First Lady arrived at the Kennedy Center for the School Counselor of the Year ceremony in a long-sleeve floral frock to make her first major speech in more than a year. And, her impassioned words couldn't come at a better time.
“I'm back! This is what back looks like,” she declared to the crowd of teachers and counselors, who attended the collaborative event between the American School Counselor Association and Obama's Reach Higher initiative—according to People.
Paul Morigi/Getty Images
Obama thanked the educators for their service, especially during our turbulent political climate, where poor behavior is "modeled in public," and creates an unsettled school environment.
“Trust me, I know this work isn't easy, especially right now,” Obama said. “I know there's a lot of anxiety out there. And there's no denying our kids, what they see on TV, the kind of behavior being modeled in public life, that, yes impacts their behavior and their character.”
She continued: “But at times like this, the work that you all are doing is even more urgent. Even more critically important. You all have the power to teach kids what it means to go high when others go low."
Obama's words mirrored her speech from the 2016 Democratic National Convention, but in her signature diplomatic style, she didn't call out Trump by name.
Sometimes you don't know what you have until it's gone. And, oh how we've missed you, Michelle!
Glass or no Glass?
Asus says that the ZenFone 5Z is covered in 2.5D curved glass at both front and back; however, it seems that the company has used some sort of high-quality plastic with glass finish to construct the handset. The front fascia of the smartphone is occupied by the large edge-to-edge IPS LCD display, which has minimal bezels on all four sides offering a screen-to-body ratio of 90%. The smartphone has a thickness of 7.7mm.
The rear of the smartphone sports a vertically stacked dual-lens camera setup that sticks out a few mm. There's a fingerprint scanner at the center and the entire glass panel has Asus' concentric Zen circles that add to the visual appeal. And even though the ZenFone 5Z sports a glass rear panel, it comes sans wireless charging. Besides, the design is also not water resistant.
The volume rockers and the power button is placed on the right side and the bottom holds the 3.55 mm headphone jack, speaker grille and USB Type C charging port. Overall, Asus ZenFone 5Z is a well-constructed device but does not feel as premium as OnePlus 6.
Zenfone 5Z will be available in Meteor Silver and Midnight Blue.
6.2-inch 1080p (Full HD+) Display with the infamous Notch
The ‘Notch' is here to stay and can also be seen on the new Asus ZenFone 5Z. The flagship smartphone sports a large 6.2-inch Full HD+ display that offers a resolution of 2,246-by-1,080-pixels. This translates to 402 PPI, which makes the text, videos and pictures crisp and sharp. Unlike the OnePlus 6 that uses an AMOLED screen, the Asus ZenFone 5Z boasts an IPS LCD panel. Resultant, the colors might not look as vibrant as they appear on OnePlus 6; however, the screen is very bright and crisp. We are yet to test how the IPS LCD panel on Asus ZenFone 5Z performs under direct sunlight, so stay tuned on Gizbot.com.
Power of Artificial Intelligence and best-in-class hardware
Under the hood, the ZenFone 5Z is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor and will be available in three different configurations-4GB RAM/64GB storage, 6GB RAM/128GB storage, and 8GB RAM/256GB storage. The performance across the RAM variants will be smooth and lag free. What differentiates ZenFone 5Z from OnePlus 6 is the additional intelligence that has been added by injecting the power of machine learning. Artificial Intelligence constantly measures the ZenFone 5Z functions and amplifies performance whenever required.
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 CPU delivers up to 30 % improved graphical performance and is also 30 % power efficient as compared to previous Qualcomm flagship chipset.
Asus ZenFone 5Z also supports Qualcomm AptX standard for audio, Hi-Res audio, and dtxheadphone standard for in-ear audio enhancements. Asus will also ship a pair of high-quality headphones with 3-microphone noise cancellation in the package, which gives ZenFone 5Z a lead over the OnePlus 6 as the latter ships sans headphones.
Asus ZenFone 5Z runs Android 8.0 Oreo with company's ZenUI. The company's custom UI has got some refinements to make the overall software experience polished and lag free. We will find out how the new flagship performs in everyday situations in the comprehensive review of the smartphone.
Dual-lens AI Camera with 120-degree wide-angle view
Asus ZenFone 5Z sports a 12MP+8MP dual-lens camera setup that features a Sony IMX363 sensor and works on a f/1.8 aperture. The camera module supports OIS, EIS, PDAF and can also shoot in RAW. What I really liked about the ZenFone 5Z's camera setup is its 8MP secondary shooter that gives 120-degree wide angle view. This makes the phone an interesting device for landscape and street photography. Besides, AI plays a vital role in the camera's functionality. The AI detects the light and various other conditions and modifies the camera's settings to deliver the best possible images.
During our brief testing, we found that the smartphone captures good images in the well-lit environment. The images show impressive detailing, vibrant colors and good contrast levels. The wide-angle view is an icing on the cake. Asus ZenFone 5Z sports an 8MP selfie camera that works on f/2.0 aperture and captures decent selfies. We will spend some more time with the smartphone to test its true camera potential.
Battery and Connectivity
Asus ZenFobe 5Z is powered by a 3,300 mAh battery unit and also comes with QuickCharge 3.0 support. The smartphone ships with an 18W charger and Asus claims that it can refuel the battery to upto 60% in 38 minutes. The Artificial intelligence is also said to improve the battery life of the smartphone. For connectivity, Asus ZenFone 5Z offers the latest Bluetooth 5.0, Wi-Fi, NFC, dual 4G VoLTE and FM Radio.
Verdict
Asus ZenFone 5Z seems like a great value for money deal. At a starting price of Rs. 29,999, the smartphone offers top-of-the-line CPU, plenty of RAM, capable dual-lens camera setup and the power of Artificial intelligence. The smartphone offers a large edge-to-edge IPS LCD screen and appreciable audio components for an enhanced multimedia experience. The smartphone can create some serious troubles for OnePlus 6 as it is priced Rs. 5k less for the entry-level variant and still offers the same hardware, an option to expand internal memory and also ships with a high-quality earphone in the package. We will soon test the smartphone in our labs for a comprehensive review of its performance and features. Stay tuned on Gizbot.com.
Bangladesh v India: Everything you need to know
India and Bangladesh meet in the ICC Champions Trophy semis at Edgbaston for a place against Pakistan, conquerors of England, in the final.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 22:14 IST
Holders India celebrates at the ICC Champions Trophy
Holders India will be favourites against Bangladesh on Thursday but as Pakistan proved against England, there are no guarantees in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-finals.
Virat Kohli's side are looking to retain the trophy having defeated England in the final at Edgbaston four years ago and they return to the same venue aiming to get one over on their neighbours and set up a meeting with another familiar foe.
Few fancied Pakistan to overturn the hosts in Wednesday's first semi-final, but a convincing eight-wicket win confounded the doubters and gave Bangladesh added hope of a second upset in as many days.
The Tigers will be desperate to avoid a repeat of the warm-up clash between the two nations prior to the tournament, which saw India smash 324-7 before rolling out their opponents for a paltry 84.
After suffering defeat to England in their opener, Bangladesh were saved by the rain as Australia closed in on victory. Needing a win over New Zealand to stay alive in the competition, Bangladesh recovered superbly from 33-4 in their chase of 266 as centuries from Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmudullah dumped out the Black Caps.
India, meanwhile, celebrated resounding victories over Pakistan and South Africa, either side of a surprise loss to Sri Lanka. Kohli's side have a wealth of big-game experience, while Bangladesh have never before reached the last four of a global ICC event. Could that disparity prove a deciding factor?
KEY PLAYERS:
Kohli took time in his media conference on Wednesday to hail Yuvraj Singh, who is set to make his 300th ODI appearance. The left-hander is rarely used as a bowler these days, but his powerful hitting in the middle order remains as destructive as ever.
Tamim Iqbal, Shakib and Mahmudullah have all shone with the bat for the Tigers, but Mosaddek Hossain could have another big role to play with the ball. Called into the side for the decisive game against New Zealand, the off-spinner took 3-13 from three overs to stem the Black Caps' momentum and ensure Bangladesh were chasing a manageable total.
PROBABLE LINE-UPS:
Bangladesh: Tamim Iqbal, Soumya Sarkar, Sabbir Rahman, Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Mahmudullah, Mosaddek Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Rubel Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman.
India: Rohit Sharma, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli (captain), Yuvraj Singh, MS Dhoni, Hardik Pandya, Kedar Jadhav, Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah.
LAST ODI MEETING:
With that warm-up debacle not officially counting as an ODI, we have to go back to June 2015 to find the last meeting between these two. Having already secured their maiden bilateral series win over India, Bangladesh were beaten in the dead-rubber of a three-match series. Shikhar Dhawan and MS Dhoni made half-centuries as India racked up 317-6 in Mirpur, before the hosts were dismissed for 240 to go down by 77 runs.
QUOTES:
"As we've seen in the league stages, a lot of teams have surprised the opposition, and we're certainly not taking anything for granted." - Kohli insists India are not taking Bangladesh lightly.
"Obviously we have been disappointed, especially in India the T20 World Cup where we couldn't go through three balls, needed two runs, and our best two batsmen in the wicket. It happens sometimes in cricket, but we forget it." - Bangladesh skipper Mashrafe Mortaza is eager to move on from last year's World T20 meeting, when the Tigers failed to get two runs from the final three balls and were eliminated.
OPTA STATS:
- Bangladesh have won two of their last three ODI matches against India ahead of this contest; this is the first encounter between them in the Champions Trophy, however.
- Bangladesh have progressed from the Champions Trophy group stage for the first time in their history; they took three points from their three group stage games (W1 L1 NR1).
- This is only the second time in India's last five appearances at the Champions Trophy that they've managed to progress beyond the group stage; they did go on to win it on that previous occasion though (2013).
- India have won their last four ODI matches in succession at Edgbaston whilst Bangladesh have lost both times they've played there in this format.
- Shikhar Dhawan has posted more runs than any other batsman across the 2013 and 2017 editions of the Champions Trophy (634); doing so at an average of 90.6.
- Virat Kohli is 88 away from reaching 8,000 ODI runs; AB de Villiers got to that milestone in a record 182 innings, Kohli's next knock will be his 175th.
MORRISTOWN, N.J. — A school bus driver facing two counts of vehicular homicide stemming from a crash this month on Interstate 80 was released pending trial Wednesday over the objections of prosecutors.
Hudy Muldrow sat silently in court for much of the two-hour, 30-minute detention hearing — a staple in criminal cases in New Jersey since the state did away with cash bail at the beginning of last year. In the gallery, several of Muldrow's friends and relatives nodded and clutched hands after the judge announced his decision. They declined to comment after the hearing.
State Superior Court Judge Stephen Taylor ordered Muldrow released from the Morris County jail, where he has been held since his arrest last week. He will be required to surrender his driver's license and report to court personnel twice a month.
Muldrow faces two counts of vehicular homicide stemming from the May 17 crash on Interstate 80 in western New Jersey. Morris County Assistant Prosecutor Matthew Troiano argued Muldrow had incentive to flee since a conviction on both counts, which carry a 10-year maximum sentence, could doom him to die in prison.
Muldrow was driving one of three buses taking fifth-graders on a field trip from a middle school in Paramus, about 15 miles northwest of New York City.
A criminal complaint alleges the 77-year-old Muldrow missed a turn for the Waterloo Village historic site and tried to make an illegal U-turn on the interstate. The bus collided with a dump truck, and the impact tore the bus apart. Muldrow's attorney on Wednesday argued there is no evidence his client was attempting to make a left turn onto the median in an area restricted for emergency vehicles.
Ten-year-old Miranda Vargas and 51-year-old teacher Jennifer Williamson were killed, and more than 40 others were injured, some seriously. Vargas' father and Williamson's husband attended Wednesday's hearing. Kevin Kennedy said in a handwritten statement that "Mrs. Jennifer Williamson-Kennedy gave everything to others every day and asked for nothing in return. Today, tomorrow and forever, may the world follow her example."
Much attention has been paid to Muldrow's driving history — he had his license suspended 14 times between 1975 and 2017, mostly for administrative reasons, according to state motor vehicle records. The most recent license suspension was in December for failing to pay parking tickets. He also had eight speeding violations between 1975 and 2001.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
On Wednesday, Muldrow's attorney, Matthew Reisig, defended it as an "above average" driving record and noted the speeding tickets spanned 43 years and none had resulted in a license suspension.
Troiano disagreed, calling Muldrow's driving record "atrocious."
Taylor noted that the court's pretrial assessment had recommended release, but he added the condition that Muldrow surrender his personal and commercial licenses.
"I'm not at all comfortable with Mr. Muldrow operating any sort of motor vehicle," he said.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
All eyes are on the next super-sized smartphone that Samsung's planning to unveil, but we may well see a new fitness tracker device alongside it later this month - reference to an as-yet-unannounced device called the Gear Fit Pro 2 has appeared on Samsung's website.
There are a lot - a lot - of changes coming in the Galaxy Note 8
A successor to the Gear Fit 2 then? The addition of a "Pro" label rather than an extra number suggests this is going to be a minor upgrade rather than a major overhaul, though there should be some bells and whistles to attract buyers.
Samsung's naming schemes for its wearables haven't often made sense and it's obviously not going to start now.
The reference, on a blank support page, was spotted by SamMobile, but that's about all we know about what's coming.
There's a good chance the wearable could launch alongside the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 on August 23, or maybe at the IFA event at the start of September.
Fitness first
This looks to be different to the new Samsung Gear smartwatch that's also in the pipeline, basically a Gear S3 with some extra fitness features.
This one is going to be more fitness tracker and less smartwatch, like the Gear Fit 2 it's supposedly replacing.
Samsung registered a "Gear Fit Pro" trademark back at the start of the year though details of what it might entail have been thin on the ground since.
We've also heard rumors that Samsung is planning to create a device that fuses the ideas of a smartwatch and a fitness tracker together, whatever that means.
Not much in the way of specs or price then, but don't be surprised if we see one or two wearables appear from Samsung in the next few weeks, catering to the serious athletes out there. On top of that we're still waiting for the Gear S4 too.
(ABC News) — After what is described as a lifetime of imprisonment in a cramped, squalid home near Riverside, California, seven of the 13 siblings who were allegedly held captive by their parents got their first taste of freedom last week, ABC News has exclusively learned.
The newly freed siblings — who are now adults — were discretely whisked away Thursday from the Corona Regional Medical Center, where they had been nursed back to health after police rescued them in January. After being described as on the brink of starvation, the survivors were taught the basics about a world police say they never quite experienced.
But now, the young adults, ages 18 to 29, were taken by their attorney and public guardian from the carefully controlled ward of the hospital to an undisclosed rural house they now call home.
ABC News has interviewed several people who've spent time with the siblings — whose lives until recently had been lived in near-complete isolation. Their native intelligence, coupled with their naiveté and complete lack of guile, makes them utterly charming, say those who've interacted with them.
Their lawyer, Jack Osborn, who specializes in clients with special needs, described it as their birth into the real world.
“The adult siblings want to be known as survivors, not victims,” said Osborn.
It's the reason he said they don't dwell on their anger, but on the long process of recovery ahead.
“They're joyful, warm, considerate. It's not all about them. They want to hear what's going on with you and me and my family,” he said. “It's just really fun. It's fun to be around them. Of course, they're really full of joy about their life and the things they get to experience right now.”
Related Content: Yo-Yo Ma played a private hospital show for the adult Turpin children
David and Louise Turpin, the parents of the children, are accused of abusing them, including shackling and starving them routinely, authorities said. The victims weren't released from their chains even to go to the bathroom, prosecutors have charged.
All the children except for the youngest, a toddler, were severely malnourished, prosecutors said. The eldest victim — a 29-year-old woman — weighed only 82 pounds when rescued, according to authorities.
ABC News has learned through several sources with access to the siblings and interviews with police and social services that what little food the siblings ate was predominately frozen food at home.
The parents were arrested in January after the couple's 17-year-old daughter scrambled out of their home's front window, called 911, and showed police pictures of her siblings in shackles, said the District Attorney Mike Hestrin. That 17-year-old had somehow accessed the internet in the weeks before her harrowing escape. ABC News has discovered that she had accounts on Twitter, Instagram and YouTube — where she performed what she called original songs with titles like “Where is the Key?”
David and Louise Turpin each face dozens of counts of torture, false imprisonment and child endangerment. Prosecutors say they would punish infractions like washing above the wrist with punishments like being hogtied or being shackled to a bed, sometimes for months at a time.
Now, the seven siblings who are free have enjoyed getting relative privacy for the first time in their lives -– including receiving their own bedding and having their own closet space, Osborn said.
In their first 24 hours since their release from the hospital, the older siblings picked citrus for the first time. They also made their first ice cream sundaes and prepared Mexican food, apparently all firsts, Osborn added.
“They pretty much love any food that is fresh. They love fruit, pasta and soup,” said Osborn.
Mark Uffer, the chief executive officer of the Corona Regional Medical Center, where some of the siblings were being treated, confirmed to ABC News in a statement that the Turpin siblings had been discharged from their facilities.
Related Content: California couple charged with torture of kids due in court
Uffer added that they “wish these brave siblings continued strength as they take the next steps in their journey.”
Beyond tasting new food, the siblings spend their time doing various kinds of occupational, physical and psychological therapy. They also watch movies. A lot of them.
Osborn believes they didn't have much access to movies despite their parents' trove of thousands of DVDs. The siblings' favorite movies so far have been anything associated with the “Star Wars” series.
While several of them have been of driving age for about a decade, their lawyer says none has ever driven a car. Trips in a vehicle at all seemed to be a rarity, Osborn said.
The prospect of driving a car one day was, in fact, so novel that the boys joked that they'd need to wear football helmets for safety.
Related Content: Case of shackled kids revives home-school regulation debate
Meanwhile, the siblings are aware of their parents' legal jeopardy, but have no idea how much interest their story has drawn, Osborn said.
He added that they all hope to lead normal lives, with spouses and careers, including being nurses and doctors.
“Some asked whether they could be nurses without having to give injections or seeing much blood,” he said, smiling.
His clients, he said, “want to be independent.”
“They want to do things for themselves and they want to start having independent lives where they're responsible for themselves,” he added. “That's the goal and that's what everyone is working toward.”
Attacks on health facilities and health workers in Syria are likely more common than previously reported, and local data collectors can help researchers more accurately measure the extent and frequency of these attacks, according to a new study published this week in PLOS Medicine.
Violent attacks on hospitals, ambulances, health workers, and patients in conflict areas are grave violations of international humanitarian law and can cripple health systems during the time they are needed most. Documenting these attacks is important to identify strategies to keep patients and healthcare workers safe, influence policy, and promote justice. However, a systematic and consistent method for verifying and quantifying these acts has been lacking.
In this new study, Rohini Haar of the School of Public Health, University of California, Berkeley, USA, Leonard Rubenstein of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, USA and colleagues at the Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS) developed a standardized reporting tool available on mobile phones to verify field reports and count attacks on medical providers and facilities. Data collectors used the tool to record basic information on attacks on hospitals, transports, healthcare workers, and patients and report the information to data managers through a secure messaging system. They found more than 200 attacks on healthcare in 2016 in four northern governorates of Syria. In total, 112 health workers and 185 patients were killed in these incidents, and 176 of the attacks were on hospitals and other healthcare facilities. A separate database of healthcare attacks, developed by Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) and based primarily on media reports, counted incidents at health facilities independently. Among 90 facility attacks verified by PHR and 177 by SAMS, there were 60 that could be matched to each other, demonstrating that no one methodology is capturing all the incidents that have occurred.
The authors note that not all data collectors used the mobile phone app, and that complexities of data collection in conflict settings will limit accuracy of the data. Still, they note that this study "... demonstrates the capacity of locally based organizations and data collectors, in collaboration with physicians and other health staff, to contribute to documentation of attacks on health using a mobile systematic data collection application and act as potent agents to report and chronicle this violence."
In an accompanying Perspective, Michael Spagat of the Royal Holloway University of London, discusses the difficulties of conflict research, and stresses the need to continue developing accurate measures of violent acts.
###
Research Article
Funding:
The MacArthur Foundation (LR) and the Oak Foundation (LR) generously supported the initial development of the mobile data collection tool and subsidized the initial data collection by the data collectors. Publication was made possible in part by support from the Berkeley Research Impact Initiative (BRII) sponsored by the UC Berkeley Library. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests:
I have read the journal's policy and the authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: LR notes another ongoing research project with SAMS. The other authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Citation:
Haar RJ, Risko CB, Singh S, Rayes D, Albaik A, Alnajar M, et al. (2018) Determining the scope of attacks on health in four governorates of Syria in 2016: Results of a field surveillance program. PLoS Med 15(4): e1002559. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002559
Author Affiliations:
School of Public Health, University of California, Berkeley, California, United States of America
Department of International Health, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland, United States of America
Department of Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, Massachusetts, United States of America
Center for Public Health and Human Rights, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland, United States of America
Syrian American Medical Society, Gaziantep, Turkey
Physicians for Human Rights, New York, New York, United States of America
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
http://journals. plos. org/ plosmedicine/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002559
Perspective
Funding:
The author received no specific funding for this work.
Competing Interests:
The author declares that no competing interests exist.
Citation:
Spagat M (2018) Attacks on medical workers in Syria: Implications for conflict research. PLoS Med 15(4): e1002560. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002560
Author Affiliations:
Department of Economics, Royal Holloway University of London, Egham, Surrey, United Kingdom
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
CAMBRIDGE — A $1.8-million project to create digital maps of the floodplain using cutting-edge laser technology will allow the Grand River Conservation Authority to forecast, in almost real time, how a flooding river will act downstream and which areas are at imminent risk.
The authority plans to map most of the floodplains for the Speed and Conestogo rivers, as well as the entire floodplain of the Grand River over the next five years using sophisticated LiDAR technology, which bounces laser beams from a plane and measures the distance the light travels to create a highly detailed 3D map.
The technology, which stands for light detection and ranging, is used for everything from mapping archeological sites in dense jungle to mapping the sea floor and helping driverless cars navigate their surroundings.
Most of the authority's existing floodplain mapping is on hard copies on plastic sheets, and many of those maps are more than 40 years old.
"It's fantastic. It's exciting," said authority spokesperson Cam Linwood. Having digital maps will allow the authority to tie in the maps with new flood forecasting software from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and provide real-time flood forecasts.
That kind of accurate, up-to-the-minute information can be crucial, Linwood said, especially when a flood hits without much warning. That's what happened in June, when 100 mm of rain thundered down in the space of just two hours, dumping water into nearly full reservoirs and washing out local golf courses, parks and trails.
"It gives us the ability to communicate to our flood emergency response co-ordinators, and to understand which properties may or may not be affected, and who they should be notifying" when a flood is about to hit, Linwood said.
The LiDAR technology allows the authority to create three-dimensional pictures of not only the land around the river, but also models of the actual riverbed — where there are deep gullies, or where banks are shallow and water can easily spill over land. In 1975, there simply wasn't the technology to do that.
Updating the maps is important because "the river is dynamic," Linwood said. "The river does change over the years. It's certainly a different river than it was in the mid-'70s. There could be sandbars that didn't exist or debris that's moved downstream."
The mapping project has been in the works for some time, and wasn't prompted by calls for better flood warnings after the unexpected flood in June, Linwood said.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheryl is officially back on the X Factor.
The pop princess has returned to the ITV talent show to help out old pal - and former boss - Simon Cowell.
Cheryl stands proudly next to Simon in an official promotional image for the show.
She's set to make an appearance at the judges' houses stage of the competition, where she'll help Simon choose which three of his acts to take through to the live finals.
The 34-year-old, who welcomed her first child in March, a son named Bear with boyfriend Liam Payne, looks as stunning as ever.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: LiamxCheryl/Twitter)
She flashes just a smidge of her toned tummy in a black crop top, that she paired with a pair of high-waisted trousers with gold button detailing.
Her long brunette locks hang in loose curls down her back and she's accessorised with some bold statement jewellery.
Simon is wearing his signature jeans and white shirt that's unbuttoned down to his pecs.
Rumours of Cheryl's return to X Factor have been swirling for months - and on Friday, a picture appeared to confirm it.
It showed a brunette beauty sitting in the chair having her hair and make-up done, getting glammed up and camera-ready.
It was shared on Instagram by Cheryl's hair stylist Daya Ruci, and fans thought they knew exactly who it is.
(Image: LiamxCheryl/Twitter)
(Image: Getty)
Daya shared the snap, writing: "#hairfordays guess who! #holidaymood #grilledcheesesandwich"
And fans immediately began commenting that it was their "Queen" Cheryl.
"Our chezza off course," said one dedicated follower.
While another commented: "Hair goals! Love! Love! Love!"
And another wrote: "She's so so stunning! And her hair is gorgeous"
Cheryl - who is officially a Tweedy again after reverting back to her maiden name - is joining the music mogul at a mansion in the South of France.
(Image: LiamxCheryl/Twitter)
(Image: Splash News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cheryl knows all about this stage of the competition, being tasked with thinning the herd herself when she was a judge on the ITV talent show .
The Fight For This Love singer, 34, is joining Simon, 57, at the Chateau Diter, just outside Cannes.
The impressive property boasts a swimming pool, expansive gardens, and not one, but two helipads.
Viewers may recognise the lavish mansion, which was featured on Sky Atlantic series Riviera, which starred Julia Stiles.
(Image: ITV2)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Cheryl is returning to the show after a two-year hiatus.
Cheryl was a judge on The X Factor from 2008 to 2010, and again from 2014 to 2015.
She also joined the US version in 2011 before being brutally axed just weeks into the series.
Cheryl led two of her acts to victory - Alexandra Burke in 2008 and fellow Geordie Joe McElderry in 2009.
Netflix just announced earlier this month that Stranger Things is officially getting a third season. However, fans are going to have to wait a long time to watch any new episodes. According to David Harbour (better known as Hawkins' Chief Hopper), the next season might not air until 2019.
"One of the things that's annoying for fans is that it takes us a long time to do them," he told Variety in a new interview. "Like, you probably won't get [Season 3] until sometime in 2019."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Harbour assured that, "like any good thing," Stranger Things 3 will "need time" be completed. The showrunners, Matt and Ross Duffer, "work so hard," the actor added. "They just sit in their apartment and write for 12, 14 hours a day."
Though the news is tough to hear, Stranger Things' delayed premiere date shouldn't come as a surprise. When the show's second season premiered at the end of October, Matt Duffer revealed that he and his brother were only two days into writing Season 3.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Season 2 began production in November 2016, wrapped up in June 2017, and premiered in late October. Considering that time frame, Season 3 might not begin production until mid-2018, makes the 2019 premiere date seem even more likely.
The Duffer Brothers haven't confirmed any major plot points yet, but one thing's certain: There will be a time jump, because the show's child stars are growing up. "They're going to be almost a year older by the time we start shooting season three," Matt told The Hollywood Reporter.
"It forces you to do a time jump. But what I like is that it makes you evolve the show. It forces the show to evolve and change, because the kids are changing," he later added.
It looks like Season 3 is going to be worth the long wait.
Walter Pincus: “What did the President know, and when did he know it? For those of us who went through Watergate, that question, first posed by Sen. Howard Baker (R-TN), is the one most relevant today as the current White House drama unfolds … At 6:28 a.m. yesterday morning, Trump wrote from the White House: ‘The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?'”
“That presidential tweet should make people uneasy, the way we felt nervous during Watergate about what military actions President Nixon might undertake as the truth began to threaten him personally. Trump was initiating what can only be described as a typical attempt to divert his roughly 25 million followers from paying attention to what he and his own White House has been caught doing.”
Dear Friends, This year the Hobie 2017 Multi Worlds & Europeans will be held in Noordwijk, Holland (a.k.a. ‘the beach of Amsterdam') on the 20-29 July and we are proud to announce that we are once again sponsoring the event. We will be supporting ZV Noordwijk, in partnership with VR Sport Media, in the production of daily social media and video reports, and we will also be offering 2x one week holidays to our Vassiliki centre and 2x one-week holidays to our Mauritius centre as prizes (all excluding flights). Hobie 16 European Championships 2001 at Wildwind in Vassilik On-the-water The classes at the event will be: World Championships –Hobie 14, Hobie Wild Cat, Hobie Tiger and Hobie FX One. European Championships – Hobie Dragoon, Hobie 16 youth spi, Hobie 16 EHCA Spi cup, Hobie 16 Women, Hobie 16 Masters, Hobie 16 Grand Masters, Hobie 16 Great Grand Masters, Hobie 16 Open (gold and silver fleet). Our very own Founder, Simon Morgan, will be competing at the event in the Hobie 16 Masters, Grand Masters & Great Grand Masters classes. Off-the-water activities The village of Noordwijk is ideally positioned between Amsterdam and The Hague, both approx 30 minutes away. The cities offer a wide range of museums, shops, bars and restaurants. Even closer are Leiden and Haarlem, smaller in size but still with a vibrant city centre, worth a visit. Noordwijk also offers a unique experience – Space Expo is based next to the European Space Agency's research center. At Space Expo you can experience the history and future of space odysseys. The museum Oud Noordwijk shows you the local life and customs from the early 20th century while museum Veldzicht is dedicated to the growth of herbs in earlier centuries. Organisers have some exciting ideas for other activities, possibilities are hot tubs on the beach, decorated with palm trees and cocktails. Also SUP and wave surfing will be available. There will not be a shortage of food and drink at the organised parties as well as on other days. More details will be published soon. This is an event not to be missed! Register now and benefit from a low entry fee until 31 January 2017 – www.hobieworlds.com Special Offers Our 30th anniversary Vassiliki season kicks off on Saturday May 6th. Our 30th anniversary celebration party and the Vassiliki Watersports Festival will be from 26 June - 2 July – we promise you an awesome party with a special BBQ on the Tuesday night, and a David Bowie cover band plus support playing in Vassilliki village on the Saturday night. As usual we are running our Catamaran and Laser intensive training weeks at the start of the season. Catamaran dates are 14-21 May and 21-28 May. Laser dates now 7-14 May, and 21-28 May (May 14-21 Laser week already sold out!). Please note that if you book before the end of January for any holiday in May and you are a solo traveller we offer you your own room with half the normal single room surcharge. OR, come along on a 'Willing to Share' basis and we will offer you £65 off your holiday. By the way we now have some great new accommodation options including some self-catering apartments, studios and luxury villas for the first time. Have a look at our accommodation pages to find out more. For more details on Wildwind Sailing Holidays please contact John or Ann on 0844 499 2898 or visit wildwind.co.uk
Jason Barrett, a long time sports talk radio industry administrator who now does consulting and oversees the trade site SportsRadioPD.com, joins the podcast to discuss the ongoing development Mike Francesa is reportedly returning to afternoon drive at WFAN. We discussed:
Did Francesa and WFAN both cave? With both sides having two years to figure their next moves, shouldn't better situations for both of them have materialized?
Will we ever find out who mounted a campaign against Francesa's return?
What happens when Francesa leaves again, or if he loses a ratings book to the Michael Kay Show?
Deep down, are Michael Kay, Peter Rosenberg, and Don LaGreca happy they get another shot at Francesa, or not happy they'll have to contend with him again?
Could ESPN also potentially apply the Spaceballs reverse vacuum to revert Mike & Mike down the road?
Hope you enjoy!
Podcast produced by Michael Shamburger
PAST GLASS HALF EMPTY PODCASTS:
▶ Steve Levy Talks SportsCenter Production and Evolution, Aspiration to Call NBA Game on Radio
▶ A Conversation With Bo Ryan
▶ James Jones Discusses Breaking News for NFL Network, Aaron Rodgers Contract, Odell Beckham Jr.
▶ Nate Robinson Talks Flag Football, Evolution of Basketball, Mike D'Antoni Renaissance
▶ A Conversation With Dave Finocchio, CEO and Co-Founder of Bleacher Report
▶ David Ortiz on MLB Opening Day, If Red Sox Called Him Last Year, Disagrees With Boston's Rep as Racist City
▶ DeAndre Hopkins Discusses Deshaun Watson, Idea of Dabo Swinney as NFL Coach, Last Meal on Earth
▶ Lisa Byington Discusses Broadcasting Over 30 College Basketball Games This March
▶ A Conversation With Barstool Founder Dave Portnoy
▶ A 14-Hour Day With Peter King During Super Bowl Week
▶ Darren Rovell Describes How He Manicures His Super Bowl Tweets
▶ A Conversation With Nick Wright
▶ Barstool CEO Erika Nardini Discusses SiriusXM Radio Launch, Revenue Diversity, Controversies
▶ Cassidy Hubbarth Talks Christmas NBA, Buckets, and Mentors at ESPN
▶ Jim Ross Discusses Muhammad Ali, Braun Strowman, Roman Reigns, Jericho-Omega, and Baker Mayfield
▶ Joel Klatt Talks B1G Championship Game, Greg Schiano, Ohio State Vs. Alabama Playoff Decision
▶ Rachel Nichols Discusses NBA Landscape, ‘The Jump' Ethos, NBA Vs. NFL
▶ Dan Patrick Discusses Sports Broadcasting School, ESPN, Bucket List Interviews
▶ Brandi Rhodes Discusses Ring of Honor, First Dates With Cody, WAGS Atlanta
▶ Fox Sports and Dodgers Announcer Joe Davis Talks World Series, Career Trajectory
▶ A Candid Conversation With Sean McDonough
▶ Jay Bilas Helps Us Make Sense of the FBI / NCAA Madness
▶ A Conversation With Ring of Honor COO Joe Koff
▶ '85 Bears LB Otis Wilson Talks Buddy Ryan, Confrontation With Ditka, Super Bowl Shuffle
▶ Bruce Feldman Talks JT Barrett, Jim Harbaugh Colts Speculation, Coach O, and Mechanics of Sideline Reporting
▶ CBS Analyst Aaron Taylor Discusses Brian Kelly Hot Seat, Winning and Losing Super Bowl, 8-Team Playoff
▶ A Media Chat With SI's Richard Deitsch and Sports TV Ratings Founder Robert Seidman
▶ Josina Anderson Discusses Ezekiel Elliott, Kaepernick, Reporting Process, and Ascent at ESPN
▶ Alexi Lalas Talks MLS All-Star Game Vs. Real Madrid, Promotion / Relegation, and Christian Pulisic Ceiling
▶ Seth Davis Explains Why He Joined The Athletic, Believes in Market for National College Coverage
▶ Media Armageddon: Where Do We Go From Here? A Talk With Jason McIntyre and Crossing Broad Founder Kyle Scott
▶ David Kaplan Talks Cubs Book, Hawks Vs. Bulls, and Ill-Fated Shawn Kemp for Scottie Pippen Trade Scoop
▶ Discussing the Future of FS1 With Sporting News Media Reporter Michael McCarthy
▶ Ramona Shelburne Discusses LaVar Ball Kayfabe, LeBron to the Lakers?, and Her Career Ascent
▶ Ira Berkow on Watching Baseball With Obama, Covering Marge Schott, Billy Martin, and Trump
▶ The Ringer Editor-At-Large Bryan Curtis Discusses Jamie Horowitz's Content Legacy at FS1 and ESPN
▶ Ozzie Smith Discusses Web Gems, African-Americans in Baseball, and Tony La Russa
▶ Sports Business Journal's John Ourand Discusses How ESPN Got Where It Is, And Where It's Going
▶ Breaking Down Connor Schell Promotion at ESPN With Sporting News Media Reporter Michael McCarthy
▶ A U.S. Open Preview with Dave Kindred and Michael Kornheiser
▶ Jalen Rose Discusses the Ascent of Durant and the Kurse of the Kardashians
▶ A Sports Media Discussion With Bryan Curtis, Editor-at-Large at The Ringer
▶ Vince Wilfork Talks BBQ Ribs, Retirement Odds, and Belichick
▶ SI's Richard Deitsch Discusses ESPN Layoffs, Bayless Tweets, WWE, Simmons, Nolan, and Barstool
▶ Dustin Johnson Discusses Injury Recovery, Improved Putting and Wedges, and How He Met Paulina
▶ Mike Florio on Zeke/Jerry/Goodell, Browns Smokescreens, and Richard Sherman Trade Spots
▶ ESPN's Andy North Talks Lexi Thompson, The Masters, and The Badgers
▶ Chad Millman Discusses Chicago Fans and the Process of Planning the Front Page of ESPN.com
▶ CBS Sports Reporter Tracy Wolfson Talks Final Four, “Stealing Plays,” and Work/Life Balance
▶ Turner Sports Host Ernie Johnson Is in an Insanely Busy Stretch
▶ Turner/CBS Analyst Grant Hill Talks Coach K and Grayson Allen, Lonzo and LaVar Ball, NBA Rest
▶ Michael Kornheiser Talks Launching Tony's Podcast, 2017 Golf Landscape
▶ A Conversation With Joe Buck
▶ Breaking Down Packers Victory and Broadcasting Aspirations With AJ Hawk
▶ Dan Wetzel Talks Chargers-to-LA, UFC Lawsuit, Ronda Rousey, and His Triumph Over Marriott
▶ CBS Sports Host Adam Schein Discusses OBJ and Giants in Miami, Juggling a Half-Dozen Jobs
▶ Aaron Nagler's Journey from Private Equity PR to Packers Media Maven for USA Today Network
▶ Jeff Van Gundy Discusses Cavs-Warriors, Russell Westbrook, and Why Patrick Ewing Hasn't Gotten Head Coach Shot
▶ Fox Sports Host Rob Stone: Five Events in Three Sports All Over the Continent Since Last Week
▶ Jalen Rose Discusses His Trajectory at ESPN
▶ Why Does Doug Gottlieb Think NCAA Players Shouldn't Be Able to Play Right Away Elsewhere If Coaches Leave?
▶ Fox Sports Host Rob Stone Talks USA-Mexico and Network's 2018 World Cup Coverage Plans
▶ Fox Sports Host Kevin Burkhardt Talks World Series, Working With A-Rod, Pete Rose, + Frank Thomas
▶ Cari Champion Signs New Multi-Year Deal With ESPN, Discusses Expanded SportsCenter + More
▶ Scott Van Pelt on What's Gone Right in a Year of Midnight SportsCenter
▶ Colin Cowherd Discusses His New Digital Venture
▶ Fox Sports Soccer Analyst Alexi Lalas Talks Timbers-Sounders, Champions League, and Hope Solo
▶ A Conversation With Kristine Leahy, Broadcaster on American Ninja Warrior and FS1's The Herd
▶ Felix Salmon Dissects the Ramifications of Gawker's Bankruptcy Filing
▶ Talking All Things Media With CNN Poly-Platformist Brian Stelter
▶ Copa America 2016: Rob Stone of Fox Sports Breaks Down the Nuts and Bolts
▶ The Pro Wrestling Reporter Who Left TMZ to Start Up His Own Shop
▶ Rockets Need a Rebuild; Is Daryl Morey the Right Person for that Job?
▶ Richard Deitsch Talks Bayless, Tirico, and Possible First Take Replacements
▶ A Conversation With Sarah Spain
▶ Ahman Green Talks About Brett Favre, Aaron Rodgers, and Eddie Lacy
▶ Nicole Auerbach Discusses Tyler Summitt's Resignation, and the Aftermath
▶ Mike Florio: Average Fans Should Care About Josh Gordon Confidentiality Breach (Previous podcasts with Florio on Deflategate and his own career are here and here)
▶ Dave Kindred Shares Memories of Covering The Masters for 50 Years
▶ Turner Sports Announcer Brian Anderson Talks NCAA Tourney, Career, and Hank the Dog
▶ Chris Russo Talks One-Night Mike and the Mad Dog Reunion, Adam LaRoche, and Tom Brady
▶ Should LeBron Bear More Responsibility for Love and Kyrie “Fitting In?” (With Cleveland sports talk host Anthony Lima)
▶ Sally Jenkins Talks Tennessee, NCAA Pay, Deflategate, Joe Paterno, and Lance Armstrong
▶ What Does PC Twitter Even Mean? (With Jason McIntyre and Barstool's Big Cat)
▶ A Conversation With Linda Cohn, Whose Record 5000th SportsCenter Is on the Horizon
▶ Woj Discusses Launching The Vertical, LeBron and Blatt, and What Would Make Hacking Stop
▶ Barstool and Its Bloggers Bet on Mainstream Viability
▶ Would Jay Bilas Advise Leonard Fournette and Christian McCaffrey to Sit Out Next Season?
▶ Asking Darren Rovell If and When LeBron James Will Be a Billionaire
▶ Peter King Talks NFL Refs, MMQB*
▶ Peter Mehlman Compares and Contrasts Crafting Novel With Writing for Howard Cosell and Seinfeld
▶ Christine Brennan's Talks About Greg Hardy, NFL Media, and Advice for Young Writers
▶ A Conversation With Michael Wilbon
▶ Bill Plaschke Talks About Lamar Odom and the Curse of the Kardashians
▶ Was Urban Meyer Okay With Players Asking Taylor Swift Out?
▶ Ex-Vikings Mascot Ragnar Tells His Side of the Story
▶ Brett Taylor, the Cubs Blogger Who Left a Big Law Firm
▶ Gary Sheffield Talks MLB Playoffs, Harper-Papelbon, and Hall of Fame
▶ Scott Van Pelt Talks Midnight SportsCenter, Madison As Best College Sports Town in America
▶ Matthew Berry Has Like 45 Jobs
▶ Jim Ross Talks About His Live Show, Roddy Piper, and Steroids in Hollywood
▶ Clay Travis Talks SEC Media Days, New Deal With Fox Sports, and the Confederate Flag
▶ A Long Conversation With Frank Deford
▶ Does Sarah Spain worry that her politics will make her polarizing?
▶ David Purdum talks about Tony Romo, fantasy football, and the NFL's gambling hypocrisies
▶ Dan Le Batard talks about his career, Papi, and Bill Simmons
▶ Kenny Smith before the NBA conference finals
The federal government has formed a joint committee comprising members from both houses of parliament to review accountability laws related to voluntary returns and plea bargaining, including Section 25 of National Accountability Ordinance.
This comes in the wake of an ongoing public debate on the same after country's premiere accountability organistaion, National Accountability Bureau (NAB), accepted a plea bargain from Balochistan Secretary Finance Mushtaq Raisani in a corruption case for a fraction of the amount he has was accused of. Leaders in both government and opposition spoke against the law which triggered a discussion on the applicability validity of the law on these provisions.
Minister for Law and Justice Zahid Hamid told a meeting of the Senate Standing Committee on Law and Justice here at the Parliament House that the members of the committee comprise of the Senate and National Assembly who would review these laws, specially section 25 which deals with voluntary return and plea bargaining.
After the statement of the minister, the Committee, which met under the chairmanship of Senator Javed Abbasi, deferred further discussion on the matter. The meeting was held over a motion raised by Senator Farhatullah Babar.
The Senator gave his detailed point of view on the issue. He said that NAB law was used for political re-engineering and there should be no sacred cows if the law is to be reviewed.
NAB representatives briefed the committee about the issue of voluntary returns and plea bargaining. They informed that the concept of plea bargaining is not new in criminal proceedings, in fact it is used in different accountability and prosecution systems of the world.
The Bureau has recovered Rs285 billion since its inception, including the amount it recovered under VR/PB. As stated by NAB Spokesman Nawazish Ali Asim, from 2012 to 2016, the Bureau has recovered Rs20.19064 billion under voluntary returns and Rs15.16456 billion under plea bargain, a total of Rs37.3722 billion under both heads.
The Chairman of the Committee said that time is ripe to review the law comprehensively.
The Committee also considered ‘The Constitution (Amendment) Bill 2016', introduced by Senator Sassui Palijo and Senator Mukhtiar Ahmed Dhamrah. Senator Sassui Palijo said that regional languages need to be given a proper recognition which would help promote national integration and build a strong federation. She said that a number of movements are going on in the country demanding national status for regional languages.
Senator Farooq H Naek also emphasised that it would help strengthen democracy in the country and would alleviate sense of deprivation among provinces.
It was informed that Senator Karim Ahmed Khawaja has also moved a similar bill. The Committee decided to consider both these bills together in the next meeting.
The meeting was attended by Leader of the Opposition in the Senate Ch Aitzaz Ahsan besides Senators Saleem Zia, Mrs Zahida Khan, Farooq H Naek, Dr Muhammad Ali Khan Saif, Farhatullah Babar, Sassui Palijo and Mukhtiar Ahmed Dhamrah. Senior officers of minister of law, NAB and others were also present on the occasion.
Kim Kardashian's upcoming makeup line will include contour kits (obviously), the reality star revealed. During a backstage interview at the Forbes Women's Summit, she teased what to look out for in her new beauty brand, which she announced yesterday.
KKW Beauty will launch on June 21 with a cream-based contour kit, Kardashian told Forbes. It includes a highlighter kit and a dual-ended brush convenient for blending.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I change my looks up all the time, but the one thing that's consistent is contour," Kim explained.
CLOSE UP A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on May 4, 2017 at 10:54am PDT
But makeup fans shouldn't fret; she plans to release more items inspired by her favorite makeup products in the near future, hopefully as often as once a month.
"Hopefully every month we'll have a drop of another product," she said. "I'm focusing on skin, and the contouring, and concealer—and all my favorite things will be coming out soon."
Kim already dropped a hint at the next item on Snapchat when she shared a photo from a KKW fragrance meeting.
Kim Kardashian / Snapchat
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The KKW Beauty products are made locally in California, at a location accessible enough that Kim can drop in and see how production is going. She revealed that her home is currently flooded with cosmetics samples. "You should see my house at home is filled with every shade," she said.
The restocking is Live on KylieCosmetics.com KKW X KYLIE collab available now A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 28, 2017 at 3:20pm PDT
Kim explained that creating her own cosmetics line was something she and her makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic had thought about for a long time, especially after discovering her favorite products throughout the years. She was also encouraged after seeing the reception of her collaboration of nude lipsticks with Kylie Jenner in April. But she revealed that she was already planning her own line before that release. "I mean, this was in the works a little bit before that," she said.
"After 10 years of getting my makeup done every single day, you'd think that I would know a little bit about makeup," she said. "And so I really have put that knowledge into action and production."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Channel 4's super slimmer has revealed the new diet that helped him shed eight stone and transform from fat to fit.
Daniel Wheeler, 32, star of Super Slimmers , claims the 80/20 diet he devised helped him lose weight and he now believes that plan could help others too.
His 80/20 diet is based on counting calories 80% of the time and eating 'whatever you like' for the rest of it.
The celebrity fitness guru said that allowing a little of what you like increases the chances of people sticking to their diet so they can drop weight quickly and sustainably.
Daniel once weighed 22st and medics said he was 'severely obese' but he turned his life around and is now a fitness guru, even featuring on the front of Men's Health magazine and Channel 4.
And his recent star turn on Super Slimmers has proved to be a more positive brush with the bright lights of television than his encounter with ITV's Loose Women was in 2016.
He accused the show of 'treating him like and piece of meat' after he was dropped for refusing to take his top off.
(Image: MENS HEALTH)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
He was invited to appear on the show to talk about how he lost eight stone in two years and set up his personal training business.
But he said producers wanted a topless catwalk turn and when he refused they axed him.
“They asked if they could film me working out topless and I said no. Then they emailed and said I had been dropped.
"I felt objectified as a man. It's double standards – can you imagine if it was Top Gear and Katie Price was dropped for refusing to take her top off?
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
But now, Daniel, from Surrey, has launched his new diet and promises remarkable results for anyone willing to sign up to the 'lifestyle plan' online .
Daniel stressed that changing people's mindsets was key to successfully battling the bulge.
He promotes moderation and says that 'nothing is ever restricted'.
The personal trainer said that before his transformation from fat to fit he would binge on carrier bags of sweets and eat takeaways every night.
He tried to diet never found one he could stick to.
(Image: Life Changing Fitness)
Then one day in the shower he noticed that he could no longer see his feet and decided to focus entirely on getting healthy and fit.
He quit his job in marketing, trained as a personal trainer and studied nutrition.
He has now launched his 80:20 diet which he says was fundamental to his weight-loss success.
This diet involves eating healthy, calorie-tracked meals 80% of the time, and eating whatever you like 20% of the time, reports Mail Online .
No food is banned because if you can still eat a little of your favourite food you are more likely to stick to your diet the rest of the time.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
And the result of this is that you can drop a lot of weight in 16 weeks because you've stuck to it, he said.
He believes his diet plan could be the new 5:2. - a diet which has proved popular recently which dictates that you eat healthy food for the week but you can break out and have treats at the weekend.
After signing up to the plan online at the8020lifestyleplan.com , people pay £25 a month for four months (plus a £25 sign-up fee) to access the programme.
Clients then have an initial consultation with Daniel about their weight loss goals and lifestyle and works out a plan based on a set number of calories which they follow in the 80:20 pattern daily.
(Image: Life Changing Fitness)
And he said that a vital part of the programme is equipping people with the mental tools to take control of their weight.
The programme includes lessons in positive psychology and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) techniques to change the way they think about food.
Although exercise is not mandatory in the programme, Daniel does advise weight training and cardio.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — Jets safety Doug Middleton likely will miss significant time after suffering a pectoral tear in the fourth quarter of the team's first preseason game, coach Todd Bowles said Monday.
Middleton, who played with the second-string defense Saturday, injured himself while making a tackle on punt coverage in a 7-3 victory over the Titans. On Monday — the Jets' first practice since that game — Bowles confirmed it did not look good.
“He's going to get a second opinion first and come back and discuss that,” he said when asked if Middleton is destined for injured reserve. “But he's going to be out for a while.”
The Jets already have filled his position, claiming Robenson Therezie off waivers from the Saints on Sunday. Therezie assumes the third spot on the Jets' depth chart behind rookie Jamal Adams and Shamarko Thomas.
Forte close
Running back Matt Forte (hamstring) did not participate in a full practice but believes he is close to a return. He said the team is being cautious after he injured the same hamstring (in a different place) last year.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I don't want to go back out there immediately and go and injure it again,” he said. “Hamstrings are tricky. I had one last year and I came back out to practice and ended up injuring it. That's why it took multiple weeks, so I had to have it heal. I guess that was something to learn from. This year, I definitely have to let it heal all the way so I can go out there and not have any setbacks.”
Catanzaro struggles
The kicker competition between Chandler Catanzaro and Ross Martin seemed all but decided after Catanzaro struggled during practice Monday, but Bowles said not to read too much into it. Catanzaro missed field-goal tries of 25, 40 and 55 yards; Martin made all his attempts. Catanzaro also missed a 55-yarder in Saturday night's game. “If he performs under the lights, it's not a concern,'' Bowles said. “If he doesn't, then it is.”
Jet streams
Running back Bilal Powell (neck) participated in drills but not the full practice. . . Linebacker Freddie Bishop (neck) didn't practice and receiver Lucky Whitehead suffered a foot injury . . . The Jets signed receiver Dan Williams and waived receiver Deshon Foxx.
The RX10 III's 24-600mm Zeiss lens, coupled with Sony's excellent 1-inch sensor, deliver class-leading image quality. Its 4K and HD video functionality is also superb. It's a large, relatively heavy and pricey camera though, and is let down by its autofocus performance in some situations.
The Sony RX10 III was announced in March this year, less than a year after the RX10 II which, according to Sony, the new camera doesn't replace. The most noticeable difference is the inclusion of a variable aperture (f/2.4-4) mega zoom lens, with a reach of 600mm (25x optical and 100x digital zoom), and with this comes a substantial increase in size and weight.
[Update: The RX10 III has been replaced by the RX10 IV, which brings a host of improvements, most notably the increase to 24fps burst shooting and an improved AF system. The core features - including the design and built-in 24-600mm lens remain the same though.]
Like the RX10 II, the RX10 III is aimed at the serious enthusiast end of the market – photographers looking for ultimate image quality and telephoto reach in a bridge-style package.
Features
1.0-inch CMOS sensor, 20.1MP
24-600mm f/2.4-4 zoom lens
4K video capture
The RX10 III has the same 20.1MP 1-inch stacked Exmor CMOS sensor, and offers the same excellent 4K video functionality, as the RX10 II. In fact most features and functions are identical, and the main talking point is the large and impressive Zeiss 24-600mm lens. Only the Canon Powershot G3 X has the same reach, if we compare other bridge cameras with 1-inch sensors, with the much older Panasonic Lumix FZ1000 only going to 400mm.
Sony RX10 III specs Sensor: 20.1MP 1-inch Exmor RS CMOS sensor Lens: 24-600mm f/2.4-4 Screen: 3.0-inch tilt-angle screen, 1,288,800 dots Viewfinder: EVF with a 2.36-million-dot resolution Burst shooting: 14fps Autofocus: 25-point contrast-detect AF Video: 4K Connectivity: Wi-Fi and NFC Battery life: up to 420 shots Weight: 1,095g
The variable aperture of f/2.4-4 still makes this a pretty fast lens, certainly compared to the competition, and it boasts hugely impressive minimum focusing distances of 3cm at the wide end and 72cm at the long end.
As with other Sony compact and bridge cameras, a large range of shooting options and photo modes are included, with 3:2, 4:3, 16:9 and 1:1 formats for both raw and JPEG images. Maximum resolution is 5472 x 3648 pixels in its native 3:2 format. Sensitivity ranges from ISO100-12,800, expandable to ISO64-25,600.
Single shot autofocus (AFS), continuous (AFC), direct manual focus (DMF) and full manual focus (MF) are available, with Sony's very effective focus magnification and focus peaking options making the latter easy to use.
The EVF and tilting rear LCD are both high quality; the latter isn't a touchscreen, but unless you're using the camera on a tripod a touchscreen wouldn't be particularly practical given the size and weight of the camera.
Image 1 of 3 Image 2 of 3 Image 3 of 3
There's no getting around the bulk of the Sony RX10 III. It's very well made and comfortable in the hand, but I suspect many more casual users will be deterred by its size (and price) and, if they want such long telephoto reach, may opt instead for the Canon Powershot G3 X or possibly the Panasonic Lumix FZ330/ FZ300, which has a smaller sensor but also offers 4K shooting, and impressed us last year. The Canon suffers from a slower lens and no included EVF by comparison, but the Lumix FZ330/ FZ300 does benefit from a constant f/2.8 aperture, albeit with a much smaller sensor.
However, if you want the ultimate image quality in a bridge camera, it's hard to look beyond the class-leading performance of the RX10 III's Zeiss Vario-Sonnar T* lens, and I'm sure enthusiasts looking for more reach and a highly specified camera will be attracted to this. Whether they'll be prepared to pay the £1,250 ($1,500, AU£2,150) price tag is another matter. That price is likely to fall post-launch, but at the moment it's around double the cost of both the G3 X and the Lumix FZ1000 (the Lumix FZ330/ FZ300 is cheaper again). That said the RX10 III is in a league of its own in some respects, so it's likely to find a market, albeit a niche one.
At least 950.3 million soms were spent in 2017 on subsidizing the agricultural sector and financing will increase this year. The Finance Minister Adylbek Kasymaliev told at a press conference.
«Recently, we have paid special attention to the processing industry, issuing soft loans at 6 percent per annum for up to three years. The remaining agricultural producers — at 10 percent. In 2018, the Ministry of Finance budgeted more than 1 billion soms for these purposes,» he said.
In 2017, a program was launched to subsidize subjects involved in export operations. In 2017, they were financed for 64 million soms, this year 100 million soms were budgeted for it.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy McConnell is seeking shared custody of the son he shares with Stephanie Davis after claiming he's 'turning his life around.'
After battering Steph in a cocaine-fuelled row last year, Jeremy had been banned from contacting the mother of his child and was handed a three year restraining order by the courts.
Steph has raised Caben-Albi, now one, as a single mum - publicly labelling Jeremy a 'deadbeat dad' in the past.
But now Jeremy, 27, has reignited their long-running feud by claiming Hollyoaks actress Steph is refusing him access.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: stephaniedavis88/Instagram)
“It's extremely upsetting that Stephanie has continually chosen not to engage with my team and follow the appropriate channels to arrange in time access with our son," he told The Sun.
"All I want is for our son to have me back in his life,” he added.
(Image: stephaniedavis88/Instagram)
In the past Steph has claimed Jezza hasn't given any financial support to Caben or bothered to see him - even forgetting to send Christmas cards.
During an appearance on The Jeremy Kyle Show in March, a weeping Jezza told the host that he was willing to make a change.
“I want to just move forward now and see my son. I miss and love him – I love him to bits,” he said.
(Image: ITV)
Jeremy was sentenced to 20 weeks in prison in November after breaching the community service order he was given for attacking Steph in March 2017.
He was also given a three-year restraining order by the courts, banning him from contacting the mother of his child.
(Image: PA)
(Image: ITV)
In June this year the Mirror reported Jeremy was enjoying a new relationship - with his legal representative Katie McCreath.
Despite previously denying they were an item, he was recently pictured sharing drinks with her on a date night.
Shortly afterwards, she took to Instagram where she shared a picture of their hands intimately intertwined.
(Image: Twitter)
While Steph has turned her life around since welcoming her son Caben, although she has admitted it's difficult being a single mum.
"It's been hard, in all honesty, I'm not going to sugarcoat it. It is hard, but my mum's really good and if I need a break," she told the Mirror Online.
(Image: Channel 4)
After admitting to seeking treatment for alcohol abuse, Steph is due to start filming Hollyoaks again in August, with her character Sinead O'Connor making a dramatic return.
She left the show in 2015 - amid reports she was sacked for turning up drunk and late to the set, something she has always denied - after her character found out her boyfriend Ste was having an affair with her teenage stepbrother.
Now, she can't wait to get back.
She said: "I can't wait, the amount of messages I've had off cast and crew members.
"They all wanted me to come back, but then I wasn't ready."
The AGO's dazzling new Georgia O'Keeffe show, an intimate opera performance and six other things to see, do, hear and read this week
The AGO's dazzling new Georgia O'Keeffe show, an intimate opera performance and six other things to see, do, hear and read this week
A sweeping ode to one of modernism's late greats
The AGO follows its Lawren Harris showcase with another blockbuster dedicated to a 20th-century icon: Georgia O'Keeffe. The landmark exhibition chronicles her evolution from little-known abstract expressionist to the so-called Mother of American Modernism through 100 works in her trademark styles: undulating blooms, sun-bleached animal skulls, geometric skyscrapers and flowing New Mexico landscapes. It also provides a glimpse into O'Keeffe's personal life through a series of black-and-white portraits taken by her husband, the photographer Alfred Stieglitz. Saturday, April 22 to Sunday, July 30. AGO.
A day of Canadian cinema
Proving that there's more to our national cinema than just Strange Brew and Sicilian Vampire, National Canadian Film Day brings a spectrum of films and filmmakers to theatres across the city. Some of the highlights: Don McKellar talks Last Night at the Revue; Vincenzo Natali skypes in for Cube at the Royal; Robert Lantos introduces Barney's Version at the Toronto Jewish Film Foundation; Kazik Radwanski discusses Tower at the Carlton; and McKellar and Colm Feore present Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould at the TIFF Bell Lightbox. Tuesday, April 18. Various venues.
A spooky Toronto-set novel
Barbara Gowdy writes neo-Gothic psychodrama like no other Canadian. Little Sister, her first novel in a decade, is the spectral tale of a rep-cinema owner from Toronto who finds herself slipping into another person's consciousness after a thunderstorm—like ­Being John Malkovich, with a literary twist. Tuesday, April 18. HarperCollins.
An evening with artists
AGO Creative Minds at Massey Hall returns with an eclectic lineup of talent to discuss art, politics, and how they intersect. Artist Christi Belcourt, architect David Adjaye, author Junot Díaz, and CanCon king Paul Gross join moderator Matt Galloway, plus musical guest Whitehorse. (Hopefully someone will ask Gross about Gunless.) Friday, April 21. $19.50-$79.50, Massey Hall.
The city's buzziest soul singer
With apologies to Drake and Rihanna, the best 2016 song called “Work” belonged to another Torontonian: Charlotte Day Wilson. The sexy organ-driven track is the centrepiece of Wilson's debut EP, CDW, a soulful R&B effort that's quickly turned her into one of the city's most sought-after musical exports. Apple used her music in an iPhone commercial, Netflix put a song in their series Grace and Frankie, and L.A. indie rockers Local Natives took her on tour. In these back-to-back homecoming gigs, she'll simmer through her sparse repertoire and give fans a taste of what's next. Wednesday, April 19 and Thursday, April 20. Mod Club.
Opera and dinner, all in one place
Wouldn't it be nice to hear great opera without being stuck in Ring 5? For Popera (Pop-Up Opera), the Canadian Opera Company teams up with Drake One Fifty to showcase rising stars from the COC Ensemble Studio in an intimate setting. This low-key/high-art event features a three-course dinner as the grand finale. Saturday, April 22. $50. Drake One Fifty.
A gritty, ultra-Canadian graphic novel
When he's not drawing X-Men comics for Marvel, Jeff Lemire creates gritty graphic novels. His latest, Roughneck, is a dose of blue-collar Canadiana about a grizzled ex–hockey player who reconnects with his troubled sister in a remote northern Ontario hunting camp. Tuesday, April 18. Simon and Schuster.
Free concerts at Sonic Boom
If you make only one pilgrimage on Record Store Day, make it to Sonic Boom. On this annual celebration of independent retailers, Toronto's most beloved music store will host in-store performances by Luka, Sahara, and Lonely Parade—plus the usual array of deals and exclusive releases. Saturday, April 22. Sonic Boom.
VERMILION, Alta. -
When it comes to drugs and alcohol, Juno award-winner Mitch Dorge gets in your face.
In partnership with The Co-operators, Dorge brought a fresh perspective through his presentation, In Your Face and Interactive, to the students in Vermilion and surrounding area.
“We like to get involved in the community, so we hire him to come in and do positive presentations for teenagers and high school students,” said Sara Cronin, insurance advisor, The Co-Operators, who contacted Dorge in the fall of 2016.
She said Dorge previously brought this presentation to Vermilion eight to 10 years ago, but this time went outside the community and spoke to students in Mannville and Innisfree, Alta.
“It has been a while since I have been here. I think the message is still the same and really important, and how I go about it is a way the kids haven't heard before,” Dorge said. “Kids are used to campaigns that say ‘Don't do this', and there are so many people on the drinking and driving circuit that say ‘If you do it you are going to die'.
“The kids are so used to hearing that that it is so important for me not to go down that path. I don't want to and I don't necessarily think that is the way.”
Dorge added he likes the kids to get comfortable with him, so he tells stories about his life such as becoming a drummer for the Crash Test Dummies, his world travels, and how he got involved with The Co-Operators.
“I think it is important for them to say, "This guy is off his rocker, he is crazy." As soon as I do that, I am immediately not their parents, I am not the adult, I am not the authority figure,” he said. “I stated quite clearly that what I am bringing to the table is a perspective. I do see the world differently than most people. How I have gotten to where I am today is because of my perspective is different from most people.”
He also uses games and activities to gain the students trust, such as running amongst the crowd and running his hands through their hair and handing our hugs. As the presentation progresses, and ties in goal setting and making choices that set them up for a successful future. He then switches to the topic of drugs, keeping perspective of both sides, discusses how they are made, lives that are affected by them, and the consequences.
St. Jerome's Catholic School Grade 11 student Breanna Maughan said Dorge's presentation was great by the end, because he wasn't afraid to talk about drugs and alcohol in a real way.
“At the start, I wasn't interested in going to the presentation, but it was a good reason to get out of class. Then, he started talking about Russia and himself, and I kept thinking, how is this relevant? Then, all of a sudden he started talking about real stuff,” she said.
“He started talking about drugs and alcohol abuse, and it got really real. He touched on things that are real for kids now-a-days. Things our generation understand.”
Maughan was one of Dorge's volunteers, who participated in a group exercise that began as simple fun then escaladed to a serious exercise about drugs.
“One thing I'll take away is to not be afraid to have a different mindset than someone else. It doesn't necessarily mean you are wrong. You can keep trying and as long as you have a goal or something you have set your mind too, you can work towards that,” Maughan said.
Dorge said his presentation has evolved to meet the standards around today's youth through trial and error.
During his presentation, he said he usually has a binder that contains information on drugs and photos of people whose lives have been altered by drugs and alcohol, including Jacqueline Saburido, who suffered third-degree burns over 60 per cent of her body after the car she was in was hit by a drunk driver.
“I usually hold it up and show them. But, it went missing, and when I went to the school this morning, I realized I didn't have it. So, what I did was ask the students to pull out there phones and google it. Now, we are in the digital age and nobody wants to print stuff out and walk around with a book. Here I am; I am dealing with a medium that goes with today.”
To keep the students engaged, Dorge said he will continue to ask the students to use their phones.
“I don't think you can teach anyone anything, but you can inspire them to learn,” he said.
Dorge has been working hand-in-hand with The Co-Operators since 2012, and has traveled all over Canada sharing his message and point of view on drugs and alcohol in a personal manner. He is also a spokesperson for Teens Against Drinking and Driving and the spokesperson for Drug Abuse Resistance Education.
thermiston@postmedia.com
@StandardTay
@VStandard1909
Crompton Greaves submitted a bid on 20 September for the acquisition of Kenstar business and Kenstar brand. Photo: Prajakta Patil/Mint
New Delhi: Electrical appliances maker Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Ltd on Friday said it has submitted a bid for the acquisition of home appliances brand Kenstar from debt-laden Videocon Group.
The company submitted a bid on 20 September as an expression of interest for the acquisition of Kenstar business and Kenstar brand, Crompton Greaves said in a regulatory filing. It further said the submission is in response to invitation received by the company from Videocon Industries Ltd and their affiliates through invitation letter dated 6 September.
Kenstar, a subsidiary of the Videocon group, makes kitchen appliances, TVs, air conditioners, air coolers and health appliances.
The price of the bid was, however, not disclosed by the company. The result of the bid process have not yet been announced, the company said, adding that no binding transaction documents have been executed between the company and the sellers and there have been no negotiations so far.
The Videocon group, which is struggling with a debt of over Rs40,000 crore has been considering sale of its various assets over the past few years to bring down the debt.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd, had in June 2013 bought 10% stake in the Offshore Area 1 from Videocon Group for $2.475 billion. The proceeds were used to repay bank loans in India and abroad.
The group has also decided to merge its direct-to-home business with Dish TV. It had also sold its spectrum in six circles for a consideration of Rs4,428 crore to telecom major Bharti Airtel.
On Friday, shares of Crompton Greaves closed at Rs224, up 3.85% on BSE, while the Sensex rose 222.19 points to 31, 814.22.
LONDON (AP) - British police have arrested an intruder who scaled scaffolding and got onto the roof of Parliament.
London's Metropolitan Police force says officers were called late Wednesday morning "to reports of a man acting suspiciously" near an entrance to the building. The man then climbed a fence and scaled scaffolding to the roof.
Parliament's Big Ben clock tower is currently covered in scaffolding for repair work.
The force says officers arrested the man for trespassing. The incident is not being treated as terrorism-related.
Photos showed armed police officers in the scaffolding after the arrest.
The intruder entered the grounds of Parliament at the Carriage Gates entrance. That's where a police officer was stabbed to death in March 2017 by an attacker who also ran down several pedestrians on nearby Westminster Bridge.
Slack raised $200 million in its latest funding round in 2016, valuing it at $3.8 billion. Photo: Preetha K./Mint
New York/San Francisco: Corporate chatroom start-up Slack Technologies Inc. has received recent inquiries about a potential takeover from technology companies including Amazon.com Inc., people with knowledge of the situation said.
A deal could give San Francisco-based Slack a valuation of at least $9 billion, the people said. An agreement isn't assured and discussions may not go further, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
A representative for Seattle-based Amazon.com declined to comment. Slack also declined to comment.
Slack raised $200 million in its latest funding round in 2016, valuing it at $3.8 billion. The company, which introduced its business chat software in 2013, has recently turned its eye to bigger users. In January, Slack debuted an enterprise version of its chat software that allows tens of thousands of employees to collaborate across teams at major corporations like International Business Machines Corp.
Microsoft Corp. in November unveiled its own chat platform—Teams—which works with the company's cloud service, Office 365, to compete with Slack.
Slack has 5 million daily active users—1.5 million of whom pay to use the service—and had $150 million in annual recurring revenue as of 31 January. Bloomberg
Bloomberg Beta, the venture capital arm of Bloomberg LP, is an investor in Slack.
TRIAD and SALT members speak with the public.
Visitors get down to Rockin' Reggie during the Carnival of Hope.
Rockin' Reggie takes photos as the crowd dances to his beats.
Russia slumps to 1-0 defeat in Austria for 3rd straight loss
Russia slumps to 1-0 defeat in Austria for 3rd straight loss
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 03:17 IST 28 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
INNSBRUCK, Austria (AP) — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda his fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
"We have to improve our passing," Russia coach Stanislav Cherchesov told Austrian broadcaster ORF. "We created one, two chances to score but we have to do more."
The match, which was Russia's first abroad since beating Hungary 3-0 in Budapest a year ago, marked the end of the team's 10-day training camp in the Austrian region of Stubaital.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14. It also plays Egypt and Uruguay in Group A.
Russia started with high pressing but gradually lost control of the match after 15 minutes. Most of its attacks lacked pace and accuracy, while the defense looked vulnerable.
Leading up to the goal, Vladimir Granat and Fyodor Kudryashov gave Arnautovic time to control the ball and set up Schoepf, who was not marked closely enough by Mario Fernandes and beat goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev with a powerful shot just under the crossbar.
With Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho watching from the stands, Akinfeev denied Austria a second goal when he pushed Arnautovic's free kick wide just before halftime.
Russia's best chance came shortly before the hour mark, but Fyodor Smolov sent his effort just wide.
"We didn't give away much in defense and our forward play was effective. It was a deserved victory," Schoepf said.
Austria, which also beat Russia 1-0 twice in qualification for the 2016 European Championship, will host world champion Germany in Klagenfurt on Saturday and Brazil in Vienna next Sunday.
It's been years since fans heard anything from #DukeNukem, the testosterone-fueled embodiment of masculinity in video games. Duke may still be a nostalgic icon today, but his muscle-bound presence has not been felt since his last game, Duke Nukem Forever, which was released back in 2011. Although a sequel to the game may seem unlikely, Duke may be coming back in a wholly different way. If Gearbox has its way, Duke will make an explosive return with his very own cinematic debut.
It's Ass-Kicking Time Again!
During a livestream broadcast on Youtube, Gearbox Software CEO Randy Pitchford offered some updates on the studio's plans to expand into the world of filmmaking. One of the movies Gearbox hopes to see become a reality is the adaptation of Duke Nukem. Pitchford elaborated on the ambitious statement.
"We're working on [Duke Nukem]! I can't announce it but it's blown my mind, there's been a lot of production companies that have come at us. We're putting together a deal right now with a major motion picture studio; I'll tell you off the record if you want to know." "It's the exact right people that should be doing a Duke Nukem film and we'll see what happens. It's unbelievable, I think that's very likely to be a thing."
'Duke Nukem Forever' [Credit: Gearbox Software]
There have been talks and rumors about a Duke Nukem movie ever since the late '90s, but nothing concrete materialized until now. Roughly two decades ago, Mortal Kombat producer Lawrence Kasanoff expressed his desire to finance a Duke Nukem movie with the game's original developers, 3D Realms.
When Gearbox acquired the rights to the game in 2010, any pre-production progress from the '90s until 2009 by Kasanoff and 3D Realms was scrapped. Since then, Gearbox has been developing the Duke Nukem movie, and Pitchford's statements lead us to believe that the movie is highly likely to finally head into production.
Duke Nukem: Born to be Wild, or Deader Than Disco?
'Duke Nukem Forever' [Credit: Gearbox Software]
For better or worse, Duke is a product of his time and simply revisiting what made him popular in the '90s wouldn't work today. As seen with the criticism directed at the critically-panned Duke Nukem Forever, the franchise's trademark humor hasn't aged well and was regarded as juvenile and outdated by today's standards. Randy Nelson of engadget said it best in his review of the game:
"[Duke Nukem Forever] remains a sort of relic - a reminder of how things used to be and how, thankfully, the genre and the people who enjoy it have grown up and moved on."
The best way Gearbox could make a Duke Nukem movie is by approaching the adaptation in a tongue-in-cheek manner. In recent years, self-aware movies that homaged retro filmmaking made a killing at the box office, while also pleasing hardcore fans. Some examples of these include the '80s tribute Kung Fury and Sylvester Stallone's The Expendables trilogy, which earned upwards of $800 million at the global box office despite a lackluster third entry.
Duke Nukem was once heralded for being the coolest video game protagonist around, but times have changed and his moment in the spotlight looked to be over with Duke Nukem Forever. However, if Gearbox learns from the harsh criticisms of Duke Nukem Forever and acknowledges that Duke is an anachronism, a Duke Nukem movie may be the nostalgic hit that fans deserve.
[Source: Screenrant]
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It really did happen. England won a penalty shoot-out at the World Cup!
The Three Lions' dramatic victory over Colombia now sets up a mouthwatering quarter-final tie with Sweden on Saturday, July 7.
Fans have been flocking to the Ashton Gate fan village to watch Gareth Southgate's team in action during the last few weeks and it will become the place to be for Saturday's big match.
Bristol City have now revealed full details about how you can get tickets to the event with 5,000 people able to attend the venue
The fan village will be open from 12noon ahead of the 3pm kick-off with food and beverage stalls available.
The club have asked that fans allow plenty of time to pass ticket checks and security searches.
No megaphones or loud hailers will be accepted while rucksacks, holdalls, bum bags, shopping bags, shoulder strap bags or larger bags will be allowed in the Fan Village. Pyrotechnics are strictly prohibited.
Aliens Are Still Probably Real And Here's Another UFO Video From The Navy To Prove It
Aliens Are Still Probably Real And Here's Another UFO Video From The Navy To Prove It
Remember when we found out the government spent millions of dollars on a program that discovered mysterious inexplicable metal alloys and concluded that aliens were probably real back in a New York Times report from December? If you need a reminder, here's another UFO intercept video from the Navy.
The video comes courtesy of the alien investigation organization To The Stars Academy of Arts and Sciences, where the former head of the U.S. government's Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program, Luis Elizondo, now works.
According to the details of the video, which is reportedly from 2015, the Navy F/A-18 jet was engaged in a right turn while intercepting the unidentified flying object, which was streaking above the water with no visible wings or signs of a combustion engine 4.4 nautical miles away. You can hear the pilots appropriately losing their minds.
TTSAAS's Elizondo is the guy who keeps saying stuff like these Navy and Air Force videos are just the tip of the iceberg to news organizations like CNN, which should be freaking everybody the fuck out, but for some reason nobody seems to care!
The organization has so far only released one other video of UFO intercept footage from 2004 and an interview with that pilot, as pointed out and featured over on Popular Mechanics.
Comments
comments
Greystone Healthcare Management, an industry-leading healthcare management company, announces the opening of its newest skilled nursing facility in Kendall this fall. Greystone has invested $30 M into this innovative center that will feature an array of medical services as well as specialized orthopedic, cardiac and stroke rehabilitation programs.
Located at 5280 S.W. 157th Avenue in Miami, the new resort-style facility promises to offer the most effective, state-of-the-art care in a healing environment designed to promote health and wellness.
Greystone Healthcare Management manages 28 facilities throughout Florida. The Kendall location will represent the fourth health and rehabilitation center in South Florida.
“As in all our centers, the goal is to facilitate rapid recovery and to restore the quality of life to patients and residents,” said Kimberly Pero, regional vice president, South Florida Region, Greystone Healthcare Management. “Kendall Lakes was designed with this mission in mind, and experience tells us that in addition to the outstanding quality of care, an exceptional environment plays a significant role in renewing a sense of well-being and restoring hope.”
The Kendall Lakes Health and Rehabilitation Center will consist of 150 beds in 64 private transitional suites and 44 residential suites occupying more than 96,000 square feet. The lush tropical courtyard will feature an occupational therapy mobility garden, with tranquil water structures and foliage that will create a unique setting allowing patients and residents to benefit from the wonderful elements of a healthcare resort.
Within the spacious facility are two leading edge rehabilitation gyms along with a therapy gym, as well as a movie cinema. Dining and common areas are resort-like; bistro and outdoor dining services will be available. All the amenities, inside and out, reflect the philosophy that relaxation and healing substantially add to the quality of life.
In addition, the Kendall campus is smoke-free, so patients, residents and visitors will always have the opportunity to breathe fresh air.
Greystone's Kendall Lakes Health and Rehabilitation Center was designed by Architectural Concepts, Inc., out of Largo, Florida, one of the foremost design companies focused on assisted living facilities, senior communities and skilled nursing facilities. Every detail that can aid in the recovery of patients, and provide for an excellent quality of life for residents was considered.
“We are looking forward to opening in this vibrant and important neighborhood, and serving the needs of the Kendall-area community,” said Pero. “The new facility is unmatched to anything in the vicinity and we know patients and residents in the region will benefit tremendously from our services.”
Once opened, the Kendall campus will have a staff of approximately 250 medical professionals and administrators.
For more information, contact Jessica Maglione at 813-557-5643.
Figures from the Indian embassy in China to show that Indian exports fell by 12.3% year-on-year to $11.75 billion, while India's imports from China rose by 2% to $59 billion, resulting in a trade deficit of $47 billion. Photo: AFP
Beijing: A trade war seems to be looming between India and China after New Delhi imposed anti-dumping duties on 93 Chinese products amidst a military standoff in Doklam area, two state media reports here said on Monday.
An article in The Global Times, part of the ruling Communist Party's publication group, urged Chinese firms to “reconsider the risks” of investing in India and warned New Delhi to be “prepared for the possible consequences for its ill-considered action.”
The article said that China “could easily retaliate” with restrictions on Indian products, but added that it “doesn't make much economic sense” for the country.
It cited figures from the Indian embassy in China to show that Indian exports fell by 12.3% year-on-year to $11.75 billion, while India's imports from China rose by 2% to $59 billion, resulting in a trade deficit of $47 billion.
According to the Indian Commerce Ministry, the trade deficit with China last year mounted to over $52 billion when the bilateral trade stood at $70 billion.
“A trade war between China and India seems to be looming after the latter moved last Wednesday to impose anti-dumping duties on 93 products from China,” the report said.
“If India really starts a trade war with China, of course China's economic interests will be hurt, but there will also be consequences for India,” it said.
The report on trade comes as India and China have been locked in a tense military standoff in Doklam in the Sikkim sector.
India has protested the construction of a road by the Chinese military in the area claimed by its ally Bhutan, fearing it would allow Beijing to cut off India's access to its northeastern states.
The Global Times report warned that “given the tense bilateral trade ties, China may consider temporarily suspending investment or economic cooperation projects in India to ensure the security of these investments.”
Another article in China Daily said boycotting Chinese goods would harm India. Referring to the calls of boycott of Chinese products, it said the ongoing standoff in Doklam seems to have spilled over into bilateral exchanges.
“Suffice to say, calling for the boycotting of Chinese products and those related to Chinese investors is not just a fool's errand but also risks backfiring,” it said.
“It is the Indian economy that will suffer because of the boycott,” it said. Any attempt to keep Chinese cellphone companies at bay or shut down Chinese-invested factories will hurt the Indian economy and cost Indian jobs, it said. PTI
A Saudi-coalition bombing targeted a residential neighborhood in Amran, Yemen, killing 15 civilians mostly women and children.
Saudi Arabia's war against Yemen is being described as a deliberate war against women and children.
Just this Monday, a U.S.-backed Saudi-coalition bombing campaign targeted a residential neighborhood in Amran in northern Yemen, killing 15 civilians and injuring 9, most of whom were women and children.
Eight of those killed belonged to one family household named Ali Ahmed. Five of them were children aged 10 months old, 3 years old, 7 years old, 10 years old and 15 years old.
The injured were taken to the local Amran General Hospital.
The airstrikes also targeted a post office, a police station, and a telecommunications center, leveling them to rubble.
Local residents told MintPress that the search for victims among the rubble of homes in the targeted neighborhood is ongoing.
Despite the early morning bombing of an obviously civilian neighborhood, at dawn the U.S.-backed Saudi-coalition continued to rain bombs on the nearby security-department building.
The Saudi coalition claimed it was targeting a Yemeni military reinforcement site in response to a recent missile launch on the Ministry of Defense Information Center by Houthi forces.
But locals say the attack is part of a broader campaign against civilians by Saudi Arabia and the United States to destroy the morale of the Yemeni people.
Local residents in Amran held a rally to condemn the recent crime against civilians and ongoing indiscriminate bombing campaigns by Saudi Arabia and the United States.
In 2017, the United Nations blacklisted Saudi Arabia and its coalition allies for its indiscriminate killing of civilians, which targeted women and children.
This should have resulted in the imposition of sanctions or a prohibition of other countries from selling weapons or providing military aid to the coalition.
Instead, the United States sold over $110 billion in weapons to the Kingdom that same year.
Saudi Arabia was added to a similar list of nations targeting children in war in 2016, but, after Riyadh threatened to withdraw aid to the UN, their name was removed from the list.
Media reports indicate that the Saudi coalition has carried out a staggering 16,000-plus airstrikes on Yemen since 2015, but local authorities claim it's closer to 100,000.
Saudi Arabia's war against Yemen — one of the poorest nations in the world — has left nearly one million dead and injured, most of whom are women and children.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/video-saudi-arabia-bombs-residential-neighborhood-in-yemen-killing-entire-family/5646311
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Jeremy Corbyn's biggest critics in the Labour party has confirmed he will stand down ahead of this summer's snap general election.
Tom Blenkinsop, Labour MP for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland, made the announcement just minutes after Theresa May stood outside Downing Street and revealed the country would head to the polls on June 8 .
He has previously blamed Corbyn and the "far-left" for failing to secure votes and losing seats to the Conservatives.
He wrote on his website: “I will not seek re-election as the member of Parliament for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland.
“I have made no secret about my significant and irreconcilable differences with the current Labour leadership. It is because of these differences I feel I cannot in good faith stand as the Labour candidate for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland.
(Photo: AFP)
“Representing the people of Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland has been the proudest years of my life.
“I will do all I can in my time remaining as an MP to champion my constituents and the area that means so much to me, as I have been proud to do over the last 7 years.”
He spoke out after the Conservatives won the Coulby Newham by-election to Middlesbrough Council with a swing of more than 8%.
Mr Blenkinsop previously said: "We lost due to the leader's name being mentioned on the doorstep as the reason why residents were not voting Labour.
"And I am certain this is not just the case here but across boroughs and constituencies the length and breadth of Great Britain."
Jeremy Corbyn has said he "looks forward" to fighting a snap general election on June 8 to "stand up for the people of Britain".
The Labour leader welcomed Theresa May's shock announcement today ahead of tomorrow's vote on the election in the House of Commons.
An election can only happen if least two-thirds of MPs back it under rules laid down by the Fixed-term Parliaments Act.
Mr Corbyn's statement indicates Mrs May will easily pass that threshold.
He said: "I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
“In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country.
"We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain."
Recent polls have put Labour 21 points behind the Tories.
Asked if he'd stand down if he lost, Mr Corbyn told Sky News: "We are campaigning to win this election, that's the only question now."
Asked if he was the next Prime Minister, he replied: "If we win the election, yes."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Gove hit the airwaves this morning, trumpeting his plans to ban the sale of ivory to all who would listen.
And then someone asked him if he had a piano at home.
The sale of almost all ivory including "antique" items would be banned under plans set out by the Government to help end elephant poaching.
The Environment Secretary set out proposals for a near-total ban on ivory sales in the UK as he warned declines in elephant populations fuelled by poaching for their tusks "shames our generation".
About 20,000 elephants are being slaughtered annually due to the global demand in ivory and if current rates of poaching continue, the animals could become extinct within decades in some African countries, experts warn.
But Gove had an awkward moment during an interview with LBC Radio's Nick Ferrari.
Ferrari asked him: "Before I let you go - do you have a piano and have you checked the keys as regards ivory?"
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
The flustered Tory minister replied: "We do have a piano actually...erm....and..."
He said it was not he, but his wife Sarah Vine who was the musician in the family.
He admitted: "I haven't actually checked the keys....erm...but I'd better go back now and make sure."
Conservation groups have called for a ban amid concerns the legal market in ivory in the UK has been used as a cover for trade in illegal ivory.
The UK also makes legal shipments of antiques to Asia, helping supply the world's largest ivory markets which are driving the poaching crisis.
(Image: PA)
Existing rules allow for "worked" or carved items produced before March 3, 1947, to be sold in the UK while sale of raw ivory of any age is prohibited.
Under the new proposals, which are being put out for consultation, sales of the older worked items would be banned.
The plans include some exemptions for items which do not contribute to the poaching of elephants, including musical instruments such as pianos with ivory keys, items containing only a small proportion of ivory and those which have significant historic, artistic or cultural value.
Sales to and between museums would also be exempted under the plans.
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking he was doing a favour for the CEO of his company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking him to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while he was making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
The most common question people ask when buying their first DSLR is whether to side with Canon or Nikon. Indeed, even more experienced photographers tied to one system often think about what they would gain by switching sides.
The fact is that both companies make excellent DSLRs. Nevertheless, at any given point they each have slightly different offerings on the market, and so it follows that some models will be better suited to your specific needs than others.
To that end, we've rounded up the main DSLRs currently available from the two (bar the most senior models designed for professionals) and compared them with their rivals in the same price bracket.
Whether you're a photographic novice looking for your first camera, an enthusiast keen on exploring a range of options or a more advanced user looking for a full-frame powerhouse, read on to get the best idea of what your money gets you.
Canon vs Nikon: Entry-level DSLRs
If you've got up to £500/$500 or so to spend on your first DSLR, you're very much spoilt for choice. Not only do you have a raft of brand-new models to consider, but there are also many older ones that manufacturers typically subject to discounts and cashback offers to hook you into their system.
Currently, the cheapest options are the Canon EOS 1300D (known as the EOS Rebel T6 in the US), Canon EOS 2000D (known as the EOS Rebel T7 in the US) and Canon EOS 200D (known as the EOS Rebel SL2 in the US), as well as the Nikon D3300 and the newer Nikon D3400 .
Image 1 of 3 Canon EOS Rebel T6 / 1300D Image 2 of 3 Canon EOS Rebel T7 / 2000D Image 3 of 3 Canon EOS Rebel SL2 / 200D
What's the difference then? At the bottom end of the scale is the EOS 1300D / EOS Rebel T6, which features a 18MP sensor and can shoot at only 3fps, while there's a 9-point AF system featured. The new EOS 2000D / EOS Rebel T7 is very similar, but the key difference is the jump in resolution, from 18MP to 24.1MP. The EOS 200D / EOS Rebel SL2 is the most advanced Canon of the bunch. It has the latest 24.2MP sensor and features Canon's brilliant Dual Pixel CMOS AF system for quick Live View focusing and shoots at a slightly faster 5fps. There's also a really useful vari-angle touchscreen. That said, it sticks with a similar 9-point AF system as the other two cameras.
Over at Nikon and both the D3300 and D3400 have 24.2MP sensors and can shoot at 5fps, and each is furnished with an 11-point AF system.
With very similar headline specs, Nikon's D3400 isn't a significant upgrade over the D3300, and the fact that it doesn't offer automatic, built-in sensor cleaning places it at a disadvantage over its predecessor. That said, the D3400 does offer Bluetooth connectivity (known as SnapBridge), allowing you to transfer images to your smartphone. If you want to do that on the D3300, you have to buy an optional accessory in order to do this.
Overall then, there's not huge differences between the offerings from Canon and Nikon, but our pick would have to be the D3400. It's not perfect, but what it does do, it does very well and is incredibly easy to use for the first time user.
India have more pressure than us - Mashrafe turns up the heat on Kohli's men
India are strongly fancied to defeat Bangladesh but Mashrafe Mortaza believes that expectation could weigh heavily on Virat Kohli's side.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 19:45 IST
Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza
Mashrafe Mortaza believes India will feel the weight of expectation from their one billion countrymen and women when they meet Bangladesh in the ICC Champions Trophy on Thursday.
The neighbours do battle at Edgbaston in the second semi-final - Bangladesh's first at an ICC global event, their place secured thanks in large part to an impressive five-wicket win over New Zealand in their final Group A meeting.
India, meanwhile, have a wealth of experience at the sharp end of tournaments, having lifted the Champions Trophy four years ago with victory over England in the final.
In his media conference on Wednesday, Virat Kohli said there were "no guarantees" over the result despite India's plethora of big-game players, and Mashrafe feels the tag of favourites could hinder the defending champions.
Snaps of Bangladesh team practice at Edgbaston, Birmingham ahead of semi-final clash against India on Thursday. #CT17 pic.twitter.com/vBesQHK7hx — Bangladesh Cricket (@BCBtigers) June 13, 2017
"We're playing for the first time in our life a semi-final, so that is also a fact, and also if it's pressure, I think India has got more pressure than us because the huge population is there, and people love cricket in India a lot," the Bangladesh skipper said.
"Even Bangladesh, also. Both teams have a lot of expectations. But at the end of the day, it's a cricket game, so whoever plays well, they'll win.
"But both teams will try their best and pressure, I think that if you take it as a semi-final, the pressure will be going very hard, but if you think it's just another match the pressure will come a lot easier.
"I know that on our day we can do anything, to be honest. We are the team that is trying to improve ourselves a lot. We have tried to play at our best in every match.
"We don't know what is going to be the result, but once you can play at your best, you know that you are going to play at your best and things can change."
DES PLAINES, Ill. — May 24, 2018 — Honeywell announced today that IRPC PLC will use a range of advanced process technologies from Honeywell UOP for a new aromatic complex in Thailand's Rayong Province.
As part of the project, Honeywell UOP will provide licensing, design, key equipment and state-of-the-art catalysts and adsorbents. When completed in 2022, the complex will produce 1.2 million metric tons per year of paraxylene used to make plastic resins, films and fibers. It also will increase its benzene production capacity from 114,000 to 495,000 tons per year. Benzene is a fuel additive and ingredient in plastics, lubricants, rubber, dyes and detergents.
“This complex will enable IRPC to significantly convert its available intermediate feedstocks to higher value aromatics products such as paraxylene and benzene,” said John Gugel, vice president and general manager, Process Technology and Equipment, at Honeywell UOP. “This is the latest in a series of aromatics projects using advanced UOP technologies that have low capital and operating expense.”
The project will include a Honeywell UOP CCR Platforming™ unit, which converts naphtha into high-octane gasoline and aromatics, and an LD Parex™ unit, which recovers high-purity paraxylene from mixed xylenes and uses a new, more energy efficient light desorbent. The complex also will include Honeywell UOP Sulfolane™ technology to extract aromatics from the feed; Isomar™ technology to convert xylene isomers into more valuable paraxylene; and Tatoray™ technology, which converts toluene and C9 aromatics into mixed xylenes and high-purity benzene, and that more than doubles the yield of paraxylene from the naphtha feedstock.
Honeywell UOP is the world's leading licensor of process technology for the production of aromatics. As of last year, UOP licensed more than 100 complexes and more than 700 individual process units for the production of aromatics, including more than 300 CCR Platforming process units and 159 Sulfolane units, 81 Isomar units, 59 Tatoray units, and 101 Parex units worldwide.
IRPC Public Company Limited is a publicly traded petroleum and petrochemical company, and a subsidiary of PTT Group. IRPC is based in Mueang Rayong District, Rayong Province, Thailand, and operates the first fully integrated petrochemical complex in Southeast Asia.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Honeywell
We're not a huge radish-eating country, and I think that's a mistake.
Radishes carry in their little bodies a tremendous variety of vitamins and minerals, so they're a smart addition to our five-a-day veggie eating, but the spicy flavour can keep many home cooks away.
In France, I learned to love radishes as common cocktail hour snack (or "aperitif"), eaten raw, smeared with a small glob of butter and a dash of salt. If that sounds a little crazy, I dare you to try it and tell me that the French are not the wisest radish-eating culture out there.
Of course, falling in love with a veggie only when topped with creamy fatty butter isn't exactly a recipe for healthy eating, but it did get radishes on my radar, which led me to roasting them.
If you haven't roasted radishes before, you are in for a surprise. The sharp flavour mellows into a sweet earthiness that is completely family-friendly. In fact, my four girls have loved roasted radishes since they were toddlers, owing to the gorgeous shade of pink they turn in the oven. Radishes are delicious simply tossed in a little olive oil and salt and pepper, and then roasted until tender in a hot oven — about 20 minutes at 400 F. Or, add some minced garlic and dried herbs before cooking and then a squeeze of lemon before eating.
The following recipe tops plain roasted radishes with a quick green goddess dressing made from Greek yogurt, lemon juice, dill and parsley. Drizzle the dressing over hot radishes and serve as a side dish, or let the radishes cool to use as finger food to dip in the gorgeous herbaceous sauce.
Roasted Radishes with Green Goddess Dressing
Makes 6 servings
TORONTO — DeMar DeRozan scored 35 points and matched his career high with six three-pointers as the Toronto Raptors beat Portland 130-105 on Friday night for their sixth straight victory over the Trail Blazers.
DeRozan scored 26 of his points in the first half and was 6 of 10 from beyond the arc. Toronto improved to 12-1 this season when DeRozan, the Eastern Conference player of the month for January, scores 30 or more points.
Jonas Valanciunas added 18 points and grabbed eight rebounds for the Raptors (35-16), who also beat Portland on the road in the two teams' earlier meeting this season on Oct. 30. Fred VanVleet had 16 points off the bench and Kyle Lowry chipped in with 15.
Toronto made 19 three-pointers, setting a season high.
Damian Lillard led the Trail Blazers (29-23) with 32 points as Portland had its four-game winning streak snapped. CJ McCollum had 21 and Jusuf Nurkic scored 20. McCollum had scored 50 points against Chicago in the Trail Blazers' last game on Wednesday.
The Raptors entered the matchup two games back of the Boston Celtics for first place in the Eastern Conference standings. It's the start of the Raptors' longest homestand of the season (four games) and they also improved their NBA-best home record to 20-4.
DeRozan's dominance started in the first quarter when he scored 16 points, drained two three-pointers and converted on all six free throws. He and Lowry sat out the entire fourth quarter.
Lillard tried his best to get Portland back in it during the third, making several drives to the rim and producing 12 points.
But VanVleet wouldn't let the Trail Blazers gain enough momentum — emphasized by a pair of hard fought layup drives that resulted in points. DeRozan then had a three-pointer near the end of the third, giving Toronto a 21-point lead entering the fourth.
The Raptors carried their momentum from the first quarter into the second with a 12-2 run to open up a 29-point lead. The Trail Blazers chipped away at that lead but still trailed 74-52 at halftime.
Pennsylvania Supreme Court Orders Meek Mill Be Released On Bail
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bennett Raglin/Getty Images Bennett Raglin/Getty Images
Meek Mill is being released from state prison on bail after a nearly six-month legal battle over the Philadelphia rapper being sentenced to serve two-to-four years behind bars in November of last year for violating his parole.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ruled today that Mill, née Robert Williams, be released on bail because of questions raised by the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office regarding the credibility of Reginald Graham, the police officer who arrested Mill in 2007. During a hearing last Monday, prosecutors overseeing Mill's case recommended granting the rapper a new trial based on what they say is Graham's history of corruption. Mill's attorney has accused Graham of lying under oath during his original trial.
Despite the striking win for the rapper and his legal team, Meek's judge on the case remains Genece Brinkley of the state's Common Pleas Court, who first ruled that Meek return to prison over parole violations that have since been dismissed. Brinkley has maintained that the sentence was not excessive.
Per the court docket, Brinkley now has 60 days to address the defense team's post-conviction relief motion, which will hinge on whether Graham's testimony should be thrown out, and whether that testimony was central enough to Mill's conviction to warrant a new trial. If so, the prosecution can elect to drop its case. That hearing is scheduled for June 18.
Meek's case has drawn nationwide attention and has been characterized as typifying the mistreatment of black men by the country's justice system. Names ranging from Jay-Z and Beyonce to Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf to the Philadelphia Eagles have voiced support for the 30-year-old rapper's release.
"Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured." Joe Tacopina, one of Meek's lawyers, tells NPR Music in a statement.
After the Supreme Court's ruling, Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin shared on Instagram that he was on his way to Chester State Prison to pick Meek up.
As the news of the impending release was made public, the rapper tweeted a statement to his fans.
"To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Meek shared. "I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United landed a 'once in a generation' bargain by signing Alexis Sanchez, according to former Liverpool director Christian Purslow.
Sanchez, 29 swapped the Emirates for Old Trafford in January, having looked like being headed for rivals Manchester City.
But in a coup hailed as "fantastic" by Jose Mourinho, the Red Devils landed Sanchez in a swap deal for Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
"We will never quite know the sequence of events that led to that potential transaction winding away into a United purchase," Purslow told Sky Sports News .
(Image: AFP)
"It has the look from the outside, I don't know this to be true, that Arsenal out of nowhere had their dreams come true.
"Rather than being in a unilateral discussion with City taking their best player nearly on a free, they had a little auction going when Mourinho and Antonio Conte both spoke up in early January that actually getting Sanchez was a once in a generation opportunity to buy a top player for not much money down.
(Image: Man Utd via Getty Images)
"I think Arsenal suddenly had a little auction going. I suspect when Sanchez's agent said to Manchester City's executive team: 'you might have to improve my deal up a bit because United are here' - that [would have] felt like a breach in trust.
"They thought they had a handshake deal at best. I bet they were very angry about that and I suspect they thought actually let's walk away from this deal leaving Manchester United to sweep him up.
"Brilliant outcome for United, pretty good outcome for Arsenal on balance but I suspect not a very happy camp at City around the way that deal was conducted."
Manchester United transfer news: New signing to be announced soon, update on Fred and more – 30th May 2018
All the latest Manchester United news in one place!
Sripad SENIOR ANALYST Feature 30 May 2018, 21:25 IST 10.04K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Big moves!
Manchester United to announce the signing of Dalot
Manchester United will be announcing the signing of Diogo Dalot in the coming hours as reports by A Bola (via MEN). The right-back is set to become the first signing of the summer for the Red Devils,
The 19-year-old is seen as a long-term replacement for Antonio Valencia. Ecuadorian is 32-years-old has been a brilliant player for The Reds under Mourinho is set to be appointed as the club captain.
Portuguese paper, O Jogo states that FC Porto tried to renew Dalot's contract last season his agent, Carlos Gonçalves kept postponing the meetings.
Update on Fred's move to Old Trafford
Manchester United are still working on finalising the transfer of Fred with Shakhtar Donetsk as per MEN. The midfielder is currently in England as he is in Brazil's World Cup warm-up match squad that faces Croatia on Saturday.
Fred has a €60 million release clause in his contract as per the report and Manchester United, along with his agent, are trying to convince the Ukrainian club to sell him for a lower price.
MEN claim that ManUtd are ready to pay €60 million but only with achievable add-ons. They have also added a quote by Fred in which he revealed that he was close to joining Manchester City in January. “There have been some advanced talks since January when I almost went to Man City,” said Fred.
Jordi Alba on Jose Mourinho's radar
Manchester United have set sights on signing Jordi Alba as per reports in The Sun. The English publication has also linked Chelsea with the Barcelona left-back.
The Spaniard is frustrated with the Catalan side as they have prolonged his contract talks as per the report. Alba has a £131 million release clause in his contract.
Alba isn't the only left-back linked with the two clubs. Alex Sandro was also said to be on the radar of both sides but that rumour has cooled down.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A climber who fell from a cliff face and plunged into the Avon Gorge died at the scene, police have confirmed.
Emergency services were called around 11.48am today (Friday, February 2) after reports a climber had fallen in the Avon Gorge in Bristol.
The man in his 40s is believed to have fallen off a stretch of cliff face that is a recognised climbing route, with climbing holds fixed to the rock.
At the time of the incident a spokesman for the South Western Ambulance Service NHS Trust said a man in his 40s fell from a cliff face near The Portway.
A huge rescue operation was launched involving police, ambulance crews, firefighters, the air ambulance and the coastguard helicopter. Emergency services said the climber had suffered head injuries and his condition was not clear.
Avon and Somerset police have now confirmed the man died, and a spokesman said: "Sadly, the climber was pronounced dead at the scene. We are taking steps to identify and notify next of kin.
(Image: Dan Regan)
The Portway was closed following the incident and emergency services were seen attending on the cliffs and at the bottom of the Avon Gorge.
"The Circular road remains closed. The Portway has now been reopened," the police spokesman said.
Avon Fire and Rescue Service also assisted in the rescue operation, its spokeswoman said: "We were called to the Circular Road, Clifton to assist with an incident involving a climber who had fallen and is located halfway down the cliff face.
(Image: Dan Regan)
"They are thought to have head injuries and crews from Temple, Southmead and Bedminster are currently working with the coastguard air support to rescue the climber."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MPs have launched a fresh bid to scrap the 130-year-old first-past-the-post voting system.
Politicians from every party have joined forces in a dramatic drive to bring in proportional representation in a major overhaul the current electoral system.
Labour, Lib Dems, Tories, Greens, Plaid Cymru and the SNP are all represented in a newly-formed parliamentary group targeting radical reform, the Daily Mirror can reveal.
It aims to push for “the adoption of a system of proportional representation at all levels of governance in the UK”.
The move comes amid a growing distrust in politics, with "real reform needed to give voters a stronger voice", according to the new All Party Parliamentary Group for Proportional Representation.
Labour MP Daniel Zeichner, chair of the cross-party group and MP for Cambridge, said: “In swathes of the country, Labour voters currently go unrepresented on local councils.
(Image: PA)
"It is similar In Cambridge, where Conservative voters are unrepresented on the city council. This cannot be right - we need to introduce a new way of voting in this country which will make all of our votes count, and enhance our democracy.”
Lib Dem MP Wera Hobhouse, group vice-chair and MP for Bath, added: “Our current voting system disenfranchises far too many people and creates an adversarial political culture which does not allow for constructive discourse in which good decisions are made.
"Electoral reform is essential to create a better democracy in which we fully engage with all our citizens and allow them to participate.”
It comes as a poll shows fewer than one in three voters think they make any difference to the general election outcomes.
An ICM survey of 2,000 voters commissioned by campaign group Make Votes Matter to mark National Democracy Week shows most have no faith in the process.
Two thirds believe the share of seats should match the share of votes. More than half want the first-past-the-post system replaced by proportional representation.
(Image: Daniel Zeichner)
Theresa May's Tories currently cling to office with only 43% of the vote after a shady deal with the DUP .
Tory MP Jeremy Lefroy, also a member of the new group, said: "The Party Parliamentary Group for Proportional Representation is an important first step in assessing how we can improve our democratic system - to empower voters and ensure their voices are properly heard."
Green MP Caroline Lucas, Plaid Cymru MP Hywel Williams and SNP MP Martyn Day have also joined the group.
Critics of proportional representation say they have concerns that it would weaken the direct constituency link which is a key feature of the UK parliamentary system.
But advocates of change point out that many proportional representation systems maintain a constituency link, with most developed countries using some form of PR.
Darren Hughes, Chief Executive of the Electoral Reform Society which will support the APPG, said Westminster's current electoral system was "both unjust and outdated".
He added: "At last year's General Election, 68% of votes had no impact on the result - going to either unsuccessful candidates or being beyond those required for a winning candidate to be successful.
“A system of proportional representation to replace first-past-the-post is vital to ensure all voices are being heard. It's time for a politics which reflects how citizens actually vote, to close the huge divide between voters and Parliament.
“The launch of this group is an essential step in building alliances around this vital democratic change.”
Make Votes Matter co-facilitator Klina Jordan said: “Without a hint of irony the Government, which is only in power because of a voting system that wastes millions of votes, is celebrating the state of British democracy. It would be laughable if it wasn't so hypocritical.
“This survey shows that voters are sick and tired of First Past The Post, which locks many out of the political system and ignores millions of voices. It is time that all parties came together to bring in Proportional Representation, which would make every vote matter and our society a truly democratic one.”
RICHMOND, Ky. — Delano Spencer scored 20 points with six 3-pointers, Christian Mekowulu added 19 points, and Tennessee State beat Eastern Kentucky 73-60 on Saturday night to win its fourth straight.
Darreon Reddick scored 11 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Tigers (12-11, 7-5 Ohio Valley Conference), who shot 50 per cent from the field and made 16 of 20 free throws.
Spencer bracketed a 10-1 run with 3s for a 42-32 Tigers lead, then hit back-to-back 3s for a 52-43 lead with 10:10 to play. Zach Charles replied with a 3 and the Blazers trailed by six, but got no closer from there.
The Colonels led 21-19 on Nick Mayo's 3, but Ken'Darrius Hamilton's layup sparked a 9-2 run and the Tigers led 32-28 at halftime after holding Eastern Kentucky to 38 per cent shooting from the field.
OTTAWA — Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as she announced an agreement in principle with survivors of the '60s Scoop.
The agreement provides up to $750 million in compensation for individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
It also includes an investment of up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
Bennett called the 60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
RIYADH — The Council of Ministers on Monday approved the organizational procedures for the General Authority of Sports with the aim to promote sports and encourage all sections of society to practice and take part in various sport events.
Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman chaired the weekly session of the Cabinet at Al-Yamama Palace in Riyadh.
At the outset of the session, the Cabinet congratulated the King on the second anniversary of his accession to the throne and the remarkable achievements made by the Kingdom during the two years of his rule in all spheres of life.
In a statement to the Saudi Press Agency following the session, Minister of Culture and Information Dr. Adel Al-Turaifi said the newly approved procedures for sports authority aims to organize and develop the sports sector.
The authority would also work to spread the culture of voluntarism, encourage societal participation in sports, take necessary steps to combat doping in sports and take part, together with the concerned agencies, in developing sports medicine.
Al-Turaifi said the Cabinet noted that the general budget for the fiscal year 2017 demonstrated the Saudi economy's strength to cope with economic and financial challenges as a result of prudent fiscal policies.
The Cabinet also commended the overwhelming response shown by all segments of society to the popular campaign for Syrians launched by King Salman. The Cabinet welcomed the proposals of US Secretary of State John Kerry on the final solution of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
Al-Turaifi said the Cabinet approved the incentives and privileges to be granted to donors who buy antiques or heritage pieces or private collections in order to showcase in museums.
The Cabinet approved a memorandum of understanding between the Saudi Financial Investigation Unit and the Indian Financial Intelligence Unit to cooperate in the exchange of intelligence with regard to terror funding, money laundering and related crimes.
Is The Warning That Creatine's Not For Teens Getting Through?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tara Moore/Getty Images Tara Moore/Getty Images
Creatine, a chemical constituent of meat and fish that's legally been sold online, in supermarkets, health food stores and vitamin shops for at least a couple of decades, may be the most commonly used muscle-building supplement marketed.
But the safety and effectiveness of creatine hasn't been rigorously analyzed by the Food and Drug Administration in the way that drugs are evaluated. And while proponents argue that the supplement's long history of use by many athletes suggests it's relatively safe for healthy adults, pediatricians warn that it's unclear whether the supplement might harm the growing muscles and bones of kids and teens. That hasn't been studied.
The American Academy of Pediatrics specifically recommends against its use by adolescents, and most of the flavored powders, tablets, energy bars and drink mixes containing creatine bear warning labels that the supplement is not recommended for anyone under 18.
Even so, use of the supplement among teens seems to be rising, particularly among young male athletes. Researchers at the Steven and Alexandra Cohen Children's Medical Center of New York wondered whether retailers were appropriately cautioning high schoolers and middle schoolers not to take the stuff.
So they did a little survey: A 20-year-old undergraduate, a member of the research team, called 244 health food stores across the U.S., posing as a 15-year-old football player seeking to increase his muscle strength. In each phone call he asked workers at the stores for their recommendations about which, if any supplements he should take.
More than two thirds of the sales associates recommended creatine to the caller — despite the label clearly warning against its use by young people. The researchers published their findings in in the February 2017 issue of the journal, Pediatrics.
"The biggest concern for teens is the potential impurity of the supplement," says Dr. Michelle LaBotz, a pediatrician in private practice who specializes in sports medicine and co-authored the cautionary position paper on creatine for the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Sports Medicine & Fitness.
Because the FDA only lightly regulates dietary supplements, LaBotz explains, the purity of these creatine products cannot be assured; some have been found to be contaminated with other substances, including testosterone, which can impair a child's ability to grow and develop bone.
The body is an "amazing machine which functions, for the most part, beautifully on its own," says Dr. Ruth Lynn Milanaik, who led the study.
"There's no need to rush the game of muscle mass, which can be added slowly and healthfully through clean living, a good diet and exercise," Milanaik tells Shots.
LaBotz says a solid, strength training program can increase a teen's strength by 30 percent or more in 12 weeks, and is far more effective than taking creatine.
Milanaik says her findings should be considered a "call to arms" for parents, coaches, pediatricians and retailers, to address and discuss potential risk of supplement use, especially with adolescent athletes.
Suspect Arrested In Death Of N. Korean Dictator's Half-Brother
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
WWE News: R-Truth shoots music video for his latest song 'Back against the wall'
What's Up with R-Truth's latest song?
@SGCWrestling by Simon Cotton News 15 Feb 2017, 16:38 IST
R-Truth is at it again with a new song
What's the Story?
WWE Superstar R-Truth is continuing his musical endeavours and is working on a music video for his latest song, “Back Against The Wall.”
The song is scheduled for release on February 24, 2017, and is a collaborative rap song with LAROO THA HARD HITTA RTK. Both R-Truth and LAROO took to Twitter to talk about working on the music video on Monday.
Early morning video shoot, " Back Against The Wall " Ron Killings an Laroo RTK... STOP!! Tell'em, betta look back. pic.twitter.com/vQdndAdCqG — WWE R-Truth (@RonKillings) February 13, 2017
In case you didn't know...
While R-Truth is more known for his time as a wrestler in both WWE and TNA, he has been making music for 14 years. His first album was made under his previous name and was entitled K-Krush: Invincible. He made his debut as K-Krush in 2000 and was paired up with Road Dogg Jesse James.
R-Truth has made several raps songs since then and even did the music for his current and previous theme song, “Time to Get Crunk.” He also released an album last year entitled “Killingit” that was released on April 1, 2016, and a single titled “I Be Like”, later in the year in June.
His YouTube Channel has several of his songs on it, in addition to some videos involving his family life. R-Truth's biggest video to date was the track titled “For Little Jimmy.”
The heart of the matter
R-Truth's rap career is more of a hobby than anything else, but he seems to put a lot of effort into it. His music videos tend to have good production so the same could be expected for his latest song. The few responses from his Twitter feed seem to encourage his efforts, so his single will probably do well enough.
What's Next?
The song's release isn't scheduled until a week from now, so if anyone is interested in viewing it they will have to wait until then or preorder it now. This will mark his first song of 2017, so hopefully, he does well with it.
Sportskeeda's take
It may be an unfortunate truth, but wrestlers delving into music never tends to work out. From MVP to Macho Man Randy Savage, there are a lot more failed stints in the music industry than there are successes.
His music on iTunes doesn't seem to have that many people interested in it currently, but that may change if he promotes it whenever he returns to television.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
You're reading our weekly Maker Pro Newsletter, which focuses on the impact of makers in business and technology. Our coverage includes hardware startups, new products, incubators, and innovators, along with technology and market trends. Subscribe today and never miss a post.
“By collaborating across borders we have an opportunity to create tomorrow's trillion-dollar pie, rather than squabbling over slices of yesterday's.” – RealWear Founder Andy Lowery
Startups are the Future of 3D Printing
A terrific new interview with Sculpteo (@sculpteo) CEO Clément Moreau(@c_moreau) looks at the cutting edge of rapid prototyping, the company's work with Paris startup campus Station F (@joinstationf), and the future of entrepreneurship and 3D printing.
Moreau's key point is about how Sculpteo sees fabrication technology itself: as a revolution akin to what modern programming languages have brought to computer science in recent decades — by making it possible for people with little formal training to turn their creativity and insight into tangible results.
3D printing “enables non-experienced people to start developing their own mockups, enclosure, and hardware device,” he said. “Of course at some point you still need a good mechanical engineer or designer if you want to be very precise, but a software engineer, a graphic designer or a MBA-graduate CEO is able to start and field test its very own design for his product, before she needs to raise money from business angels.”
La Machine's New Wonder of the World
The unstoppable design geniuses at La Machine have launched a Kickstarter campaign for what looks like their most ambitious project to date: the Herons' Tree, a towering structure that Make: senior editor Caleb Kraft (@calebkraft) compared to the classic wonders of the world.
The Herons' Tree, which will be built in Nantes, France, looks like a combination of a treehouse and a public greenspace. It's already raised twice its original goal, with more than a month left.
Building Bridges Between the U.S. and China
A deep dive in Crunchbase looks at an unusual joint venture — between a U.S. startup and a Chinese one — that both parties hope will become a “‘blueprint' for cross-border tech startup collaboration.”
Andy Lowery, the founder of wearable maker RealWear (@realwearinc), is a veteran of both the U.S. Navy (@USNavy) and Raytheon (@Raytheon). Sonny Xin is the co-founder of RealMax Group, a Shanghai augmented reality startup. The duo hope have social ambitions in addition to business goals: they hope that the joint venture will usher in a new era of collaboration between Chinese and American entrepreneurs.
“By collaborating across borders we have an opportunity to create tomorrow's trillion-dollar pie, rather than squabbling over slices of yesterday's,” Lowery told Crunchbase. “The more we share globally, the stronger all of our economies become.”
This Smart Motor Could Revolutionize Drones
IQ Motion Control (@iqmotioncontrol) makes smart motors and controllers aimed at drone builders, and their demos will absolutely knock your socks off — first take a look at this clip showing off the unit's control capabilities, then watch this video of how nimble pilots can use the system to flip a drone over and fly upside-down.
The group is currently running a crowdfunding campaign on Crowd Supply (@crowd_supply), which has already met its funding goal. Co-founder Jon Broome recently wrote a column about lesson's he's learned to bring IQ Motion, which started as an academic research project, into the complex world of overseas manufacturing.
Elsewhere on the Maker Pro Web
Twelve-year-old maker Allie Weber (@RobotMakerGirl) interviewed Limor Fried, and the result is a delightful jaunt through Fried's life, philosophy, and career with Adafruit (@adafruit) that's loaded with insights for maker pros. “Originality comes later, after you've gained some skill,” Fried said. “It's totally okay to copy a project to get started.”
Lux Capital (@Lux_Capital) partner Shahin Farshchi (@Farshchi) penned a terrific guide for startups looking at emerging technologies, from augmented reality to spacetech and robotics.
Austin may be best known for its music and tacos, but it's also home to a booming hardware ecosystem, according to a new roundup of startups working on 3D printing tech, robot baristas and even an underwater camera for locating good fishing spots.
Make: correspondent Liam Grace-Flood profiled the South African design consultancy Thingking (@weareThingking) and its work with the Maker Library Network, which runs open-access workshops and private design studios around the world.
Indian maker pros and international corporations alike gathered in Kochi this past weekend for a summit on the future of hardware entrepreneurship in the subcontinent. The gathering was organized by Maker Village, an Indian hardware incubator.
When life gives you an amputated arm, sometimes you need to hack together a prosthesis that shoots nerf darts. That's what creative agency Hacker Loop did — complete with with an electromyographic interface that fires when the wearer flexes a muscle in his or her forearm — with delightful results.
TNPL 2018: Karaikudi Kaalai appoint S Badrinath as their head coach
This will be Badrinath's maiden stint as the coach and the former Tamil Nadu captain is really excited about his new role.
Former India batsman Subramaniam Badrinath has been appointed as the head coach of the Tamil Nadu Premier League side Karaikudi Kaalai. Badrinath, who was part of the Karaikudi side over the last two seasons, hung up his boots earlier this season and has decided to stay with them as the team's head coach.
This will be Badri's maiden stint as the coach and the former Tamil Nadu captain is really excited about his new role.
"I am excited but I definitely think it is going to be challenging for me. I am looking forward to it. As you said, it is a new role for me as a head coach and it will have its own challenges. In the TN Premier League, there will be a lot of youngsters and for me, dealing with them, giving them proper roles and bringing the best out of them will be a big challenge.
"At the same time, it is what I am looking forward to. I have been with Karaikudi Kaalai for the last two years, I have led them in those years and I have been looking to build upon that and keep up the good work. Karaikudi started as the eight pick in the first season and from there, we went on to finish in the top-4 last season. So, I think the important thing is to keep up the good work and continue from where we left last year," Badri told Sportskeeda.
After having played a majority of his career in Tamil Nadu, Badri will know a majority of the cricketers, who are playing in the domestic leagues in the state. He also said that dealing with the age-group cricketers will be a big challenge for him as he has detached himself a bit from them.
"Definitely. I have played a lot of cricket in Tamil Nadu. I have played a lot with the first-class cricketers but I am a little bit detached from the under-19, under-22 and under-23 cricketers. I think that is where my challenge will be, ie. to understand the youngsters with whom I have not played with. It is very easy for me to deal with the players I know and the same cannot be said about the players who I haven't played with. That's where my challenge comes in. I have got a great bunch of support staffs. Our assistant coach PC Prakash is involved with junior cricket and his inputs will be helpful for me in dealing with them. Having said that, I am looking forward to it," he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman claims her brand-new iPhone was full of contacts for celebs including Adele and Nick Grimshaw, after a suspected glitch saw the numbers appear on her device.
Sophie Highfield, 31, bought the new iPhone 5S from Three Mobile and for months didn't notice any issues.
But one day when she typed in ‘M' for mum, phone numbers for four other ‘mums' she didn't recognise appeared on her screen.
Confused, she began typing other letters - and says she discovered contact details for Radio 1 DJs, TV icons and Olympic athletes - and even singer Adele .
Other contacts include gold medal-winning long jumper Greg Rutherford, comedian David Walliams, fashion guru Gok Wan and Spice Girl Emma Bunton.
(Photo: REX)
The late actress Lynda Bellingham, Busted's Matt Willis, Loose Women's Denise Welch and Nick Lyndhurst - Rodney from Only Fools and Horses - are also listed.
Others big names include Radio 1 DJs Greg James and Nick Grimshaw - listed as Greg 'The Legend' James and Grimmy - as well as producers and other TV figures.
After a month-long investigation - involving hours of work for Sophie - Apple have failed to explain how the problem happened.
Sophie, of Erdington, Birmingham said: "The phone was supposed to be brand new and completely untouched.
"I've got no idea how it has happened. I seem to have access to literally hundreds of people's numbers.
"I didn't notice it at first because the contacts aren't in my address book but when I go into messages to send a text and type in the letter 'A', it comes up with 'A' for Adele.
"There are loads of celebrities - Emma Bunton, Denise Welch, Gok Wan
"There are also lots of producers. I feel like it might have belonged to someone from the BBC or the TV industry."
As well as celebs, Sophie's mobile contains numbers for a host of random strangers - including 'Brandon from Subway' and 'Sophie Babysitter'.
(Photo: ITV)
'Kieran Window Cleaner', 'Christine in the club','Mark pest control' 'Suzie next door' and 'Kev the Ledge' are also in the iPhone's memory.
Other entries appear to be for BBC staff members and others in the TV industry, including various people from the Loose Women and Britain's Got More Talent teams.
While some numbers start with +44 and are from the UK, others begin with +1, meaning they are from the US.
"It is quite annoying having them all there," Sophie added.
"I actually have no idea how many numbers there are. There must be hundreds.
"I feel like it is a data breach. I've not been entirely sure what to do. It's kind of a big thing.
"I haven't purchased these numbers, they've just fallen into my hands."
Sophie, who bought the phone in June 2014, said there's no way she added all those people and believes she has the data of multiple other iPhone users on her mobile.
(Photo: Getty)
She said she didn't notice the problem at first as she mostly uses Facebook to talk to friends and family, and at first she didn't pay much attention.
But recently she considered buying a new phone and decided to share her story, because she wants to keep her number but doesn't want all the contacts.
Three said the mix-up was not down to them, as the phone was brand new when Sophie bought it, and experts believe it's down to an iCloud glitch.
Vladimir Katalov, CEO of software company ElcomSoft, whose headquarters are in Moscow, said: "This is the first case I have heard about.
"The device was new and not refurbished so there was no previous owner, and that device wasn't connected to any other accounts before.
"It must be a problem with Apple iCloud."
He added: "Apple must take it seriously.
"If you can't see any other devices connected to your iCloud but still some information is sharing or syncing across different accounts, we might have serious trouble."
Cybersecurity consultant Morgan Kemp, of UK tech company Assuria, added: "I would expect that it's something to do with iCloud.
He added that if the iPhone is a refurbished phone - and not brand new like Sophie was told it was when she bought it - the previous owner's numbers could still be on the device.
"A reset should solve the issue but clearly if it is not, that means there is some sort of automatic syncing," he added.
"This indicates some sort of link up that shouldn't be there."
Three said the device was sold brand new and that is "no way" there could have been any data stored on it, adding that it is a software issue.
A spokesman said: "A new device was supplied to the customer at point of sale with no data stored on it."
Apple carried out a month-long investigation into the issue but declined to comment on what caused it.
They advised that the issue can happen with secondhand phones that haven't been properly wiped.
Texas-based MountainKing Potatoes is kicking off crawfish boil season, better known among produce merchandisers as Christmas in the Spring, with a promotion aimed at helping retailers meet the demand for Crawfish B-Red potatoes cooked up at backyard parties and community festivals across the Gulf Coast.
MountainKing's Crawfish B-Red Challenge will award an Apple Watch or iPad to the retailer with the highest percentage sales increase of the company's 3-pound B-Reds to total potato sales for the period Feb. 15-April 11. District winners will earn $50 Bass Pro gift cards.
As part of the promotion, MountainKing's in-store merchandising team will assist retailers with building effective selling displays featuring the company's 120-count display bins, high-graphic display wraps and POS signs.
“We grew a bumper crop of B-Reds to prepare for this year's demand,” said John Pope, the company's VP of marketing. “The crawfish boil season just seems to get bigger every year.”
MountainKing's B-Reds are specially grown and uniquely packaged with crawfish boils in mind, added Pope.
They not only keep their shape after boiling thanks to their waxy texture and high moisture content, but their “boil-in-bag” packaging allows them to be dropped straight into a pot without removing them from the bag, he noted. Plus, the boil-n-bag feature keeps the red potatoes separated from other ingredients.
MountainKing's Crawfish B-Red Potatoes are available in 3-pound bags, ideal for gatherings of 10-12 partygoers.
St Joseph's Primary raised over £600 for a school in Malawi by holding a coffee morning in June this year.
The event made a total of £610.19 which will be given to Mitsidi Primary School to allow the children to develop their talents through education and hopefully help them to achieve a better life.
The school plans to use the money to repaint all the chalkboards.
In addition, the school library is a very small building and while it has an excellent stock of English books as a result of an earlier collection by St Joseph's Parish, there is not much room left for the pupils to sit or stand and read because the bookshelves take up so much space.
The Parish Mitsidi group has already approved a quote to extend the library building but extra funds will be needed to equip the library for the pupils.
Mitsidi Primary is in southern Malawi.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain, leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury.
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda's spot on the active roster. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster.
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado. Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season, posting a 2.54 ERA.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Jason Aldean is bringing his “They Don't Know” Tour to South Florida on August 19th and KISS 99.9 wants to send you to the show for free.
So we're gonna play a game of TICKET TAG every hour this week between 9:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m.
What do you have to do to win?
On Monday August 14th, starting at 9:00am, listen for the cue to call. Caller 9 will win a pair of tickets to see Jason Aldean.
But be sure to pay attention because we'll announce the winner's name and city and you need to REMEMBER it.
Every hour, we'll give you the cue to call and each Caller 9 has to know the previous winner's name and city. If you get it right, YOU win a pair of Jason Aldean tickets.
So be sure to keep listening and know the name and city of the person who won the previous hour.
Good luck, and TAG, you're it 😉
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE RULES
Summer is back, bringing with it longer, sunnier days, backyard barbeques and that delightful, carefree outlook that tends to reawaken during the warmer months. However, sometimes the busyness of summer activities, vacations and social gatherings can leave you feeling less than rejuvenated. To combat summertime fatigue and keep your glow all season long try adopting a few of these tried-and-true self-care habits.
Water Your Body
Hydrate, hydrate, hydrate. No seriously, if you only take away one of these tips, it should be this one. Dehydration is one of the common summer health issues, and some studies show that nearly 75% of Americans are functioning in a chronically dehydrated state. This can cause a whole range of issues that has the potential to affect everything from digestion and muscle function to sleep patterns and mental acuity. So, as the weather warms up and humidity reaches its peak, it's more important than ever to ensure you're drinking enough water. If you're outside in the heat for long periods of time, such as the beach or poolside, and especially if you're participating in rigorous activities (like a heated game of beach volleyball or ultimate Frisbee) make sure you're drinking throughout the day to make up for water lost through perspiration. Additionally, for all you globetrotters out there: if you're planning on travelling by air this summer it's best to pass on the complimentary coffees and cocktails until you're landside; stick to water or tea. Elevation changes can be particularly drying for your skin, including the delicate tissue around the lips and nostrils.
Revamp Your Workout Routine
Summertime is the best time of the year to get yourself out of an exercise rut. Longer days and warmer temps make for the perfect environment to take a break from the gym and use the outdoors as your fitness playground. Instead of logging 40 minutes on a treadmill, research some nearby trails and take a hike after work. Check out local meet up groups and join a sunrise yoga class or get creative at the park. With just a bit of online research you can create an exercise routine using the monkey bars, a park bench and a tree to get a killer workout and commune with nature at the same time.
Eat Seasonal
While grocery stores and the ability to import allows for nearly year-round access to most of our favorite foods, there's something to be said about eating as our ancestors did: with the seasons. Not only does this give your body variety, seasonal fruits and vegetables will likely be the most robust of your choices, meaning fresher taste and more nutritious. Typically summer means berries, black cherries, melons, arugula, beets and kale; however, regionally this may differ. Take advantage of your local farmer's markets to shop fresh seasonal finds. This is an awesome opportunity to not only shop local and support your community, but a day at the farmer's market is one of those summer activities that tends to feed both body and soul.
Skincare
As the seasons change our skin has a habit of changing as well, usually in response to a shift in temperature, moisture or other elements. You may notice an increase in whiteheads during the summer months, which are caused by a combination of sebum (oil) and dead skin. Extra oil produced in response to hot weather, combined with skin that's been overexposed to the sun creates the perfect conditions for a crop of these bad boys. For whitehead pimple treatment and prevention it's important to stick to a routine of cleansing, exfoliating, and yes, moisturizing, even if it feels unnecessary with added humidity. Try switching to a lighter moisturizer to combat acne-prone complexions, but opt for one with SPF. Sun protection is more important than ever during the summer, and it's beneficial to layer an SPF moisturizer with sunscreen before starting your day.
Be Mindful
If you aren't yet in the practice of meditating, now is as good a time as ever to cultivate a healthy brain space. Many confuse mediation with a spiritual practice, and while it can be combined or incorporated with religion or spirituality, meditation is centered on the ability to focus on the mind, and has an incredible range of benefits including better sleep, increased happiness and a stronger immune system. So, even if you don't have a trip to Hawaii planned this summer, taking 10 or 15 minutes a day to focus your breathing and clear your mind is a good way to plan a mini vacation for yourself, every day. If you're not sure how to start, there's plenty of beginner's guides online, or consider joining a local meditation class.
Operation Freedom
David H. Janda, M.D. is an orthopedic surgeon based in Ann Arbor, Michigan and a member of a nine-member orthopedic surgery group. In addition, Dr. Janda is the director and founder of the Institute for Preventative Sports Medicine, based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, which is the only health care cost containment organization of its kind in North America. Dr. Janda's academic career has been highlighted by many awards and distinctions. In the early years, he was one of the winners of the Westinghouse Science Talent Search Competition, which was conducted in Washington, D.C. In addition, he obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree majoring in Chemistry and in Economics and graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bucknell University in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania. He obtained his M.D. degree from Northwestern University Medical School in Chicago and served as one of the leaders within the medical school community as a member of the Senate for a three-year duration. Dr. Janda then completed an internship and residency at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and then completed a fellowship in shoulder reconstructive surgery and sports medicine in London, Ontario, Canada.
A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
September's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, however, last month's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
READ MORE: Sears Canada seeks court approval to close more B.C. stores
READ MORE: Economist, union president named to Fair Wages Commission
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James McAvoy is in mourning following the death of his mum aged 59.
Liz Johnstone, who had battled ill-health for years, passed away on January 18 at the Glasgow council flat she lived in with son James and daughter Joy before they found fame.
Liz had remained close to her children despite them being brought up by her parents, Jim and Mary Johnstone, who lived close by in Drumchapel.
Despite James's fame, his family shunned the limelight and were content to remain in the tough neighbourhood.
The Last King of Scotland, X-Men and Filth star James is a regular visitor to Drumchapel in Scotland and has often been seen out walking with his grandad.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
He always maintained his relationship with his mum despite washing his hands of his dad, also James, when the pair split when he was seven.
A local source told the Daily Record: “Liz had health troubles and faced up to them as well as possible but it meant she really kept herself to herself. James became estranged from his dad but he was supportive of his mother.
“She had no desire to change her life on the back of his fame. She wished to stay in Drumchapel and that's what she did.
“She never ever held any airs and graces about James and Joy being on TV or in movies and she would play it down. But she was very proud of them both.
“Her parents have always been just the same and never wanted any fuss.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“They were proud of their grandchildren as any other grandparents would be.
“They are extremely nice and down to earth people and that probably helped keep James fairly grounded despite his big success.”
Liz, a psychiatric nurse, died on January 18 at her home on Drumchapel Road. Police said a report into her death will be sent to the procurator fiscal.
James McAvoy Snr has worked as a roofer during chaotic years since his estrangement from his son.
His later relationship with Mary McKinnon, which has ended, produced a half brother to young James and Joy.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Donald McAvoy took to the wrong side of the tracks and in 2008 was jailed for stabbing a man eight times. He also has convictions for threatening a 14-year-old with a hammer and this year he was given nine months for abducting and beating a father-of-four over an unpaid drug debt.
The source added: “James couldn't be different from Donald and he has never had anything to do with him. James was quiet as a boy and never got involved with any of the gang stuff, which can make or break your life in Drumchapel.
“He got a break in acting and he grabbed his chance.”
(Image: Getty)
Joy's biggest break came with an appearance alongside her brother in Filth, adapted from the Irvine Welsh novel.
James, 38, has been nominated for many major awards, winning critical acclaim for his portrayal of a man with 23 personalities in Split, directed by M. Night Shyamalan.
He made it big in the Channel 4 production of Shameless before big roles in the X Men movies.
He also starred alongside Angelina Jolie in 2008 thriller Wanted.
(Image: Rex)
James split with wife Anne Marie Duff, whom he met while filming Shameless, in 2016. The pair have continued to be friends. And stayed together with son Brendan in their £1.9 million four-bed terraced house in north London after the split.
He has always been reticent about talking his private life.
In a statement, Police Scotland said: “Around 5.30pm on the 18th of January, the body of a 59-year-old woman was found in a a property on Drumchapel Road.
“The death is being treated as non-suspicious and a report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal.”
President Trump “offered the job of national security advisor to retired Vice Adm. Robert Harward on Monday night, and was a bit surprised when Harward responded by saying he needed a couple of days to think it over,” Foreign Policy reports.
“If, as expected, Harward accepts the job today, he is likely to bring in his own team, from deputy on down, with a focus on national security types with some experience under their belts.”
Bitcoin's early adopters have held fast to the dream of a single world currency that is private, free for all to use, and under the control of the masses. But the seven billion people not yet using Bitcoin might not care about any of that. With networks, convenience wins, and convenience is based on size. It's the reason you're on Facebook rather than some other social-media site—because everyone else is. If cryptocurrencies are to be widely used, it will be the habits of the masses, not the wishes of Bitcoin's early adopters, that determine what becomes of founder Satoshi Nakamoto's vision.
In 2009, Satoshi Nakamoto served the world an entirely new kind of currency. It was one that people could move over the internet instantaneously and nearly free of charge. Issued and distributed not by a central bank but by its own users, it drew the drapes of privacy around financial transactions while making forgery—in theory, at least—impossible.
It's nine years later, continues Morgen Peck in MIT's Technology Review, and there are now 24 million active Bitcoin wallets in use around the world. The value of a single bitcoin has risen from about a dollar in 2011 to as high as $19,700 in late 2017.
But success, of course, breeds competition. And Bitcoin is now clearly the dominant cryptocurrency; as of this writing, in early April, its market cap was three times that of Ethereum, its nearest competitor, and roughly equal to those of all other cryptocurrencies combined.
Yet while Bitcoin has established an economy in which it's impossible to forge transactions, it provides no defense against replication of the idea itself. No one can copy an individual bitcoin, but anyone can copy the idea of Bitcoin. So how might a government, or a corporation, or even ordinary people, go about doing so in a way that makes Bitcoin useless or redundant? Here are a few scenarios.
The year is two-thousand-something-big, and it's the day your taxes are due. But you don't file them. Instead an algorithm automatically makes a withdrawal from your electronic wallet, in a currency called Fedcoin.
It's the digital version of those crunchy bills you only vaguely remember from many years ago, back before the central banks began taking paper cash and redeeming it for fedcoins. Over the years, you've seen less and less hard currency. You don't need it anymore, not when you can walk into a local bank, verify your identity, and set up a wallet on your phone. Sure, you still have a few dollar bills. But they are tucked away as souvenirs.
This hypothetical technology—a ­central-bank-issued digital currency built with a tweaked version of the Bitcoin blockchain—was described by David Andolfatto, a researcher at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, and later refined by Sahil Gupta, who as an undergraduate at Yale wrote a study on how a currency like Fedcoin would work. With some colleagues, he wrote code to test a simulation.
In their system, a blockchain records transactions, just the way it happens with Bitcoin. Instead of being updated by a network of unaffiliated peers, however, the Fedcoin ledger is managed by institutions certified by the Federal Reserve. “These authorized nodes could be things like Bank of America, JP Morgan—basically, trusted institutions,” Gupta told me.
Each bank is responsible for a chunk of addresses on the blockchain. When new transactions come through, the bank validates them in a new block and sends it to the Fed. The Fed then acts as the final arbiter, checking the entries and unifying the blocks into a master version of the blockchain that it makes public.
To use fedcoins, people must first show proof of identity and set up a wallet with the Federal Reserve or an affiliate bank, at which point they can buy the new currency with US dollars at a one-to-one ratio. A scheme like this, says Gupta, might gain popularity and ultimately result in the slow disappearance of physical cash.
“I'd imagine people first get comfortable spending Fedcoin on things like groceries and movie tickets,” he says. “As people realize it's easier than cash, as businesses realize it's cheaper than credit cards, and as banks realize it's literally more secure, so goes the process by which dollars are phased out of the money supply and Fedcoin phased in.”
This isn't just an academic thought experiment. The Bank of Canada built a simulation for such a currency, on a blockchain similar to Ethereum's, in 2016.
What such researchers are finding is that a digital version of state-run currencies could match or even improve upon the efficiencies of Bitcoin. Gupta believes that transactions should be processed much faster when a central bank is behind the system (as opposed to the peer-to-peer network that currently records Bitcoin transactions). This efficiency could add up to a lot of saved money. The Bank of England, which has been furiously researching blockchain technology, reported in 2016 that even partial adoption of a central-bank-issued digital currency would result in a 3 percent increase in GDP as the cost of taxes and transaction fees went down.
A shift away from cash would also make it easier for governments to collect taxes and enact monetary policy, says Campbell Harvey, a professor of finance at Duke University. For example, if a government wanted to disburse stimulus payments, it could simply deposit money into people's Fedcoin wallets. “You drop five hundred dollars in everybody's wallet, a single line of code. You're done … there's nothing in the mail, no mail being intercepted. There's no people trying to fraudulently take the money,” he says. “It's no surprise that every major central bank in the world has got a team looking at the possibilities of moving to a blockchain-­based crypto national currency.”
Continue reading Option two: Facebook Sneak Attack and Option three: Go Forth and Multiply
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Stephen Hawking's Great Question --"Why Isn't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life?"
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Point of No Return" --MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking: Wake Up, Science Deniers! --"Earth is Morphing into Venus" (WATCH Today's 'Galaxy' Stream)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
NEW YORK (AP) — A new book from Donald Trump's first wife pulls back the curtain on a tumultuous period of the president's life, including the messy divorce that was splashed across New York's tabloids for weeks.
Ivana Trump, who was married to the real estate magnate from 1977 to 1992, writes in “Raising Trump” that she knew her marriage was over soon after a day in December 1989.
“This young blonde woman approached me out of the blue and said ‘I'm Marla and I love your husband. Do you?'” writes Ivana Trump. “I said ‘Get lost. I love my husband.' It was unladylike but I was in shock.”
Trump's public affair with Marla Maples spawned the infamous “Best Sex I've Ever Had” headline in the New York Post in 1990. After divorcing his first wife, Trump married Maples in 1993.
“Raising Trump” is set to be released next week. The Associated Press purchased an early copy.
In the book, Ivana writes glowingly about her marriage to Trump and her prominent role at the Trump Organization. But then she unburdens herself about the heartache that Trump's affair with Maples caused her and the couple's three children, Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric. Donald Jr. didn't speak to his father for a year after the split.
“I can only shake my head at how it insane it was,” Ivana Trump writes. “I couldn't turn on the television without hearing my name.”
But she and the president have returned to far warmer terms. She writes that they speak about once a week and that she encourages him to keep using Twitter.
She said in a CBS News interview this week that she was offered the post of ambassador to the Czech Republic, her native country, but turned it down because she already has “a perfect life.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the ambassadorship post.
Much of the book is spent recounting Ivana Trump's childhood in Europe, her burgeoning modeling career in New York and Trump's courtship. She writes that, at their first meeting, Trump secured her and friends a table at a hot Manhattan restaurant, paid the check and chauffeured her back to her hotel in a giant Cadillac.
“My instincts told me that Donald was smart and funny — an all-America good guy,” Ivana Trump writes.
Her children also contribute passages to the book, and Ivana Trump muses that her former husband may not be the only Trump to call the White House home.
“Maybe in fifteen years, she could run for president?” she writes about her daughter, Ivanka, before musing about her own possible title. “First Lady? Holds no appeal for me personally. First Mother? That could work.”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Last year, Parinee raised around Rs400 crore from ECL Finance for the project, which was then planned as an upscale residential development called ‘Parinee Xclusive'.
Mumbai: Edelweiss Real Estate Advisory Practice (REAP) has stepped in to help sell office space in Parinee Group's project in south Mumbai, a year after Edelweiss Group's non-banking finance company (NBFC) ECL Finance Ltd funded it.
Last year, Parinee raised around Rs400 crore from ECL Finance for the project, which was then planned as an upscale residential development called ‘Parinee Xclusive'.
Now, the 8 lakh sq. ft. luxury housing project is being converted into a 50-storey office building and renamed as ‘Parinee Eminence' in a bid to capture the growing demand for office space in the area.
The Mumbai-based developer has now brought in REAP as an exclusive partner to sell the commercial project.
“The project has been converted primarily as there is a huge supply of residential projects within the vicinity. But when it comes to offices for small and medium enterprise businesses, there is a shortage,” Ram Yadav, chief executive officer, Edelweiss Real Estate Advisory Practice told Mint. Spread across 2.48 acres of prime land, the commercial project in Worli has a development potential of around 7.5 lakh sq. ft. It would comprise office spaces of 567 sq. ft. to 1,104 sq. Ft. with prices starting from Rs2.12 crore (per office unit).
In a joint statement, Parinee and Edelweiss said the commercial project would “address the continuously accumulating demand from small and medium enterprise (SMEs) owners, entrepreneurs, professionals and start-ups for small and medium-sized offices in a modern commercial environment.”
The past year has seen real estate firms shrinking their residential project portfolios and moving towards office projects due to tepid housing sales and cash flow issues. Developers in the Delhi-National Capital Region (NCR), which has been affected the worst in the ongoing slowdown, are taking up office development which has growing interest from both institutional and individual investors.
NCR-based builders such as Logix Group and Alpha Corp., which have largely developed residential projects are now looking to ramp up their commercial real estate portfolios. Mumbai-based Lodha group has also chalked out plans to expand commercial office business in a big way.
5 Indian cricketers who may retire before the 2019 World Cup
murtazahusain21 FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 13.24K // 04 Jul 2018, 14:51 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Quite a few veteran players may hang up their boots
The 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup is only 11 months away. With each passing day, the excitement for the quadrennial mega event is only increasing. Two-time title winners India are currently the best ODI team in the world, but whether their players will be able to carry their form to the tournament remains a question mark.
The on-going India v England series will also be a great teaser to India's performance on English pitches. Meanwhile, here we look at 5 star Indian cricketers, who may call it a day from international cricket before the World Cup.
Who knows, we might see them doing commentary in the tournament!
#5 Amit Mishra
At 35, Amit Mishra has neither form nor age by his side
Amit Mishra, a star performer in the domestic circuit, has never been able to cement his place in the national side, more so due to the emergence of Yuzvendra Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav. The 35-year-old leggie has played 36 ODI matches for India, in which he picked up 64 wickets with a miserly economy of 4.73.
With not many opportunities left for him, Mishra might want to put down the curtains on his international career. When he burst onto the scene in the early 2000s, his attacking legspin was quite impressive, but with Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh doing all the job for India, there wasn't a place available for him in the team.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Charlottesville: US President Donald Trump is under fire from both Republicans and Democrats for his muted response to the violence unleashed by white supremacists during a rally in Virgina in which a woman was killed.
Trump yesterday condemned violence by "many sides" - but stopped short of explicitly condemning far-right groups. The White House has since clarified in a statement that his condemnation included white supremacists.
A woman was killed and 19 were injured when a car ploughed into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
"I'd like the President to come out today, as I asked every elected official in this country. Don't hide. Be strong and do the right thing. Tell white supremacists, tell the neo-Nazis, tell the Ku Klux Klan members, tell them all. We've had enough of it. Get out of our country. You are not wanted here. You are dividing us," said Democrat Terry McAuliffe, Virginia Governor.
McAuliffe expressed his frustration over the top leadership not being vocal and specific in condemning the white supremacist groups responsible for this.
He has declared a state of emergency in Virginia.
The city has a population of about 50,000, according to 2010 census, where many Indian-Americans also live. The University of Virginia campus has a significant number of Indian students.
"I would call upon the President, the next opportunity he has to speak, to call out the white supremacists for who they are, for their hatred, for their bigotry, for the Nazis," said McAuliffe.
"We have got to work together on reconciliation to come together. This isn't politics. This is about who we are as a nation, and I call upon every elected official to join us together, to come up with constructive ways of healing, of reconciliation and just telling these people to stop," the Virginia Governor said as the White House spent most of the day in defending Trump.
"The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK Neo- Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together," a White House spokesperson has said in a statement.
"When he condemned bigotry and hatred on all sides, that includes white supremacists and neo-Nazis. I know it's clear in his mind and it ought to be clear to all Americans," National Security Advisor Lt Gen H R McMaster was quoted as saying by the NBC news.
Democrats as well as some Republicans were quick to call out Trump's language and apparent failure to single out white nationalists, who had organised Saturday's "Unite the Right" rally.
Republicans also spoke out, and used the words white nationalism or white supremacy. House Speaker Paul Ryan tweeted: "White supremacy is a scourge. This hate and its terrorism must be confronted and defeated."
Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie condemned the "racism and violence of white nationalists" and said, "Everyone in leadership must speak out."
However, his political opponents were not satisfied.
"It is an even more horrifying day when these acts take place and the President of this country refuses to acknowledge or condemn white supremacy and domestic terrorism. Instead, he painted a picture of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides," said Indian-American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal.
Thousands of protestors gathered in New York and Washington to protest Trump's response to violence in Charlottesville.
Congressman Bennie G Thompson, Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, said that theextremist activity in Charlottesville was terrorism.
"With his weak words in the wake of yesterday's terrorist incident, it is clear we cannot count on President Trump for action...," he said.
Well, Phil did in fact see his shadow earlier this morning. According to legend, we're going to be seeing 6 more weeks of winter. The forecast for at least the first week looks to hold true. Since our big cool down Thursday, temperatures will be staying much colder with some brutal wind chills. No big warm ups look to be on the horizon.
In addition to the cold, we have some accumulating snow on the way for the weekend. Check out the full forecast!
Overnight
Overcast skies will give way to scattered snow showers overnight. A light coating of snow can be expected where these snow showers occur, including on roadways. Temperatures will settle into the low teens, with wind chills continuing to hover in the single-digits to below zero at times.
Saturday
Some snow will be possible early in the day on Saturday, with the highest chances the farther west and north you are. This snow is expected to be on the lighter side and will come to an end, giving a break before snow returns in the afternoon and evening. Highs will generally be in the middle and upper 20s. Winds will still be breezy out of the southwest at 5-15 mph.
The second round of snow arriving in the afternoon and evening will increase in intensity into Saturday evening and continuing into the overnight hours. If you have travel plans this weekend and are flexible, Saturday morning and early afternoon would be the ideal times. There may be snow around, but it will likely come down a bit lighter than it will late Saturday and into Sunday.
Sunday
The snow will continue to fall going into the morning hours. Going throughout the rest of the day, we look to see this system start to exit Mid-Michigan and the snow activity will be winding down throughout the afternoon and evening. Highs on Sunday dropping back into the lower and middle 20s.
Click on the included map for a closer look at snowfall totals, and remember to check back with us for updates!
Keep an eye on our Weather Alerts pages for any advisories or warnings that may be issued as the event draws closer!
Here's where we expect snowfall totals to fall from this system:
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
“SHUT IT DOWN”: CNN CUTS LIVE FEED DURING TRUMP SPEECH by Paul Joseph Watson – Info Wars
CNN cut the live stream of President Trump's speech to the Republican National Committee last night after a voice in the background was heard to say, “shut it down”.
Footage shows Trump beginning his speech before a few minutes later the camera zooms out as Trump starts to talk about “America first”. A voice is then heard saying “shut it down, shut it down.”
The screen fades to black before a test bar appears with an audible tone along with “CNN DC4 Ka/KulP”. The screen then shows a Washington Post watermark and the feed never returns.
“Shut it Down”: CNN Cuts Live Feed During Trump Speech –
https://t.co/xswxxBbZWs pic.twitter.com/lrNMoUQdH0 — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) February 2, 2018
“Donald Trump was giving a speech at the RNC and the live feed was shut down! Shut it down shut it down Was Heard!” complained one viewer.
“Ok, WTF….They say “Shut it down, shut it down, shut it down” Right before they cut the live feed EVERYWHERE,” added another.
“Not even hiding it,” asserted another.
Sharing is caring!
Shadow
walking,
crushing juniper berries
at dusk
the dog shadows me
in his absence
* * *
“Shadow” first appeared here in April, 2015. It could be considered a companion piece to “Mother's Day,” which is included in the July 2016 edition of The Lake.
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
Barcelona, a divergence from tried and trusted club traditions
What does the future hold for Barcelona?
Aman Sridhar CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 19:54 IST 778 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Barcelona have now won 7 of the last 10 La Liga titles
Barcelona's 2017-18 season thi started with a whimper, and many would argue that it ended in one as well.
Ernesto Valverde's first competitive games in charge saw his side roll over to arguably the strongest Madrid squad in a decade. The Barça board had questions to answer, many of which they simply chose to ignore, and their team's biggest rival's immense success laid their own shortcomings for the world to see.
Fast forward 8 months later, and Barcelona have cruised to the league title with only one loss (a loss that will forever haunt this side), and a Copa del Rey. A season that started off with uncertainty ended with unimaginable success.
But Barcelona fans who are used to seeing their side compete on three different fronts on a regular basis, saw their side give up the initiative in the Champions League to a dogged and determined Roma team, and worse still, saw their most hated rivals lift it for the third time in a row.
The season has just about ended, but already Barcelona has to deal with a new set of problems, arguably bigger in scale than the Neymar one they faced last summer.
Iniesta's departure has left a giant crater-like hole for Barcelona to fill up, and the board need to act swiftly to ensure that happens. If the haphazard public relations disaster after that Neymar transfer is any indicator as to what the future has in store, Barcelona fans have very few reasons to be optimistic.
Barça legend - Iniesta
Yes they have signed Phillipe Coutinho who has started to shine already, finishing the season with a flurry of stunning goals and assists. Yes they have signed Ousmane Dembele, who despite his slip ups this season has shown glimpses of his talent.
There are loads of talk about his future, but it seems clear that he's going to hang around for at least another season. Should he perform, and there's no reason besides injury that he wouldn't, the future will look a lot brighter.
With Antoine Griezmann touted as a long term Luis Suarez replacement all set to come in, there does seem a glimmer of hope. However it is the method to this galactico type madness that has Barcelona fans concerned.
These deals only serve the purpose of burying a disgusting underbelly that the board continues to hide under sponsorship money and big talk.
This squad has been the weakest Barcelona side since before Frank Rijkaard took over, and one or two big name signings isn't going to be enough to paper over the cracks anymore.
Former President Joan Laporta destroyed the current board in an extremely candid interview highlighting just what is wrong with the club today.
Laporta was at the helm of probably the greatest club team ever witnessed
Any fan of Barcelona can see the pride felt under Laporta being ripped apart by the money making ventures of Josep Maria Bartomeu.
Laporta's immediate successor Sandro Rossell is currently in jail for a number of financial crimes, one of which was alleged to be irregularity in the Neymar deal, and now Bartomeu has taken over to continue generating revenue, tying in with Japense e-commerce giants Rakuten and spitting on the history of the club.
Every bit of honour and pride at having a shirt sponsor like Unicef is being destroyed everyday by Bartomeu.
What of La Masia? The club and its fans have often been criticized for it's haughtily expressed “Mes que un club”, having been one of the few clubs without a shirt sponsor prior to Unicef. Additionally boasting an academy that was one of the best in the world represented a clear philosophy and an idea.
Promote from within, invest in your own blood and success will arrive. But this season saw the first time in a decade that not even 1 out of 11 players that took to the field in a competitive match was an academy graduate.
Sergi Roberto is the last player from La Masia to really create an impact and he made his debut 8 years ago now. The Alcantara brothers have been shipped out, much to the dismay of Barcelona fans including myself.
Denis Suarez has seen so much mileage around Europe despite being just 24 and Sergi Samper's injury problems have stagnated his growth recently.
The irony here is that the youth teams Barça possess currently don't lack any talent, epitomized perfectly by the Juvenil A team sweeping to another Uefa Youth League title.
It is the board's misuse of the players and the disconnect between the on the ground work and behind the curtain deals that have caused the club's vision fracture
Barcelona's Team won their second Youth League Trophy this year
In Abel Ruiz, Carles Alena, Marc Cardona, Marc Cucurella and Oriol Busquets, Barcelona has a talented prospect in every position. Additionally, Riqui Puig, Alejandro Marques, Carles Peres and Alex Collado all had stunning seasons in the Uefa Youth League this year. Each one of these players deserve a shot at rebuilding the squad over the next few seasons.
But with Sergio Gomez moving to Borussia Dortmund and Jordi Mboula moving to AS Monaco, it is becoming clear that these players wouldn't be opposed to moves abroad and thus it wouldn't be a surprise if more young talent get poached away.
The fact that Riqui Puig recently came out to say that he sees his future at Barcelona is a huge coup for the club because the vultures had already begun circling.
Valverde in the meantime has also announced that Alena and potentially Oriol Busquets will be a part of the first team set up, but with the way the last few summers have gone, you will have to forgive Barça fans for having little faith.
So what happened that really changed the philosophy of the club to such a large degree?
Barcelona's peak success occurred under Pep Guardiola as manager and Joan Laporta as club president. There was perfect symmetry in vision between the two, and that led to Barcelona functioning ruthlessly and efficiently. Appeasing fans, board members and players, while being true to the club's history and identity.
The managers that followed Guardiola did bring silverware to club, but had Sandro Rossell and Josep Maria Bartomeu to deal with. Apart from Tito Villanova, none of the managers really tried to maintain the club's identity.
Bartomeu had hidden in the shadows immediately after taking over as President, but his restructuring of the board and dictatorial style of leadership has led to much loved Barcelona technical staff members such as Carles Puyol, Raul Sanllehi, and Albert Soler leave the club.
The Neymar transfer saw the Barcelona players side with their former teammate rather than the club, as a legal war began to take shape.
Young talent have started to realize that their time is limited in the modern game and are seeking assurances abroad, assurances that Barcelona's board no longer seems intent on giving them.
Bartomeu has been a divisive figure as club president
Instead Bartomeu is hell bent on bringing a galactico type setup to the club that will boost its brand overseas, this has caused friction between players and backroom staff and was one of the reasons behind the calamitous last minute pulling out of the Jean Michael Seri deal last summer as Seri wasn't seen as a big enough name.
Meanwhile Bartomeu was the reason Dani Alves left the club, and it is his horrendous decision making that could also see Samuel Umtiti leave despite him saying he doesn't want to.
Even if Clement Lenglet is signed as a replacement for Umtiti, it is the rash decision making that has fans concerned. Trust and patience; two major keys to Barcelona's success in the past is being thrown out the door in favour of small scale ego gratifying victories.
The over-dependence on Messi has been a clear problem that has not been answered, and rather than promote from within, the board has gone after signings like Andre Gomes and Paco Alcacer who have been spectacular failures.
Iniesta's departure is symbolic in more ways than one, because along with Sergio Busquets and Leo Messi, Iniesta was the last real personification of what Barcelona is supposed to be. Now with the last two in their 30s and no successors in sight, Iniesta's departure could lead to a total extinction of the traditions of the club..
The fans deserve more than this, and the players deserve trust from the very top. That has always been the Barcelona way and Valverde needs to wrestle control away from the board and cement his own vision in order for that to happen.
Valverde deserves more time at the helm
To be fair to Ernesto Valverde, he has managed to swerve the boards curve balls and gone about his business silently. This season posed many challenges, and he overcame most of them, delivering a much better than expected end to the season.
He deserves time to truly implement his vision, but his practical approach needs to be balanced out by the traditions of the club.
Real Madrid have now won 3 Champions League titles in a row, and in each of those years Barcelona was knocked out in the quarter finals. Barcelona have won the league and cup, but the standard for a club of their size is the Champions League.
This needs to be rectified and it is all Valverde will be judged on next season. Failure to improve in the Champions League will see a fan mutiny larger than imagined possible.
This season has still been a success for Barcelona, but unless there is a renaissance of the club's traditional values, the future seems very bleak.
Byron Buxton's RBI single to center broke a 4-4 tie, giving the Twins a 5-4 lead in the top of the eighth, as they went on to win 6-4 in Detroit on Sunday.
The Twins jumped out to an early lead Sunday, thanks to Brian Dozier's 25th career lead-off home run, his 23rd of this season, to make it a 1-0 ball game.
In the second, the Twins added one more, as Byron Buxton's sacrifice bunt allowed Eddie Rosario to score from third to make it 2-0.
Then Miguel Sano came up with one on in the third, and hit a laser into the left field bullpen to give the Twins a 4-0 lead.
The Tigers then began to chip away at the Twins lead.
In the fourth, the Tigers added one on John Hicks' sacrifice fly. Then in the bottom of the fifth, the Tigers scored one on a passed ball, then another on an RBI single, then the tying run came on a dropped third strike that got away from catcher Chris Gimenez, counting for the second passed ball of the inning, and tying the score at four.
However, in the top of the eighth, the Twins would break that tie with Byron Buxton's line drive single up the middle to drive in Eddie Rosario and take a 5-4 lead. Then Ehire Adrianza would hit a sacrifice fly to score Gimenez, to give the Twins an insurance run, in their eventual 6-4 victory.
Twins starter Ervin Santana went five innings, giving up four runs, two earned, on seven hits, while walking two and striking out six.
Tyler Duffey would be given the win for his 1.2 innings of relief, and Trevor Hildenberger would grab the save, his first on the year, while striking out three.
The Twins currently stand 4.5 games back of the Cleveland Indians for first place in the AL Central, but only sit a half a game back of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim for the second Wild Card spot.
The Twins are off Monday, but start a three game stand against the Cleveland Indians Tuesday night at 7:10 with Bartolo Colon (4-9) facing Danny Salazar (4-5).
Player of the Series
Rather than give the player of the series to just Brian Dozier or Eddie Rosario, the player of the series this week will be players of the series with both Dozier and Rosario worthy of the honors.
Dozier went 7-15 with a home run, three RBI's, five runs scored and a walk.
Rosario went 7-13 with two home runs, five RBI's, four runs scored and a walk as well.
The LG G7 ThinQ will be officially unveiled on Wednesday 2 May but we already know plenty about it.
Now we can even see the phone from every angle as press images of the front, rear, top, bottom and sides have emerged online.
After posting a marketing shot of the handset last week, @evleaks has followed up with a composite of the grey version of the LG G7 ThinQ in every position.
You can clearly see the Google Assistant button on the left-hand side, under the volume buttons. Its existence was also leaked recently, but this is the first time we've seen it on an image.
You can also see the dual-lens camera on the rear, plus the fingerprint sensor. And, of course, there's the notch on the front.
Interestingly, there is still a "chin" at the bottom of the display even though there is no physical button in that location. The power button is on the right-hand side of the phone.
The date on the screen is also of note: "1 June". We wonder if that'll be the on-sale date for the handset.
LG will unveil the LG G7 ThinQ in New York next week. Make sure you come back to Pocket-lint to find out how to watch the event live and see all the coverage as it happens.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Going back to work after the festive period is hard enough but Tuesday, December 3 could be particularly tricky for some with a warning of ice in Cambridgeshire.
The Met Office issued the warning on Monday, December 3 for ice in the county from 2-10am the following day.
People are being warned that untreated surfaces, such as pavements and some minor roads, 'are likely to turn very slippery later Monday night and on Tuesday morning'.
And a little freezing fog patches are also possible in the area.
The chief forecaster said: "A very cold night is in store and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later, there is the potential for a lot of frost to form, rendering some surfaces hazardous."
Temperatures will hit highs of 4 degrees centigrade on December 3 and it will be a cold but sunny day for most with mainly light winds.
RILEY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a Kansas teen for possible sexting charges.
According to the police, they filed a report for aggravated unlawful transmission of a visual depiction of a child.
On Thursday a 13-year-old boy in Manhattan allegedly sent pictures of himself to a 10-year-old girl, according the Riley County Police incident report.
Authorities did not release details on the relationship between the children or their names.
Due to the nature of the crime reported, police released no additional early Friday.
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of t
Theresa May calls for a general election on June
Models hit the beach wearing nothing but BODY PAI
Terrifying view into shark's jaws as it leaps out
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This youngster has come up with a genius way of preventing the agony of walking on blisteringly hot sand .
Nothing can be more uncomfortable than having to tiptoe across boiling hot sand.
But this boy has a way of avoiding foot burn - cover your tootsies with a plastic bag.
Yes, it might look a bit odd but as the youngster makes his way across the famous Bondi Beach in Australia he's making sure his feet are well protected.
Sunbathers can't hide their amazement as the young lad makes his way across the sand, reports the Daily Mail .
(Photo: _kat_1998/Instagram)
(Photo: _kat_1998/Instagram)
Although the boy's family don't seem totally convinced with his footwear as they trudge along behind him.
Since his antics were posted to Instagram, they have been viewed more than 80,000.
Who knows, this summer, the plastic bag footwear could be all the rage on holiday beaches.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The reboot of Porridge has been universally slammed by viewers for 'killing the memory of a classic'.
The prison sitcom returned to screens tonight with Kevin Bishop starring as Nigel Norman Fletcher, the grandson of Ronnie Baker's iconic character, Norman Stanley Fletcher.
The modern-day revamp of the 70s hit has been commissioned for a full six episodes run, following the success of the one-off special.
But fans of the original series were in agreement that the new series did not come close to living up to its predecessor.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
The first episode, The Go-Between, saw Fletch helping his fellow inmates with appeals and letters home in his 'Friday clinic'.
But viewers couldn't understand why he appeared to be the only prisoner that could write.
Things got complicated for Fletch when Barry's girlfriend came to visit, but his escapades weren't as popular as his grandad's.
(Image: BBC Studios)
Porridge viewers took to Twitter to air their views on the new series.
One viewer said: "No no no BBC what are you doing. #porridge awful. Killing the memory of a classic. @BBCOne "
Another added: "Honestly a little disgusted they've tried to reboot #Porridge . What is this absolute shower?"
A third said: "A remake of #Porridge on @BBCOne - no, no, no and just no. Beckinsale and Barker were this show. This is a lame ghost of a brilliant comedy."
(Image: BBC)
Speaking last year, Kevin Bishop revealed this is a personal career highlight after the revamp was picked up for a full series.
He said: “It was an honour to be asked to play Fletch although I never thought it would go further than just the one off homage.
"To be welcomed back by Porridge fans and the BBC to make a full series, is one of the proudest moments in my career.
Speaking of the show's original creators, Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, he added: "Dick and Ian are true sitcom masters and I know they're going to write a brilliant series."
(Image: BBC)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The special episode saw Fletch just about manage to stay on the right side of prison hard case Richie Weeks, while narrowly escaping the attentions of wily Officer Meekie.
Whether he'll be able to keep them at bay for a whole series is another matter entirely.
BBC's Comedy Commissioner, Shane Allen, said: “The Landmark Sitcom Season was a big, celebratory moment for BBC comedy and signalled our unrivalled commitment to the art form. For the BBC One revival, with the blessing of comedy writing royalty, we got to see some old friends in new guises, and by championing contemporary voices in the New On Two strand, we made new friends along the way.
“The audience reaction to the Season has been overwhelming, with well over 50 million viewers tuning in across the run, so I'm very pleased to announce three series commissions coming out of it, which demonstrate the range, ambition and quality of BBC comedy.
"With Porridge we have two writing legends putting a modern spin on their masterpiece, proving that their fingers are very much still on the comedy pulse.”
* Porridge airs on Fridays on BBC One at 9.30pm
Conservation officers had to euthanize approximately one bear in every 30 complaints.
British Columbia's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year.
Environment Ministry spokesman Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears.
He says 469 bruins, or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints, had to be destroyed.
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears, but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off, making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife.
RELATED: Bear complaints nearly double across B.C.
He warns that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate.
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources, such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean.
RELATED: Conservation investigating after having to euthanize bear
“These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter, so they are highly motivated to find food,” Badry says.
“That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management.”
The Canadian Press
Missing the sounds of WYLA's Vintage Country hour with Roger Bellow? Head to the downtown Charleston County Public Library auditorium on Wed. June 6 for your fix.Roger Bellow's Drifting Troubadours will present the Vintage Country Hillbilly Time Machine, a special old-time country concert with the whole gang: Bellow, John Spell, Bob Sacks, and Riley Hart.And time machines they are. Last year, Mayor John Tecklenberg declared June 21 John Spell Day in honor of the musician's deep-seeded roots in the local country tradition, as you can read about here An Old Town School of Folk Music graduate (1959), Bellow was inducted last year into the Lowcountry Music Hall of Fame. He was also a 1995 recipient of the S.C. Folk Heritage Award for Early Country Music.Between all the band members, there's plenty of history to regale listeners with.Wednesday's performance starts at 3 p.m. and is free to the public.
The Knife's Radical 'Shaking The Habitual' Is Now A Concert Film
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alexa Vachon/Courtesy of the artist Alexa Vachon/Courtesy of the artist
There is no The Knife.
One of the most confounding and liberating performances of 2014 included 25 dancers, musicians and crew — and no one in the audience knew who was playing what role. When The Knife took its album Shaking The Habitual on tour, the Swedish electronic duo extended that record's themes, of power dynamics and queer politics, in part by outfitting the performers in gender-neutral jumpsuits. It was like an aerobics tape from space; everyone sang, everyone danced, everyone banged on outlandishly decorated instruments (built especially for the tour).
From way up on the third balcony of Terminal 5 for one of these performances I spent the first 20 minutes that night in NYC trying to figure out which of the jumpsuited performers the siblings Karin Dreijer Andersson and Olof Dreijer. But as this "amoeba," as the band refers to itself, moved from playing imaginatively different live versions of Shaking The Habitual to using pre-recorded tracks in an extended dance performance, identity became fluid and, more strikingly, unimportant.
If you couldn't make it to New York — or, like me, were stuck on a high balcony craning your neck all night long — Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is here for you, documenting the night with a live album, film and photo book.
Note that there's a bit of a hiccup for streaming the album, as the band has a long-running dispute with Brille Records in the U.K./Éire, USA/Canada, Asia & South/Latin America — so if you live in those areas and go to The Knife's site right now, you get a series of vignettes (including those cryptic videos published Friday, plus a machete slapping a buttock) instead of the concert film.
YouTube
Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is out Sept. 1 via Rabid (digital, DVD and photo book).
WWE/Indie News: Keith Lee sends a farewell message to Beyond Wrestling ahead of his potential move to NXT
Is Keith Lee finally on his way to NXT?
Soumik Datta ANALYST News 31 May 2018, 03:14 IST 237 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Keith Lee
What's the story?
Top Independent star Keith Lee is expected to sign for the WWE very soon, as it has been recently noted that the former WWN Champion has seemingly finished up with all his Indie commitments after having a farewell at Beyond Wrestling this past weekend.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
In case you didn't know…
Considered as one of the most versatile and agile big-men in Pro Wrestling today, Keith Lee is mostly known for his work with Evolve Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla. Lee, who made his debut in 2005, is currently one of the biggest stars in the Indy scene.
Also, during WrestleMania 34 weekend, Lee faced off against NXT superstar Kassius Ohno at WrestleMania Axxess and successfully defended the WWN Championship against the latter.
The heart of the matter
During this past weekend's Beyond Wrestling show, 33-year-old Keith Lee competed in his final and farewell match with the promotion as he wrestled Mia Yim in an intergender match.
Following Lee's loss to Yim, the former PWG World Champion thanked the crowd for their incredible support and stated that he's going to rest up for a while before he could pursue the next big step in his Professional Wrestling career.
During his farewell speech, Lee also asked every single one of his fans to support him in the next phase of his Pro Wrestling career.
You can check out highlights from Lee's recent match against Mia Yim and footage of his farewell from Evolve Wrestling below:
What's next?
After finishing up his recent dates with Evolve Wrestling and PWG, Keith Lee is now expected to begin his training at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida and the former VIP Heavyweight Champion could appear on NXT TV very soon.
The WWE Universe could also very possibly witness another big debut at the upcoming NXT TakeOver: Chicago event.
What's your opinion of Keith Lee? Do you think he will be successful in NXT if he does sign a contract with WWE? Let us know in the comments below!
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England are heading for a World Cup quarter-final clash with Sweden, after scraping past Colombia on penalties.
But while the Three Lions have finally beaten their penalty shoot-out curse, a look at the history books doesn't make the next match look very good.
England has only beaten Sweden twice since 1968, and the most recent result was a 4-2 thumping in 2012.
Looking only at World Cups, both of the two games that the sides have met have ended in draws.
Here's all of England's results against Sweden since Harry Kane was born in 1993, and it's not great news...
Sweden 4-2 England
Friendly, 2012
England's first defeat under then-manager Roy Hodgson, if you don't count a penalty shoot-out loss to Italy in the Euro quarter finals.
It was Stephen Gerrard's 100th cap for England, but even that couldn't inspire the Three Lions.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic netted four goals for the Swedes, helped somewhat by a series of costly mistakes by England keeper Joe Hart.
Danny Welbeck and England debutant Steven Caulker managed to find the net for the visitors.
(Image: 2012 Getty Images)
Sweden 2-3 England
Euro 2012, group stages
Danny Welbeck hit the winner as England came from behind to advance to the knock-out stages.
Theo Walcott was the Three Lion super sub, coming on at 2-1 down and scoring one and setting up the other.
England 1-0 Sweden
Friendly, 2011
England's first win against Sweden since 1968, courtesy of a Gareth Barry header.
The goal was the 2,000th ever England goal, but there was not much of a crowd to celebrate. The attendance for the friendly - at 48,876 - was the lowest since Wembley was rebuilt.
(Image: Getty)
Sweden 2-2 England
World Cup 2006, group stages
Joe Cole and Stephen Gerrard both scored, as England topped their group to set up a last-16 clash with Ecuador.
The Three Lions were robbed of a victory in injury time, but the point helped them avoid a draw with Germany.
Sweden 1-0 England
Friendly, 2004
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored in the second half to beat Sven-Goran Eriksson's Lions.
England had the best of the possession, and Sweden rarely threatened keeper David James before they took the lead.
The England side featured a young Everton striker called Wayne Rooney, just months before his performance at Euro 2004 would attract the attention of Manchester United.
England 1-1 Sweden
World Cup 2002, group stages
England kicked off their World Cup campaign with a draw - but an uninspired performance could easily have cost them the point.
Sol Campbell put the Three Lions ahead, but a dominant Sweden equalised in the second half and held the momentum.
England 1-1 Sweden
Friendly, 2001
A David Beckham first-half penalty got England off to a good start at Old Trafford.
But a blunder by keeper Nigel Martyn gave Hakan Mild the chance to equalise on the stroke of half time.
England 0-0 Sweden
Euro 2000 qualifier
Paul Scholes was the first England player ever to be sent off at Wembley in this disappointing qualifier.
Alan Shearer missed England's best chance at the end of the first half by hitting over, but Sweden were happy to sit back with a draw leaving them top of the group.
(Image: Press Association)
Sweden 2-1 England
Euro 2000 qualifier
Alan Shearer sccored in the first minute, getting England's qualifying campaign off to a bright start.
But a defensive collapse saw Sweden net twice in the space of two minutes later in the first half.
Matters weren't helped when Paul Ince was sent off for a second bookable offence, and England slumped to a loss.
England 3-3 Sweden
Friendly, 1995
Teddy Sheringham, David Platt and Darren Anderton all scored as England appeared in the friendly Umbro Cup.
It was England's first home game away from Wembley, with the match at Leeds' Elland Road attracting 32,000 people.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fern Britton has urged ITV to ditch the dark storylines on Coronation Street.
The presenter spoke after the latest controversial plot in which Josh Tucker (Ryan Clayton) spiked David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) on Friday before sexually assaulting him.
The scenes aired before the 9pm watershed and while the attack was not shown, Ofcom got 120 complaints.
Fern, 60, said: “Not witnessing the horror/degradation/shame/pain of sexual abuse is worse than seeing it. Unsuitable for pre-watershed. Save our Corrie.”
(Image: PA)
After highlighting a raft of dark storylines, she added: “I want fun and laughter, love and heartbreak The writing, the performances are top-notch. But is it Corrie?”
Fern previously blasted the soap over killer Pat Phelan, saying it was “too grim and just not right”.
But Corrie boss Kate Oates defended the dark storylines, saying the show is in “great health”.
Asked if it was deliberately trying to shock, she said: “We're doing it because we're a drama.”
London: Iranian forces killed three members of a Sunni Muslim jihadist group in the city of Chabahar on Wednesday and arrested five others, state media reported, as security forces stepped up measures to prevent militant attacks.
Last week, suicide bombers and gunmen attacked parliament and Ayatollah Khomeini`s mausoleum in Tehran, killing 17 people in what was an unprecedented security breach for Iran.
Islamic State claimed responsibility and threatened more attacks against Iran`s majority Shi`ite population, whom the hardline Sunni militants consider heretics.
Iran has arrested almost 50 people in connection with the attacks.
On Wednesday, state media reported that security forces had fought with members of Ansar al-Furqan, a militant Sunni group, in Chabahar, a city in southeastern Iran.
State media said three militants had been killed and five arrested. One security officer was also killed and one wounded. Authorities said they had found ammunition, explosive belts and weapons.
State news agency IRNA quoted an unnamed source as saying that the militants were planning to carry out attacks this week, during the holy nights of Ramadan.
"The security forces surrounded the house that members of this terrorist cell were based in and launched an attack with backing of the police," the source said.
Ansar al-Furqan - or Partisans of the Criterion - is a Sunni group based in Sistan and Baluchestan province that has threatened to carry out suicide attacks on economic and military centres in revenge for the government`s execution of Sunni prisoners.
The group, which was formed by the merger of some Sunni Baluch insurgent groups in 2012, is not linked to Islamic State. But it has carried out periodic attacks on military and civilian targets, aiming to highlight what it says is discrimination against Iran`s Sunni ethnic groups.
Iran has stepped up its crackdown against members of such networks in recent years, with mass arrests and death sentences.
The main Sunni Iranian separatist groups increasingly see themselves as part of a larger struggle between Shi`ite Iran and the Sunni-ruled Arab states across the Gulf, which back opposing sides in the Syrian civil war, Iraq and Yemen.
Tehran claims Saudi Arabia is funding most of these groups, a charge Riyadh denies.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Protesters who stormed a political meeting being addressed by Jacob Rees-Mogg hurled a barrage of abuse at the Tory MP before a violent scuffle broke out.
More details have emerged following a brawl at the University of the West of England in Bristol, where the outspoken Conservative MP for North East Somerset appears to come between an 'antifascist' protester an supporter.
The violence erupted during a speech Mr Rees-Mogg was making for the university's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS) at the university's Frenchay campus.
It is unclear whether the violence was directed at the well-known brexiteer but university students described seeing masked "antifascists" burst in on the talk in protest toward the Conservative MP.
In one video, a hooded protester is seen shouting at Mr Rees-Mogg, saying: "You're not worth debating."
A man in a white pin-striped shirt then begins pushing the protester from behind and violence briefly erupts.
Avon and Somerset Police say an investigation is now underway following what they describe as a "public order incident" at UWE Bristol on Friday, February 2, and are asking anyone with footage of the fight to send it to them to help with their inquiries.
Sebastian Salton, 19, a Bristol University student who attended the event, said: "It was interrupted by antifascists. I don't think it was assault, I think people were trying to get him out.
"There were about 200 people there, and five protesters. It took a few minutes for security to come.
"There was some negotiating. He (Mr Rees-Mogg) went over to them and said 'lets not shout them down,' but they weren't having any of it.
"They were shouting 'racist, misogynist, homophobe, sexist.' They were talking about austerity."Mr Salton described the politician as "looking shaken up" after protesters in balaclavas entered the room.
The video shown above was taken by The Jackdaw @JackDaw Politics and captures the moment the incident started.
A student who attended the event, but asked not to be named, said: "There had been a few threats to the event before on Facebook. There was security brought in for the event.
"A couple of minutes into Jacob Rees-Mogg's speech, about seven masked protesters came in from the back. Some were wearing hoods.
"They started shouting at Rees-Mogg: 'racist', 'bigot' and 'how can you work for a fascist government'.
"Rees-Mogg tried to speak to them and it quietened down for a bit; security removed some. Then there was a confrontation between a protester and an audience member. Rees-Mogg stepped in to try to separate them and he was pushed.
"The police were called but didn't enter the auditorium," he added.
Eye-witnesses attending the event said the MP, whose outspoken views on Brexit and abortion have made him popular on the right of the Conservative party but a hate figure for some leftwingers, had arrived with no security and was confronted by protesters almost immediately.
One attendee heard protesters calling him a "Nazi," a “fascist and a racist” and hurling abuse which prevented him from talking.
Student Chloe Kaye, whose video captured the brawl, said: "Someone got punched and it got very pushy.
"Eventually most of the masked men left but one of the unmasked men remained, calling him a ‘racist, sexist, misogynist'," she told the Telegraph.
"Everyone was shocked; I was pretty scared, especially the longer it went on and the more pushy it got."
She said Mr Rees Mogg stayed incredibly calm and simply tried to calm everyone down.
Will Smith, 19, and Tyler Savage, 21, both students of Politics at the Bristol University, said they did not know if Mr Rees Mogg was physically hurt during the outburst.
Mr Smith said: "There were people in balaclavas shouting 'fascist scum' and 'sexist'.
"He handled it very well and approached them to try and engage them in debate.
"He was the first to approach them."
Mr Savage added: "An older gentleman appeared to get between the protesters and Jacob."
Video footage showed a crowd shouting "out, out, out," and "fight, fight, fight".
Mr Smith said: "I think Jacob was getting in between a man and a woman. I don't think anybody was attacking Jacob, I think he was in between."
The Politics and International Relations Society issued a statement, which said: "Thank you to all who came and listened to Jacob Rees-Mogg.
"We're sorry the event was overshadowed by the actions of a few non-students, not least because it detracts from the great attitude that UWE students have towards debate and challenging political opinions: as exhibited by the record turnout."
UWE Bristol also issued a statement, which said: “We are absolutely appalled by the conduct of a small number of attendees at a Student's Union Politics & International Relations Society talk this evening.
“It is our understanding at this stage that a small group of protesters broke into the lecture theatre where the event was due to take place via the back doors. The police were called and our security attended.
"We understand that these protesters were not UWE Bristol students and did not have tickets for the event. The police are now working to identify the individuals.
“Once the situation was calmed, Mr Rees-Mogg went ahead with his speech and was escorted back to his car after the event finished. Both security and the police stayed for event to ensure everyone was safe.
“We support the democratic right of free speech and peaceful protest. However, we strongly condemn the actions of protesters who disrupted normal debate and behaved in this way. There is no place for such action on a university campus or in a civilised society.
"We are delighted that Mr Rees Mogg was able to speak and debate with our legitimate student body in a respectful manner. We would like to thank him for his composure and actions to diffuse what must have been a challenging and unprovoked incident.
"We will work with the police to identify the individuals involved and take appropriate action."
THERE'S an elephant in the room when it comes to flood protection for Lismore - raising the levee.
Why are we not talking about it?
Lismore Council has put it off for discussion until next year despite having a two-day flood workshop this week.
To be sure, some fantastic things have come out of this workshop, such as a recommendation for a flood recovery app and a 3D flood modelling.
There's also likely to be more sharing of knowledge between businesses about how to raise stock in a hurry during a flood event.
But why the silence on raising the levee when Lismore Mayor Isaac Smith said in April we "need to look at every avenue for flood-proofing Lismore”.
SOUTHINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — Several concerned residents reached out to Southington officials Monday after hearing a loud boom sound late Monday morning.
News 8 received many messages via Report-It Monday morning just after 11:00 a.m. asking about a loud explosion-like sound in the area. Viewers said they heard the loud sound, and some viewers said they felt their homes shake.
Southington authorities began investigating what could have caused the sound, but have not yet identified where it came from. News 8 spoke with Southington police Monday afternoon, who said there was no damage that they are aware of.
Police are continuing to look into what may have caused the sound. If you have any information that could help, you're asked to give Southington police a call at 860-378-1600.
Golconda Masters 2017 tees off on February 16
Rs 40 lakh event will feature Khalin Joshi, Honey Baisoya, defending champion Ajeetesh Sandhu, Mukesh Kumar, Mithun Perera, Himmat Singh Rai
by Press Release Report 15 Feb 2017, 17:51 IST
(L to R) Mukesh Kumar, Mr. C Dayakar Reddy (Captain, HGA), Mr. J Vikramdev Rao (President, HGA), Mr. Uttam Singh Mundy (Director, PGTI), Ajeetesh Sandhu, Khalin Joshi & Mithun Perera pose with the Golconda Masters trophy
Hyderabad, February 15, 2017: The Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) and the Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI), the official sanctioning body of professional golf in India, today announced the third edition of the Golconda Masters Golf Championship which will be held at the Hyderabad Golf Club (HGC) from February 16 - 19, 2017, and will carry a prize purse of Rs. 40 lakh. The Pro-Am event preceding the tournament was played on February 15th.
The tournament will witness participation by 126 leading golfers, mostly from India, and few from countries such as Sri Lanka and Australia. The top Indian professionals in the fray include Khalin Joshi, Honey Baisoya (2017 PGTI Order of Merit leader), former champions Ajeetesh Sandhu (2016) and Harendra Gupta (2015), Mukesh Kumar, Shamim Khan, Shankar Das, Himmat Singh Rai and Udayan Mane, to name a few.
The foreign challenge will be led by the Sri Lankan quartet of Mithun Perera, Anura Rohana, N Thangaraja and K Prabagaran as well as Australia's Kunal Bhasin.
The host city of Hyderabad will be represented by professional Haider Hussain and six amateurs, namely Anantha Sridhar Reddy, C Rohan Reddy, K Shashidhar Reddy, Hardik Chawda, Rahul Ajay and Sankeerth Nidadavolu.
Also Read: First Look: PGTI's Golconda Masters 2017
Mr. J Vikramdev Rao, President, HGA, said, “We are proud indeed to host this prestigious tournament at HGA's heritage golf course, that's as challenging as it is beautiful. It's only fitting that the country's top golfers will match their skills while soaking in some of the most spectacular historical beauty Telangana has to offer.”
Mr. C Dayakar Reddy, Captain, HGA, said, “We welcome professionals from all over India and overseas for the third edition of the Golconda Masters. The strong field, the immaculate course conditions at the HGC and the impressive prize purse make for a fascinating week of golf. The tournament provides much-needed exposure to local talent which in turn will help us produce champions from Hyderabad and the rest of Telangana in the coming years. We wish the players all the best.”
Mr. Srikanth Rao, Hon. Secretary, HGA, said, “We look forward to building on our partnership with PGTI in the coming years in order to further grow professional golf in Hyderabad and the rest of Telangana. The staging of events such as the Golconda Masters gives us the platform to showcase the HGC and its distinct features to golf lovers across the country. This is an important step towards promoting the HGC as a popular golfing destination in India.”
Mr. Uttam Singh Mundy, Director, PGTI, said, “We're delighted to be back at the Hyderabad Golf Club, one of the top championship venues in the country, for the third edition of the Golconda Masters. The Golconda Masters is today a premier tournament on the PGTI calendar and the 2017 edition which has attracted India's leading talent will only help the event grow further. We seek to further popularize golf in the sports-loving city of Hyderabad and the state of Telangana in partnership with the HGA in the coming years.”
Promoted by the Telangana Tourism Development Corporation and the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA), the 212-acre expanse provides an 18-hole, 6200 yards, par-71 layout that also features a floodlit driving range, a pro shop, a golf fitting shop, and training & practice facilities. A modern clubhouse with dining hall, lounge, open deck, change rooms, and trained staff is also in place.
The mission of the project is to set up an international standard golf course, a golf training academy and to put Hyderabad on the International Golfing map. The ‘Best Tourism Friendly Golf Course' award bestowed on it by National Tourism, reiterates the pleasant experience that HGA provides. The Hyderabad Golf Club offers 18 challenging holes that bring players up close with the heritage and beauty of the Deccan hinterland - Golconda Fort and Naya Quila in particular.
Ajeetesh Sandhu, whose team incidentally also won the Pro-Am event on Wednesday, was excited about returning to the HGC to defend his crown. Sandhu said, “It's great to be back at the HGC since I have a lot of good memories of the course from last year. I hope I can have another good week here. We have a strong field yet again so it promises to be a good contest. An all-round game is required to do well at the HGC so it will be a test for all the professionals.”
Pro-Am results
The Pro-Am winning team comprising of professional Ajeetesh Sandhu (extreme right) and amateurs Mr. Ajay Reddy (2nd from right), Mr. Agastya Reddy (extreme left) & Mr. Sanjay Pulla Reddy (2nd from left) receive their trophies from Mr. J Vikramdev Rao, President, HGA (centre)
Professional Ajeetesh Sandhu of Chandigarh and his team comprising of amateurs Mr. Ajay Reddy, Mr. Agastya Reddy and Mr. Sanjay Pulla Reddy won the Pro-Am event held at the HGC on Wednesday with a score of 51.8.
Mhow-based professional Mukesh Kumar and his team comprising of amateurs Mr. Ranga Raju K, Mr. Bhanuprakash and Dr. Giridhar Thota were the runners-up at the Pro-Am with a score of 52.
The prize for the longest drive on hole no. 13 went to Mr. Madhav Kota who landed it at a distance of 272 yards.
The contest for the closest to the pin on hole no. 7 was won by Mr. Rohan Reddy who landed it within two feet and five inches of the pin.
Mr. Arjun Pradipak won the contest for the straightest drive on hole no. 3. His drive landed within one foot and 11 inches of the centre of the fairway.
Also Read: Field Watch: PGTI's Golconda Masters 2017
NEW YORK — As part of its collection of Babe Ruth items, the Baseball Hall of Fame says it has the bat the slugger used to hit his then-record 60th home run in 1927.
A private collector also claims to own the bat, and he's selling it at auction. PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, supports his assertion.
The dispute dates back more than 90 years to the original owner of each bat and how he professed to acquire it.
The bat being sold by the anonymous collector can be traced back to Joe E. Brown, the entertainer and vaudeville comedian with whom Ruth had a friendship. Brown said Ruth, who had presented him with the bat the slugger used to hit three home runs in the 1926 World Series, personally gave him the bat used to hit his 60th homer in 1927. The bat is signed, "To Joe E. Brown From Babe Ruth."
Brown then passed the bat down to his son Joe L. Brown, who was general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955-76. The younger Brown then sold the bat to a collector.
"There is documentation back to (Joe L.) Brown's ownership and his talking about the bat that goes back to a sports writers' luncheon in 1948," PSA authenticator Jon Taube told The Associated Press in a phone interview. "Even before that the bat is mentioned from his collection in a 1939 baseball centennial celebration. ... We also have a letter that continues the story from his grandson Ty Brown that talks about the bat coming out at Christmas time."
The bat in the Hall of Fame was given to the museum by sports writer James Kahn in 1939, and Kahn was quoted in the Otsego Farmer — a newspaper in Cooperstown, where the Hall of Fame is located — as saying at the time that then-Yankees manager Miller Huggins gave him the bat after the game on Sept. 30, 1927.
Taube, who has done extensive research on Ruth's bats, doesn't dispute Kahn was given a bat after that game, but he doesn't believe it was the one used for the record-breaking homer.
"It's very unlikely that on Sept. 30, Miller Huggins comes down into the locker room and says, 'Babe, give me the bat that you broke the record with' and then he hands it to a beat writer," Taube said. "And we just think it was very unlikely Huggins came out of the dugout and handed him THE bat. He handed him a bat, there's no question about that. Was it the bat that hit the 60th home run? I doubt that very highly."
Another complicating part of Kahn's story is that he changed the details. Challenged by Brown at the luncheon, Kahn then said he got the bat from Ruth.
ENG vs PAK, 2nd Test: 5 players to watch out for
The impact players who are gonna play a crucial role in the match.
Nishant Kumar CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 04:40 IST 21 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
.
Alastair Cook will have the job of providing England a good start
After losing back-to-back series to Australia and New Zealand away from home, the England cricket team were back to home conditions and were favourites against Pakistan.
Cricketing experts, too, had written the visiting team off before the match as inexperienced. But Pakistan had some other plans as they hammered the English side by nine wickets in the opening match of the series.
It was the first time in the last 23 years when England started their home Test summer in defeat.
Both teams will be meeting again for the series decider starting from this Friday at Headingley, Leeds.
England will be desperate to register a win this time to avoid a third consecutive series defeat. On the other hand, Pakistan will be eying on a historic series win. They have won only three-test series in England - the last one being in 1996.
And with England looking nowhere near to their best, this could be the perfect opportunity to win their fourth one.
This doesn't mean Pakistan should take anything for granted. This English team is known for bouncing back after a home defeat.
They were in a similar situation against West Indies last summer after losing at Headingley but then decimated the same opposition at Lord's.
Whatever may be the result of this match, it is surely going to be a hell of a contest. Here, we will take a look at those five players who are likely to affect the outcome of the match
#1 Alastair Cook
Alastair Cook is the most experienced player in the England cricket Team having appeared in 155 tests.
Regarded as one of the best test openers ever played in world cricket, Cook has scored 12099 runs including 32 centuries.
He is at no. 6 in the list of highest run-getters in test cricket. There is a huge expectation from him at the top order.
Cook has the job of providing his team a solid start. In the last test match, he contributed a valuable 70 in the first inning but failed to score in the second inning.
In this crucial match, Cook needs to be at his best if England want to level the series.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The NHS was charged £1,500 for single pots of moisturiser selling elsewhere for less than £2, it is claimed.
Boots billed the NHS £1,579 for one 500ml tub of a cream made up specifically for patients with skin problems in 2016, according to payment records seen by the Times.
It had reportedly bought the special cream from BCM Specials, a supplier then owned by Walgreens Boots Alliance, Boots's parent company.
Reports claim the same moisturiser- a mixture of creams- is regularly prescribed in the UK for around £1.73.
The NHS said companies increasing drug prices were harming both taxpayers and patients, it is reported.
Deirdre Buckley, chairwoman of the specials working group at the British Association of Dermatologists, said manufacturers overcharging was 'not right' and against the duty to conserve taxpayer resources to care for patients.
NHS England said: “If companies harm patients and taxpayers by unfairly and inappropriately hiking drug prices they should expect vigorous regulatory and legal enforcement action."
But Walgreens Boots Alliance has “categorically” denied overcharging, insisting it complied with all regulations and legal requirements.
(Image: Getty)
It claimed prices of specials were reviewed on a regular basis to make sure they were in line with the average price paid by the NHS.
A spokeswoman told The Times the process of making specials ordered at short notice "incurs high overheads, reflected in the final cost, which is set in line with the sector to reflect the bespoke nature of the products.”
With the NHS brought to its knees by eight years of Tory austerity, millions of Brits are so worried they would dip into their own pockets to rescue it.
In a clear message to Theresa May that people are fed up with her crippling our cherished service, 63% said they will happily pay an extra 1% tax to secure its survival. It would raise an extra £5.5billion and cost those on the average wage of £27,600 just £3.50 a week.
And 73% of those quizzed in a Mirror poll by ­Survation, would give up an £1 a week to keep the NHS free and out of the clutches of the private health firms circling like vultures. That would bring in £2.75billion a year.
(Image: Getty)
More than alf said they would part with £2 a week.
A third would pay £5, raising £13.75billion.
It comes as thousands of campaigners are preparing for a save the NHS march in London tomorrow.
Shadow Health ­Secretary ­Jonathan Ashworth said: “This Mirror poll confirms again that the British public just don't trust the Tories with the NHS.
“Eight years of ­underfunding has left services overstretched and patients at risk. Around the country ­brilliant NHS staff are going the extra mile to keep the service running but are being let down by this ­government.”
The Royal College of ­Nursing's Donna Kinnair added: “The NHS is buckling under the strain of chronic underfunding.
“There is just not enough money in the system and it's clear ministers are ­significantly out of touch.
“The public would rather give the NHS £1 extra each week then let the current situation go on for much longer.”
Many will join ­Saturday's People's Assembly and Health Campaigns ­Together to Fix The NHS march on Downing Street to demonstrate.
Moody's Investors Service also said that the government's PSB recapitalisation package is not sufficient, given the banks have not been able to raise capital as planned. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: Higher crude price is a key risk to India's growth, but subsidy reform in petrol and diesel has diminished the risk to sovereign credit profile, Moody's Investors Service said Wednesday.
As per market polls of 175 investors conducted by Moody's and its affiliate ICRA on 175 last month in Singapore and Mumbai, investors identified higher oil prices as a key risk to growth and said that there are risks to achieving 3.3% fiscal deficit.
The investors also said that the government's PSB recapitalisation package is not sufficient, given the banks have not been able to raise capital as planned. In its report Moody's said: “Similarly to the views of the poll respondents, we also consider higher oil prices to be a risk to growth, but risks to sovereign credit dynamics from oil has diminished in recent years following subsidy reforms to petroleum and diesel fuel; only liquefied petroleum gas and kerosene oil remain subsidised”.
The rating agency said it does not expect oil prices to remain elevated for an extended period, but this possibility “remains a downside risk”. The price of Indian basket of crude surged from $66 a barrel in April to around $75 a barrel at present. With regard to recapitalisation plan for public sector banks, Moody's said although we expect the recapitalisation package to be sufficient to meet the minimum regulatory capital needs, it will be insufficient to support credit growth.
“Banks have not been able to raise new capital from the equity markets as planned under the government's recapitalisation measures,” it added. Poll participants favoured consolidating to five-to-10 public sector banks from 27 currently, in line with more recent government announcements.
In October last year, the government unveiled a Rs2.11 lakh crore PSU Bank recapitalisation plan. Of this, Rs1.35 lakh crore is to come from the sale of recapitalisation bonds. The remaining Rs76,000 crore will be through budgetary allocation and raising of funds by banks from the markets.
However, contrary to investors' view that achieving fiscal deficit target would be a concern, Moody's said it expects the government to meet its target for the current fiscal, which will end in March 2019. “While we see risks to achieving both budgeted revenue and spending targets, in our view the government would likely cut back on planned capital spending, as in past years, to offset any potential slippage,” the agency said.
Investors had also identified top risk with regard to financing conditions and telecom sector competition. “While tighter funding conditions remain a concern, refinancing needs, especially for the portfolio of investment-grade non-financial companies that we rate, is manageable.
We agree with poll respondents that the telecom sector remains under stress as intensifying competition will continue to strain revenue and margins,” Moody's noted.
The population of rodents that transmit the hantavirus, which has already claimed its first victim is on the rise in the Valle de Tonosí, Los Santos.
The report comes from the Gorgas Memorial Institute for Health Studies (ICGES) which warns of increasing risks of people contacting the often fatal disease, while health authorities have stepped up efforts to persuade local inhabitants to take steps to prevent the transmission of the virus.
Blas Armién, an ICGES researcher, said that a study of the ecology of the rodent revealed that in December 2017 three species of the oligoryzomys genus were found,
while in January nine were captured. This means that there is an increase in the population, and more cases of hantavirus are expected to appear, according to Armién.
The researcher said that the community has to participate in the prevention and control of the disease and to go on time to receive medical attention. to avoid deaths like that of a 62-year-old patient on January 28.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Here are some of the stories we're following for Friday October 6th. 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Police are investigating a shooting near Milton. (Photo: DELAWARE STATE POLICE/SUBMITTED.)
A man is dead and a woman is in critical condition after a shooting north of Milton on Thursday, according to Delaware State Police.
Police were called to the 13000 block of Sunland Drive around 10:30 p.m. for reports of a domestic dispute. They arrived to learn that a 61-year-old man was armed with a gun inside the house with his wife, police said.
Troopers established a perimeter around the home and the man began to make threatening statements over the phone toward those responding, police said. As police communicated with the man, gunshots rang out. Moments later, a 60-year-old woman called 911 from inside the house reporting that both she and the man had been shot, police said.
STORY: Bear resident indicted on charges of dealing and creating child pornography
STORY: Wilmington church's 100-year-old bronze lectern stolen
Troopers found the man dead in the bedroom, police said. The woman was taken to Christiana Medical Center in critical condition, police said.
The name of the deceased was not provided by police, who said the investigation is ongoing.
Tips about this incident should be directed to Detective J. King at 302-698-8561. Information may also be provided by calling Delaware Crime Stoppers at 1-800-TIP-3333, via the internet at www.delaware.crimestoppersweb.com.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/10/06/man-dead-woman-critical-after-shooting-near-milton/739517001/
Mohun Bagan president Swapan Sadhan Bose resigns from his position
Bagan is locked in talks with the AIFF over its status in Indian football.
by Sudipto Mullick News 14 Jun 2017, 18:45 IST
What's the story?
Swapan Sadhan Bose, President of Mohun Bagan, resigned from his position through a letter addressed to club's general secretary, Anjan Mitra. As per the letter, he cited health reasons for his resignation.
In the letter of resignation, he had mentioned, “With every passing day, my health is deteriorating further and I think with this condition I am not doing justice to the chair of our beloved club” and in that vein continued to accept his plea with “immediate effect”.
He added, “I am feeling really bad about this. But everything has to recourse to its natural end. I would like to assure you that I am still available with the club and will support it in any way possible.”
The context
When the club was struggling to secure a desired sponsor for the last three seasons, it was Bose who came to the rescue with private funding of the entire functioning of the club.
Bose is also a Member of the Rajya Sabha, representing West Bengal.
Having entered the management of the prestigious Mohun Bagan in 1989, he became the club's general secretary in his debut year and was appointed as the president in the year 1995.
The heart of the matter
The letter was sent forward to the concerned authorities by Mohun Bagan assistant secretary Srinjoy Bose who also happens to be Bose's son. He will continue to function in his current capacity.
The club has been in disarray after a disappointing season, and head coach Sanjoy Sen is on the brink of leaving as well. With Bose's resignation, Bagan has found itself in a state of limbo.
What's next?
This is not the first time that Bose has handed his resignation – he had done so in 2015 as well along with Mitra. The reason then was the five-year trophy drought that the club had to withstand. But in elections held soon after, they were re-instated.
What events unfold after this remains to be seen, but Mohun Bagan clearly need to sort themselves out or risk being consigned to oblivion by the new forces of Indian football.
Author's take
It was known for quite a while that Bose had been voicing his grievance that he was not able to continue pumping money into the club and this time around, he seems to be adamant in his decision.
Also Read: How ISL's expansion will result in the demise of the I-League
Nest Hello is the company's take on the connected doorbell, looking to rival the likes of Ring, with a smart solution that will let you know who is at your door, no matter where you are.
Part of the Nest family, the Nest Hello slips in alongside Nest's existing range of indoor and outdoor cameras, bringing you smart motion detection and the ability to talk to whoever is at your door through your phone.
The Nest Hello is a replacement for a wired doorbell, so unlike the popular Ring Video Doorbell that is a standalone product, for the Nest Hello you will need it to be wired, connecting to your existing chime and drawing power.
That means there are no batteries to think about, while there's also a full range of enhanced features that having more power unlocks. For example the Nest Hello offers HDR video, meaning that it gives you better visuals night and day with more dynamic range between shadows and bright patches, so it's not blinded in bright sunlight.
Nest Hello will also offer continuous video recording, rather than just capture when someone presses the button or when motion is detected. While you can just install the doorbell and get alerts on your phone when someone does approach your door, a £4 subscription to Nest Aware unlocks some of these more enhanced features - including the ability to recognise familiar faces.
Because Nest is part of the Google family, it works with Google Home to do some really clever things. For example, if you have Nest Aware - as we've just mentioned - it can then announce who is at your door if it recognises them, which is really clever.
Launched earlier in 2018 in the US, now that Nest Hello is available in the UK it will speak British English. It's now available to buy in the UK, with deliveries starting from 13 June 2018.
The Nest Hello will cost you £229 for DIY installation, but Nest are also offering installation for £329 by a professional installer.
A community at odds with itself over an outdoor pavilion will now have to accept the million dollar project.
The debate brought hundreds to a meeting in Bay City. While the original meeting was supposed to happen at City Hall, the demand for space forced them to move to the Double Tree ballroom. The Bay City Planning Commission voted Monday night to accept the plan.
"Anything that keeps the kids off the street, out of trouble, off of heroin, off of drugs is progressive and a good thing,” said Justin Pomerville, who was in favor of the park.
"You're being entertained with a presentation that is fantasy, it's conceptual. It is bad for Wenonah Park, it is bad for the city,” said a resident against the park.
Wenonah Park sits on the shores of the Saginaw River, marked by the iconic friendship ring.
However, talks of new development at the park has created anything but a friendly atmosphere for those lined up on both sides of the issue.
"We believe wholeheartedly that this plan is a sell-out,” said one resident at the meeting.
"I think this project would be an absolutely wonderful addition to our city,” Tom Carter said.
The plan calls for using $1 million in funds donated by the Nickless Foundation and another $1.7 million from the Downtown Development Authority and other private funds to build a multi-use pavilion in the park.
Those in favor of a pavilion say it would draw people downtown with entertainment and, in the winter, an ice skating rink.
Those against it argue it would be bad for downtown.
"A development of that density will have negative effects on property values, road traffic, noise control, decreased visibility of the Saginaw River, and lastly the general beauty of Wenonah Park,” Rene Holcomb said.
Along with a pavilion, the current proposal has a 2,500-square foot building for concessions and a warming house for visitors.
There are plans of also creating revenue to pay for the park's expenses by selling concessions and renting out ice skates.
"Every time I go to a city I say why can't we have that in our city? I think it would be a real draw to people downtown,” Faith Smith said.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
NAIG COMMENTS ON IOWA CROP PROGRESS AND CONDITION REPORT
DES MOINES – Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Mike Naig today commented on the Iowa Crop Progress and Condition report released by the USDA National Agricultural Statistical Service. The report is released weekly from April through November.
“Another round of cold, wet weather and some significant snowfall again kept farmers from the field for much of the past week. As a result, we are now well behind the 5-year average of 11 percent of corn planted by April 22,” Naig said. “Starting late last week more seasonal weather started to allow some farmers in southern Iowa to begin spring field work and do some planting. Hopefully we will continue to see warmer temperatures and dryer weather so farmers across the state can get in the fields and start spring planting.”
The weekly report is also available on the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship's website at www.IowaAgriculture.gov or on USDA's site at www.nass.usda.gov/ia. The report summary follows here:
CROP REPORT
The week began with below normal temperatures and counties in the northern half of Iowa received snow at mid-week before temperatures warmed to near normal by the week's end. Statewide there were 1.5 days suitable for fieldwork for the week ending April 22, 2018, according to the USDA, National Agricultural Statistics Service. When conditions allowed farmers applied anhydrous and dry fertilizer to their fields and seeded oats with a few scattered reports of corn being planted.
Topsoil moisture levels rated 3 percent very short, 7 percent short, 74 percent adequate and 16 percent surplus. Subsoil moisture levels rated 4 percent very short, 13 percent short, 72 percent adequate and 11 percent surplus. Northern Iowa has received an abundance of snow, while southern Iowa is in need of precipitation with south central Iowa the driest.
Twenty-three percent of the expected oat crop has been planted, almost 2 weeks behind last year and the 5-year average. Below normal temperatures have delayed oat emergence, with just 1 percent of the crop being reported as emerged, the lowest level at this time since 2001.
Extended winter conditions have delayed pasture development. Calving losses have been reported as higher than normal in areas of northern Iowa.
Djokovic upturn continues after tough Munar test
A tough 2018 season looks to be turning around for Novak Djokovic as he extended an improved run of form against Jaume Munar in Paris.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 19:14 IST 30 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Novak Djokovic stars at Roland Garros
Novak Djokovic continued his clay court-season resurgence with another straight-sets win at the French Open, defeating Jaume Munar 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4.
The former world number one has admitted motivation has been an issue during a tough spell in which form and fitness have deserted him - last winning an ATP Tour title at Eastbourne in July - but he pushed clay king Rafael Nadal hard last time out in the Internazionali d'Italia final.
And Djokovic has started well at Roland Garros, following up Monday's triumph over Rogerio Dutra Silva with a hard-fought victory on Court Suzanne Lenglen.
The 20th seed was made to battle for his place in the third round by Munar, with his touches of veteran class required to maintain a bid for his first grand slam title since the 2016 competition.
Nadal had given Munar "practically nil" chance of upsetting Djokovic, but he was in the match from the off and a double fault and an immediate break gave the Serbian work to do.
The response was swift as Djokovic looked to force the issue, moving 4-1 up after a double break, yet Munar stayed in touch with his esteemed opponent and then drew level with a backhand volley at the end of a sensational rally as he rattled off three successive games.
Although Djokovic had far too much quality in a brutal tie-break, he again struggled to shake off the determined 21-year-old in the second set, until a series of pivotal rallies secured the decisive break and then a hold.
Munar still kept pushing in the third, but he volleyed into the net at close quarters to concede another break, allowing Djokovic to see out a testing encounter in under two and a half hours.
The world number 22 will now face Roberto Bautista Agut, another Spaniard, in the third round.
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Djokovic [20] bt Munar 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Djokovic – 39/33
Munar – 28/23
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Djokovic – 3/5
Munar – 3/3
BREAK POINTS WON
Djokovic – 5/7
Munar – 3/7
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Djokovic – 69
Munar – 61
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Djokovic – 71/60
Munar – 65/44
TOTAL POINTS
Djokovic – 107
Munar – 86
A fourth person has been charged in the case of alleged genital mutilation of girls by members of a Muslim sect.
Tajera Shafiq was arraigned Wednesday in Detroit's U.S. District Court on charges of conspiracy to commit female genital mutilation, and aiding in the practice. She was released on bond and placed under house arrest with an electronic tether.
Federal documents say Shafiq attended the cutting of two Minnesota girls in February at a Detroit-area clinic, which authorities allege was performed by Dr. Jumana Nagarwala.
Shafiq's attorney Victoria Burton-Harris says there are no specific allegations and Shafiq didn't perform genital mutilation.
Nagarwala and the clinic's owners also have been charged. Her attorney denies the charges, saying she performed a religious ritual.
They belong to a sect called Dawoodi Bohra.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
With Saturday being the first day of winter trout fishing, the National Trout Center in Preston held its first open house of the season.
It was a day to get people excited and answer questions they may have about the season.
The Trout Center had some experts who could show how to make trout twirlers, along with food and drinks.
And to make things better, the DNR recently extended their catch and release season, giving folks a year-round fishing opportunity.
"Minnesotans are pretty hearty, they like to be out in the winter a lot of the times," said National Trout Center Chair Jeff Broberg. "It's a wonderful experience to go out on these streams where you have steaming open water thriving trout, eagles hunting the trout and a whole winter that you don't see other times."
The new season doesn't kick off until March 1, but members at the National Trout Center see it as a good move to get more people out fishing.
Forget Wealth And Neighborhood. The Racial Income Gap Persists
Enlarge this image amathers/Getty Images amathers/Getty Images
A new study conducted by researchers at Stanford, Harvard and the Census Bureau, finds that in 99 percent of neighborhoods in the United States, black boys earn less in adulthood than white boys who come from similar socioeconomic backgrounds. This undermines the widely-held belief that class, not race, is the most fundamental predictor of economic outcomes for children in the U.S.
The study looked at racial disparities in income over generations by looking at de-identified data from 20 million U.S. children and their parents. It tracked outcomes for Hispanic, white, Asian, black and Native Americans.
Race Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Listen · 2:43 2:43
Nathaniel Hendren, who co-authored the study, told NPR's Leah Donnella that black and Native American children have the lowest rates of upward economic mobility. Whites and Asians came out at the top, he said. "For Asians and white children, we find very similar processes of mobility," Hendren said. "For Hispanics, we see slightly lower incomes for children at the same level of parent income."
The researchers found that the racial wealth gap applies even to the country's wealthiest families: Black children whose parents were in the top 1 percent of earners, with incomes at an average of $1.1 million, grew up to have incomes 12.4 percent lower than white children who grew up in households with similar incomes.
Hendren says for the U.S. as a whole, the odds of a child raised in the bottom fifth of the income distribution rising to the top fifth are about 7 percent. But that chance at upward mobility varies widely across race. The study found that about 11 percent of white children raised in the bottom fifth end up rising to the top. For black children, that number is 2.5 percent.
The results are also gendered. The income gap between black and white Americans, the study finds, is almost entirely driven by differences in earnings between black and white men. When the researchers controlled for parental income, they found black women earn slightly more than white women. Meanwhile, white men are far out-earning black men, even when they start out in families with similar income levels.
For Native Americans, Hendren says, the gender difference is not as stark, but low rates of upward mobility and high rates of downward mobility persist.
Advocates of programs that address the specific needs of black boys could see the study as an affirmation of their efforts. Will Jawando, who worked on Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper initiative, told The New York Times that this study "crystallizes and puts data behind this thing that we always knew was there, because we either felt it ourselves or we've seen it over time."
Neighborhoods are still a determining factor when it comes to adult earnings and life outcomes. That holds across race and ethnicity. But Hendren says the study finds a larger black-white wealth gap in the most affluent neighborhoods: "It suggests that policies ... that aim to reduce just residential segregation can help, and I certainly don't want to say those policies are not fruitful. But we can't stop there if we want to try to eliminate racial disparities."
Hendren said the study did identify a few neighborhoods where black and white children often reach parity as adults. He highlighted some suburbs of Washington, D.C., including Silver Spring, Md., as having relatively low degrees of racial bias among white people — one significant predictor of whether or not black boys will match watch boys in future earnings. Another factor present in the neighborhoods was high percentages of present black fathers, compared to the country as a whole. (The Times points out that this does not mean the presence of a black boy's father in his life has a direct effect on his eventual earnings; rather, the presence of black fathers in a community may help predict higher incomes for the black boys who grow up there.)
As for why the differences in wealth and mobility are most persistent among certain groups, Hendren suggests history might play a role. "Here, I'm speculating. But ... the two groups who happen to stand out – African-Americans and Native Americans – tend to be groups who have experienced a very different history in America," he says. "And so I think that does suggest thinking about the long-run historical processes that might have gotten us here."
5 Comfort-Crushing Tips to Reach Your Goals
When you think you've done all you can do, you're just getting started.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Giampaolo Pazzini's late equaliser denied Real Madrid a much-needed win and intensified the pressure on Zinedine Zidane.
The champions took the lead through Sergio Ramos' header from a corner - his 50th La Liga goal for Los Blancos.
The hosts caused a shock when they capitalised on sloppy Real defending with Emmanuel Boateng's follow-up from a Keylor Navas save bringing the sides level.
Oier Olazabal denied Ramos another headed goal from a tight angle in the second half to ensure the sides remained level.
Isco appeared to have won it for the visitors, but substitute Giampaolo Pazzini scored in the 90th minute to earn a point for the hosts.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
Real Madrid
Keylor Navas 6 - Did brilliantly to deny Morales but then had no chance when Boateng slotted home the rebound. Another good save from Lerma in the second half, but should have kept out Pazzini's winner.
Dani Carvajal 7 - The full-back was solid at the back and played a part in Isco's eventual winner as he fed Benzema.
Raphael Varane 6 - Not too taxing a night for the Frenchman, with the exception of Levante's first half goal.
Sergio Ramos 6 - Opened the scoring by heading home Kroos' corner. Booked for an elbow on Boateng. Caught out as he played Morales onside for Levante's equaliser. A bit of everything.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
Marcelo 6 - The Brazilian's form has improved after a big dip but he is still not playing at his top level.
Casemiro 5 - The Brazilian is out of form and having trouble imposing himself on matches, looking sluggish.
Luka Modric 7 - Some good defensive work, including an important block as Levante tried to go ahead in the second half, and Madrid's best midfielder going forward too.
Toni Kroos 5 - His corner was headed home by Ramos, but the German found it hard to take control in the middle.
Gareth Bale 4 - The Welshman, on the right, had very little impact and was brought off in the 66th minute.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
Karim Benzema 7 - Some good link-up play at the start of the game and did well to confuse Olazabal for Ramos' opener, teeing up Isco for the second.
Cristiano Ronaldo 4 - The Portuguese forward was constantly frustrated, by Levante, by the referee, but ultimately, by himself. A game he would like to forget.
SUBS
Isco 8 - Came on for Bale and Madrid changed their shape to 4-4-2. He added spark and helped Madrid create more danger in the Levante area, blasting home his side's second.
LEVANTE RATINGS
Olazabal 6, Coke 7, Pier 7, Postigo 6, Luna 6, Morales 6, Lerma 7 (Marti), Lukic 7, Doukoure 6, Ivi 6, Boateng 7 (Jason 6).
As we begin to enjoy some hot, sunny weather, and the youth of the city enjoy their first full week of summer holidays, we might begin to ponder potential family vacations.
One of my favourite summer activities is camping. Today, there are still a few active campgrounds in the city and at one, you might even see a bear or two. Camping has a long history in the city of Niagara Falls that you might not be familiar with.
During the 1920s, the automobile was beginning to replace the horse and buggy and even the train as the preferred method of transportation for tourists entering the city. As well, road improvements after the First World War made travelling even easier. Automobile traffic followed Highway 8 and Routes 20 and 3A into the City of Niagara Falls. With so many people located within a 500-mile radius, it isn't surprising that tourists were looking for an affordable place to spend the night.
In the 1920s, camping was becoming a popular "craze." Many tourists could not afford to stay in a hotel, so they turned to tourist camps instead. It was certainly cheaper to pitch a tent and cook meals over an open wood fire. Camping didn't come without some drawbacks, however. Primitive outdoor plumbing and long waits at the water tap could be rather tedious. In time, both issues were remedied with indoor enclosed washrooms and even hot and cold running water.
One of the more well-known tourist camps was the Falls View Tourist Camp which was located on the site of the former Panasonic/Minolta Tower. Advertising from 1926 boasted that it was "the only camp overlooking the Falls, and in full view of the nightly illumination from your tent." With the installation of a new battery of floodlights just the year before in 1925, the cataracts were illuminated more brightly than ever before. Many camps also offered a central complex where visitors could obtain meals, bathing, and even regular hotel-style rooms.
One other alternative to pricey hotels was the private tourist home. A 1926 Niagara Falls tourist guide listed 56 tourist homes where overnight guests could get a bed and a bath for as little as 25 cents per person. Some tourist homes even included a complimentary breakfast. If you are interested in viewing more photos of summer pastimes of the past, please visit our website at my.nflibrary.ca. Happy camping, everyone.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TUKWILA, Wash. — A man who had left notes at Washington State bus stops seeking to buy underage girls' underwear showed up for a meeting with an undercover detective with a gun, machete, hatchet, tarp, duct tape and camera, the King County Sheriff's Office said Monday
Darren Frederick Jones, a 42-year-old man identified as a Boeing employee, was arrested last Wednesday and charged with child sex-related crimes. He has been released on $50,000 bail, according to KCPQ.
The investigation began when high school students reported notes they found at bus stops along International Boulevard South in the Tukwila area offering cash for girls' underwear.
Authorities say a detective posing as a 14-year-old girl texted the number and the suspect agreed to meet with her. According to charging documents, in addition to offering to pay $80 for her underwear, Jones agreed to pay the 'girl' $300 if he could make "sexual contact" with her and $2,000 if she would agree to take photos in her underwear and nude photos.
The sheriff's office says the suspect was arrested when he showed up at what he thought was the 14-year-old girl's residence and asked her to come out to his truck.
Authorities say that in Jones' truck they found a handgun, machete, a hatchet, $2,380 in cash and a camera.
Jones was charged with attempted commercial sex abuse with a minor and communicating with a minor for immoral purposes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- America's heart health went from bad to worse between 1988 and 2014, a new report warns.
That means roughly 60 percent of whites, 75 percent of Mexican Americans and 85 percent of black Americans are going through life today with subpar heart health.
At first glance, the study seems to offer some good news: A long-standing gap in heart health between white and black Americans has narrowed.
But, "this is due to worsening cardiovascular health among whites" and not to improvements for blacks and Mexican Americans, lead author Dr. Arleen Brown stressed.
Brown is a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles' division of general internal medicine and health services research.
The findings come from a 25-year look at how more than 41,000 adults, aged 25 and up, are doing on selected health factors known as Life's Simple 7: blood pressure; cholesterol status; blood sugar levels; body mass index (BMI), a benchmark of obesity; activity habits; overall diet; and smoking history. Participants had no history of heart disease.
Cardiovascular disease includes heart disease and stroke, and is the leading cause of death and disability in the United States. Overall, black and Hispanic Americans have higher rates of cardiovascular disease at a younger age than whites, Brown said.
Patient data for the study was drawn from the U.S. National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys conducted between 1988 and 2014.
Participants were given an overall heart health score at different points during the study, based on Life's Simple 7. This let researchers observe both overall trends and relative well-being by race.
The study authors described the current picture as "poor." Just under 40 percent of whites, 25 percent of Mexican Americans and 15 percent of black Americans lead heart-healthy lives, the study found.
Digging deeper, the investigators found that between 1988 and 1994, the percentage of heart-healthy black Americans aged 25 to 44 was 23 percentage points lower than that of whites. For those 65 years and older, it was 8 percentage points lower, respectively.
By 2011 to 2014, those gaps narrowed considerably, to roughly 11 percentage points for the younger group and 4 percentage points for seniors.
But that narrowing was due to a troubling decline in heart health among whites.
For example, between 1988 and 2014, the percentage of heart healthy whites aged 25 to 44 dropped more than 15 percentage points. Similarly, a drop of nearly 5 percentage points was seen among whites aged 65 and older, the findings showed.
The findings were reported online March 19 in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Reversing the decline will likely require action on several fronts, Brown said.
"Blood pressure and cholesterol control can be improved by lifestyle changes and the quality of medical care," she said.
"We can encourage diet and exercise by increasing access to healthy foods and safe places to exercise. These are influenced by communities and policymakers. Smoking rates can be influenced by tobacco control policies, such as smoking restrictions, tax policy, restricting youth access to tobacco," Brown said.
Dr. George Mensah, author of an accompanying journal editorial, also sees the need for what Brown called a "multipronged approach."
"Over the last 50 years, we have seen dramatic reductions in the rate of dying from heart disease. However, we have not had a similar level of success in promoting optimal heart health," he said.
Mensah directs the U.S. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute's Center for Translation Research and Implementation Science.
Mensah said building awareness is key. "All actions begin with lifestyle and behavioral changes," he said, adding that medication is available when such changes alone aren't enough.
"Creating environments that support heart-healthy living in all Americans is crucial," Mensah added.
More information
There's more on heart health at the American Heart Association.
SOURCES: Arleen F. Brown, M.D., Ph.D., professor, department of medicine, division of internal medicine and health services, University of California, Los Angeles; George A. Mensah, M.D., director, Center for Translation Research and Implementation Science, U.S. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md.; March 19, 2018, Annals of Internal Medicine, online Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
By The Associated Press
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Advertisement
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
MMQB author Peter King caught up with Bucs general manager Jason Licht over the weekend for an exclusive interview on parting ways with kicker Roberto Aguayo, a player Licht traded up into the second round to select in 2016. You can read the entire MMQB article by clicking here.
Aguayo, who was the league's worst kicker last year, connecting on just 71 percent of his field goals, was released after missing an extra point and a 47-yard field goal in Friday night's 23-12 loss at Cincinnati.
“You never feel good when you shatter someone's dream,” Licht told King. “That is always tough, especially someone you had such high hopes for. You don't have good feelings about that. It is a little bit of a sense of, I don't want to say relief, but we've ripped off the band-aid, and we move on. We're moving forward.”
Licht told King that he's owned up to the mistake. Tampa Bay's general manager was widely criticized for drafting Aguayo last year, and those critics felt vindicated on Saturday and took to Twitter to let that be known.
“I'm owning up to it,” he said quietly. “I'm owning up to it by releasing him. It was a bold move and it didn't work out. I don't know what else to say. I know I have the support of my coach and my ownership.
“At the time, I was bound and determined to get the best kicker we possibly could. I thought Roberto had the chance to be a special kicker in the league for a long time. That's a position that had been a rough spot for us. What did I learn from this? I've said this before, but when we took him, we essentially anointed him. If I could do it again, I would have gone back and brought in competition to challenge him. I look back on that a lot. Roberto is a great kid, but the magnitude of that position, and the pressure on a 21-year-old—his performance is affecting the lives of men who have families to support. That got tough.”
Licht told King that missing on Aguayo was not going to make him gun-shy in the Bucs' war room in the future.
“Look, I want to digest this for a while,” Licht said. “But this is not going to make me afraid of making bold moves. You can't make decisions, or not make them, based on fear. I will say that you have to learn from things that didn't work out. Whatever that is in this case, we'll figure it out.”
That's good to hear. Licht is a risk-taker and a lot of his risks, including drafting quarterback Jameis Winston first overall and drafting offensive lineman Ali Marpet from small school Hobart College among others, have paid off well for the franchise. When it comes to the draft, the amount of Licht's hits have far outweighed his misses thus far.
Veteran Nick Folk is in the lead to become Tampa Bay's kicker in 2017, although the team did sign Zach Hocker for competition on Sunday.
Aguayo was claimed off waivers by Chicago, which plays Tampa Bay in Week 2. The Bears have former Bucs kicker Connor Barth on their roster. Barth made just 78 percent of his field goals last year. Tampa Bay has had seven different kickers since 2013.
Bitcoin vs Fiat Currency: Which Fails First? by Charles Hugh Smith – Of Two Minds
What if bitcoin is a reflection of trust in the future value of fiat currencies?
I am struck by the mainstream confidence that bitcoin is a fraud/fad that will soon collapse, while central bank fiat currencies are presumed to be rock-solid and without risk. Those with supreme confidence in fiat currencies might want to look at a chart of Venezuela's fiat currency, which has declined from 10 to the US dollar in 2012 to 5,000 to the USD earlier this year to a current value in December 2017 of between 90,000 and 100,000 to $1:
Exchange Rate in Venezuela:
On 1 December, the bolivar traded in the parallel market at 103,024 VED per USD, a stunning 59.9% depreciation from the same day last month.
Analysts participating in the LatinFocus Consensus Forecast expect the parallel dollar to remain under severe pressure next year. They project a non-official exchange rate of 2,069,486 VEF per USD by the end of 2018. In 2019, the panel sees the non-official exchange rate trading at 2,725,000 VEF per USD.
If this is your idea of rock solid, I'll take my chances with bitcoin, which currently buys more than 1 billion bolivars. Of course “it can't happen here,” which is precisely what the good people of Venezuela thought a decade ago.
Gordon Long and I discuss Fiat Currency Failure (The Results of Financialization – Part IV) in a new 31-minute video. The bottom line is that fiat currencies are debt-based claims on future profits, energy production and wages, claims that are expanding far faster than the real economy and the productivity of the real economy.
In effect, fiat currencies and debt are like inverted pyramids resting on a small base of actual collateral.
If you look at the foundations of fiat currencies, you find loose sand, not bedrock. Massive mountains of phantom wealth have been created by central-bank inflated bubbles, bubbles based not on actual expansion of net income earned from producing goods and services, but on financialization, the pyramiding of debt and leverage on a small base of real assets.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Allsup's Convenience Stores founder Mr. Lonnie D. Allsup, 84, of Clovis, New Mexico, died Jan. 28 at his home.
Mr. Allsup was born Sept. 7, 1933, in Lubbock, Texas, to Roy and Ellen Reed Allsup. He was raised in and graduated from high school in Morton, Texas, where he played football and basketball. After graduation in 1950, he married his high school sweetheart, Barbara Barton, on Aug. 13 in Lubbock.
Mr. Allsup attended Hardin-Simmons University and Texas Tech University for two years. He joined the U.S. Air Force for four years and served his country in the U.S. and Japan during the Korean War.
Always in love with the grocery business, Mr. Allsup bought a small store in Roswell, New Mexico, and he and Barbara operated their first store, which they named Lonnie's Drive-In Grocery. It was a predecessor of the modern-day convenience store, open seven days a week and later at night. Lonnie's Drive-in had an open front, meaning the glass front of the building slid open like a garage door and merchandise was even displayed on the porch.
In addition to staple convenience store goods such as bread, milk and cigarettes, there also was a large display of in-season fresh fruit and a large display of soft drinks. Customers also could pick up cold watermelons on ice from a horse-watering tank in the parking lot.
Even in that first store, the founders had a vision that prepared hot foods would sell in a drive-in. Every day they prepared rotisserie chickens and ribs, spicy linked sausage and freshly made donuts.
Both of the Allsups worked in the store from opening to closing each day. Mr. Allsup's knack for high-energy promotion and Mrs. Allsup's ability to manage accounting systems and cash flow made them an effective team.
Capitalizing on an opportunity to buy a second store in 1958, and a third store the following year, the business was rapidly growing. By 1964, with two sons and 12 stores located in three towns, the Allsup family accepted an offer to sell the chain to Southland Corp. (7-Eleven). Terms of the sale restricted the Allsups from operating stores that would directly compete with Southland for 10 years, prompting a move to Clovis, New Mexico. There the family started a new group of stores operating under the Allsup's Convenience Store banner.
The Allsup family quickly became known in their new hometown. They were involved in church functions, YMCA, Little League and many other activities. It did not take long for them to get back to 12 stores and then beyond. They continued to center their business model on the hot prepared foods and always experimented with new items. Icee, the frozen drink, was a huge success. Cotton candy, on the other hand, did not do so well.
By 1967, the Allsups began offering customers the option of self-serve gasoline. One unplanned obstacle was that drivers did not know how to fuel their own cars, so the education process began as gas station operators laughed at the idea that people would ever fuel their own cars.
The Allsup's model proved successful. The stores were open 24 hours a day; all stores had self-serve fuel and hot prepared foods, including a new item, the fried burrito. Allsup's had expanded its drink selection to include fountain drinks, which proved so popular that it was taking all of the clerks' time to make the drinks. To solve that problem, they turned the drink machine around so the customers could make their own. The self-serve fountain drink, one of the first in the country, became wildly popular, and the “Tallsup” and burrito became the combo of choice.
Allsup's had grown to 100 stores by 1977, with the Allsup's Burrito, self-serve fountain drinks and gasoline providing the horsepower.
Today, the company operates 318 Allsups Convenience Stores. It became the 35th largest chain of convenience stores in the world—a long way from that single Lonnie's Drive-in on 2nd Street in Roswell.
Mr. Allsup also had a passion for cutting horses (horses trained in separating cattle from a herd), which he was first introduced to by his father. In 1981, he began showing cutting horses. He later won a non-pro world championship. He continued to breed, train and show champion cutting horses for many years, and served a full term as president of the National Cutting Horse Association (NCHA).
He was a member of the board of directors of Affiliated Foods, Tri-State Bakery, Plains Dairy and past president and lifetime director of NCHA.
He is survived by his wife; son, Mark (Jessica) Allsup of Fort Worth, Texas; five grandsons; two great-grandchildren; sister-in-law, Pat Evans; and numerous nieces and nephews.
The family request memorial contributions be made to Hardin-Simmons University, 2200 Hickory, Abilene, TX 79698; Tarleton State University, Box T-0260, Stephenville, TX 76402; or a charity of one's choice.
Keep reading:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two drivers put dozens of people's lives in danger as they used a well-known school run route as “a race track”.
Dashcam footage shows a Range Rover and van repeatedly overtaking each other as they battled to get ahead on the A16 Spilsby Road, Lincolnshire Live reports .
On the video, a man in the car behind says “this is going to end in tears”.
The two vehicles are seen overtaking each other as cars whizz past in the opposite direction in the footage
(Photo: Lincolnshire Live WS)
(Photo: Lincolnshire Live WS)
It was posted on Facebook group the Boston Bible, with the comment: "MANIAC DRIVERS RACING. Two out of control drivers decided to use a well-known school road as a race track in a 30 mph limit. Do you know these drivers?"
Viewers expressed their anger after watching the clip.
One wrote: "People never think of anyone else and the damage they could do."
Another wrote: "Send it to Lincolnshire Police . About four years back I remember someone getting run over and killed on that stretch of road."
(Photo: Lincolnshire Live WS)
Others described the driving as horrendous and a danger to others as well as calling the drivers 'idiots.'
Spilsby Road is a busy stretch of road and home to the High School.
There are three other schools close by, St Mary's, John Fielding and Tower Road.
A spokesman for Lincolnshire Police said the incident had not been officially reported.
CHARLOTTE, S.C. — Zane Najdawi scored 28 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and Frankie Johnson drove for one layup to force overtime and another to give The Citadel the lead for good in the extra period on Saturday and the Bulldogs defeated Furman 100-92 to cap an intense three-win home stand.
Languishing near the bottom of the Southern Conference standings four games ago, The Citadel (9-14, 4-7) took undefeated conference leader ETSU to overtime, losing by two on the road when a last-second 3 rimmed out. Once home, the Bulldogs defeated Mercer for the first time in 91 years a week ago, rallied to bump off Wofford, one of the conference leaders, on Thursday, and did it again to Furman (16-8, 7-4) Saturday.
The Paladins held a 17-point lead with 9:13 remaining when Devin Sibley hit a 3-pointer. The Citadel marched back, making its last seven field-goal attempts with Johnson driving to the hoop to tie 88-88 with 4.8 seconds remaining.
The rally continued into the overtime as Johnson drove for the go-ahead and kissed it off the glass for a 90-88 lead, the Bulldogs first since 25-24 of the first half, and they never let Furman come back, making 10 of 11 free throws.
Saxophonist Jon Irabagon Plays With Heart On 'Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics'
Irabagon brings an infectious sense of fun to music-making, even when the playing is dead serious — as is the case on his "mildly subversive" new album.
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR. Saxophonist Jon Irabagon was making his name even before he won the Thelonious Monk Jazz Competition in 2008 by playing with the seriocomic jazz quintet Mostly Other People Do The Killing. Irabagon has since left that band, though he still works for leaders such as Barry Altschul, Dave Douglas and Mary Halvorson. Jazz critic Kevin Whitehead says Irabagon's own records can get a little bizarre, but on his new album, he's mostly well-behaved.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
KEVIN WHITEHEAD, BYLINE: Jon Irabagon can be hard to get a fix on. He likes it like that. He can play pretty, obviously, and reveres and occasionally employs some overlooked jazz masters. His own records can get strange. One 12-track album turned out to be a continuous 78-minute saxophone solo over boiling rhythm. He strikes a nice balance on his mildly subversive new album, "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics." It's by his quartet, including the terrific drummer Rudy Royston, who's having a field day. Sitting in most of the time is Irabagon hero Tim Hagans, whose trumpet cuts through like a freshly-sharpened blade.
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "YOU OWN YOUR OWN")
WHITEHEAD: The little melodic hooks Jon Irabagon writes snap the musicians into action, and he'll introduce new themes over the course of a piece for variety and extra stimulation. There are a few uncommon touches like having the whole band play behind a bass solo by Yasushi Nakamura.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
WHITEHEAD: In Jon Irabagon's music, the weather can change fast. Storms may quickly blow up and blow over as the wind shifts. This is from the middle of "Emotional Physics."
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "EMOTIONAL PHYSICS/THE THINGS")
WHITEHEAD: Luis Perdomo on piano. A little later in that same performance, during one frenzied episode, a trap door opens and suddenly the saxophonist is jamming on the chords to the standard "All The Things You Are." Somehow it's the album's weirdest and most traditional moment.
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "EMOTIONAL PHYSICS/THE THINGS")
WHITEHEAD: The album "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics" was recorded in an Argentine studio during the band's 2016 South American tour. The music sounds lived in and like the musicians enjoy the drill. Jon Irabagon brings an infectious sense of fun to music making, even when the playing is dead serious, sort of like the great Sonny Rollins. Jon Irabagon plays like he's got a lot of heart to go with his power chops.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GROSS: Kevin Whitehead writes for Point of Departure and is the author of "Why Jazz?" He reviewed "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics" by saxophonist Jon Irabagon. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, my guest will be former Vogue creative director and "America's Next Top Model" judge Andre Leon Talley. We'll talk about being raised by his grandmother in a home with no central heating in the Jim Crow South, how he found a home in the world of international fashion and how he's seen that world change. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for digital media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The lawmaker responsible for the school funding plan endorsed by the Senate over Gov. Bruce Rauner's veto said Sunday that the House should vote to override too.
State Sen. Andy Manar, a Democrat from Bunker Hill, told reporters that a negotiated compromise on the “evidence-based” funding model is still possible. But if there's no deal, the House should override when it convenes Wednesday.
The Senate override vote was 38-19. Republican senators Bill Brady and Jason Barickman from Bloomington and Chapin Rose from Mahomet voted against the override.
Brady, the Republican Senate minority leader, spoke out against the override before the vote. He said Senate Bill 1 falls short of the parity that lawmakers intended.
“If we're going to focus on an evidence-based model that treats every student fairly, takes into consideration their wealth and other things, then why should Chicago students get a special block grant?” Brady said. “It gives an advantage to the Chicago students at the cost of students throughout the rest of the state.”
Sunday's vote upheld the overhaul which ensures no school district gets less money than last year and then pumps new dollars to the neediest districts first. Rauner calls it a “bailout” for mismanaged Chicago schools and made significant changes.
Manar said Republican Rauner's veto was not driven by policy concerns but by politics. But both Rauner and he says they're willing to compromise.
Barickman is one of four Republican negotiators appointed to work on a compromise solution.
“A negotiated, compromise bill is the only way forward,” said Barickman. “My goal remains the same as it has always been, to put together a bipartisan school funding reform bill that can be signed into law; a bill that fairly funds all schools.”
Illinois Senate President John Cullerton says Sunday's veto override “moved our state one step closer to getting rid of the worst funding system in the nation.”
The House will be in session Wednesday. Override prospects are less certain there.
The storyline
Just a few weeks ago, many CFL observers anticipated this game would be the tale of two quarterbacks and in a way, it still is. Only, it's not Johnny Manziel vs. Zach Collaros. Jeremiah Masoli, the man who replaced Collaros in Hamilton, has been a one-man antidote for Manziel Mania. He has earned one of the league's Top Monthly Performer awards for the opening month and is looking for his CFL-record-tying ninth straight 300-yard passing game. Meanwhile, Collaros is out with a concussion and Canadian Brandon Bridge gets his second straight start. He threw for three majors against Hamilton last year as the Riders took both 2017 games by building 17-0 leads. The Ticats need to avoid a repeat of that kind of deficit. The Riders, meanwhile need to avoid not scoring touchdowns. (Their offence has only three).
If the Ticats go to 3-1 and the Riders fall to 1-3, the quarterback matchup won't be the only pre-season prediction CFL pundits got wrong.
Key Hamilton roster notes
For the second straight week, Hamilton makes only one change in its starting 24 offensive and defensive players. Defensive end Adrian Tracy had a sack and three tackles before he was injured early against Winnipeg and is out. First-year Ticat Julian Howsare finished against the Bombers, and will start Thursday. Field side defensive halfback Richard Leonard is still out with nagging injuries and Frankie Williams repeats there. John White, the former CFL all-star running back with Edmonton, has recovered from the ACL that ended his 2017 season, and is on the active roster. Mariel Cooper comes on for Randall Evans as backup at SAM linebacker.
Key Winnipeg roster notes
The biggie is the absence of Zach Collaros, who suffered a concussion against Ottawa two weeks ago and is on the six-game injury list. Neither Brandon Bridge, who starts again, nor David Watford, who relieved last week, has been effective. They're also not being protected very well. Takoby Cofield moves in at backup offensive lineman for Jarvis Harrison. The Riders recently signed guard Braden Schram, drafted 13th overall by the Ticats last year, but released last week — but he is still on the practice roster. So is defensive back Matt Elam, a first-round choice of the NFL's Baltimore Ravens in 2013. He made 26 NFL starts but has had injury and legal problems. The Riders signed him earlier this week. Former Mac kicker Tyler Crapigna is out with season-ending surgery. Brett Lauther, who kicked six field goals in four 2013 games with the Ticats, has replaced him.
Nifty numbers worth knowing
0 — Number of points the Ticats have scored off turnovers this season. Their four turnovers created are second last in the CFL to Toronto's 2.
3 — The number of seasons in the last 26 years that one CFL team has had two different Canadians rush for 90 or more yards during that season, as Mercer Timmis and Sean Thomas Erlington have already done this year for Hamilton. Jerome Messam, Jon Cornish and Matt Walter each went over 90 for Calgary during 2015 and Cornish and Walter did it for the Stamps in 2014
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MERRIAM, Kan. -- Police say a parent playing with children in a Kansas park found a quart-sized mason jar of marijuana, a loaded gun and a scale while looking for a lost ball.
"I called it the marijuana dealer's starter kit," Merriam Police Capt. Troy Duvanel said. "Because you've got everything. You've got your scale here for weighing out the product, cellphone for communicating with your clients, obviously your product, and your protection."
Police say the adult found the weapon and contraband on Memorial Day at Campbell Park in Merriam, according to investigators. The gun was a loaded 9 mm Beretta, caked with dirt.
"It could have ended badly if a kid or someone had found it," Duvanel said.
He said, judging by the all dirt on the loaded gun, it could have been in the park for weeks. He warned the public not to touch any found weapons.
"Just call the police and let us deal with it because you don't know the condition of it," he said.
The findings worry Sandy Paida, who lives next to Campbell Park. She had a picnic there with her 9-year-old granddaughter Tuesday.
"That's very scary," Paida said. "I don't let the kids come down here by themselves. I'm always with them, but still, they're down here and they're walking around. Anybody could have found it."
Paida said everything about the abandoned "starter pack" was strange.
"My concern is why was it left here? If somebody pulled up and scared them and they just threw it and ran? Which way did they run?" Paida said.
Those are all questions Merriam police don't have the answers to yet.
"If somebody had to leave it for an emergency, if somebody consumed too much of their own product and forgot where they placed it, it's difficult to say," Duvanel said.
Merriam police said once they send everything to forensics for prints and DNA testing, there's a good chance they'll find who it belonged to. They haven't turned the phone on yet, but when they find the person who left behind the drugs, scale, phone and gun, he or she will likely be arrested for possession with intent to distribute.
The dust-up came amid a broader debate about how Dr. Seuss books — some of which depict old stereotypes — fit into an evolving culture.
That debate roared back into the spotlight last month after Melania Trump sent 10 Dr. Seuss books to a school in each state — and a librarian in Cambridge, Massachusetts, sent them back.
"Dr. Seuss's illustrations are steeped in racist propaganda, caricatures, and harmful stereotypes," librarian Liz Phipps Soeiro wrote in a letter.
As The Washington Post's Rachel Chason reported, the librarian argued that rather than sending books to an elementary school in Cambridge, the first lady should have devoted resources to schools in "underfunded and underprivileged communities" that are "marginalized and maligned by policies put in place by Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos."
Critics view DeVos, a billionaire who worked for decades to promote school choice, as one of the most anti-public-education secretaries in the department's history.
In response, White House spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said giving the books was part of the first lady's effort to use her platform "to help as many children as she can."
She added that "turning the gesture of sending young schoolchildren books into something divisive is unfortunate, but the first lady remains committed to her efforts on behalf of children everywhere."
In their letter Thursday about the festival, Willems, Yee and Curato wrote:
"The career of Ted Geisel, writing as Dr. Seuss, is a story of growth, from accepting the baser racial stereotypes of the times in his early career, to challenging those divisive impulses with work that delighted his readers and changed the times. It was our hope that the administration of the new Seuss-ian institution would be able to take inspiration from Mr. Geisel's journey and find creative ways to allow children of all backgrounds to feel welcomed (or, at the very least, provide context for this hurtful painting)."
The trio said they expressed their concerns to the museum — and "unfortunately, the administration replied that it was the responsibility of visitors to contextualize the oversized painting of the 'Chinaman' for their younger wards, not theirs."
After the mural-replacement decision was announced by Seuss Enterprises, Willems, Yee and Curato applauded the news.
Officials at the museum had said they were looking for ways "to help guide parents and teachers in addressing this issue with children and pupils."
They also said they requested a meeting with the authors to discuss the matter but were rebuffed.
In a letter sent to the authors, Kay Simpson, president of the Springfield Museums and Dr. Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Garden, wrote that the museum "contains unedited material by Dr. Seuss during his lifetime" and that "we do not alter or edit an artist's work."
"Dr. Seuss's books taught life lessons, from being a faithful friend, to not discriminating based upon appearances, to keeping your promises," Simpson wrote. "Dr. Seuss was a product of his era and his attitudes evolved over time.
"It is our hope that parents and teachers can use the evolution of Dr. Seuss ... as a teachable moment for children in their charge."
Dr. Seuss Enterprises said Thursday that Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss, was "a man of his times. He was also a man who evolved with his times."
The Washington Post
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
AN AUSTRALIAN Neo-Nazi hate group appears to be making a resurgence after a series of racist stickers were posted in Canberra's city centre in its name.
The stickers feature the Nazi swastika, as well as the words "Antipodean Resistance" and "21st century Hitler Youth".
Canberrans Dave McCarthy and Augustine Bamberry found and removed the stickers.
They posted images of them to social media on Friday to help spread awareness, encouraging others to take them down.
Dave was on his way to work when he noticed the sticker on the Canberra Museum and Gallery's entrance sign.
"I pulled it down, then 50 metres further on saw the same sticker stuck directly onto the Canberra Theatre Centre and also pulled it down," he told news.com.au.
"It's the first time I've seen something so blatantly like that in Canberra. I've seen patriot groups of a similar ilk come and go over the years, but to be flagging Nazism so prominently... never seen that."
Augustine went looking for the posters after he saw Dave's post.
"Later that afternoon, I went for a walk around the city to search for more so I could remove them," he told news.com.au. "I found five and made a post also asking people to remove them if they saw them as well."
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Since Friday, Augustine said he's seen and removed a bunch of other posters with his friends, in a number of places around the CBD.
In one instance, it appeared to be placed over a pro-marriage equality sticker on a pole.
"They were all stuck to poles around the city. Outside the Canberra Theatre, Ainslie Place, along City Walk, in Garema Place and other streets in the city," he said.
He said it was the first time he'd seen anything like this in progressive Canberra, and believes there may be more out there.
Friends warned people not to pull the posters down with bare hands, claiming the perpetrators can put razor blades behind them.
This was not the case on the stickers pulled down recently.
Augustine and his friends removed the posters from around the city centre.
Antipodean Resistance is a hate group that hails Hitler and opposes Jews, non-white people and the LGBTQ community.
It claims the world is "very sick" and describes itself as the "Hitlers you've been waiting for", and their website states their aim was to "provide an alternative for young Australians to the filth of modern society by setting a good example for people to live up to".
The cowardly members don't actually put their names to their posts - the group operates as a collective under the veil of anonymity.
The posters evoke Nazi imagery.
Last month, it was revealed that similar posters had been spread across Sydney.
In January, their hateful posters were seen around Charles Sturt University in Bathurst.
The posters bare anti-Semitic and homophobic slogans, often accompanied by violent images.
news.com.au has seen but chosen not to publish the more graphic posters.
Another Antipodean Resistance poster, which was posted at Charles Sturt University earlier.
But from a legal perspective, there are limitations on what can be done about it.
In 1989, Section 20D of the NSW Anti-Discrimination Act was introduced, which prohibited incitement to violence.
But since the law was put in place, there has not been one conviction for such behaviour.
Last November, the NSW Cabinet refuted an attempt by the Attorney-General Mark Speakman to bring in effective incitement laws.
Under the law presently, police would have to prove that an offender committed a crime because someone else told them to do it, making it difficult to take action against those who spread these posters around cities.
Speaking on 2GB last month, NSW Jewish Board of Deputies CEO Vic Alhadeff said more had to be done.
"It's disgraceful, it's horrific, it's unacceptable that anybody in this country in 2018 can publicall call for violence, death, murder against any group of fellow Australians," Mr Alhadeff said.
"The law in NSW effectively says, go for your lfie. Let's wait until something happens before we take action.
"The police cannot have their hands tied in that way."
It will be the longest period that Big Ben has been silent in its 157-year history.
Published 5:50 PM, August 14, 2017
LONDON, United Kingdom – Britain's much-loved Big Ben will fall silent for four years from next week as conservation work is carried out on the famous 19th century bell in a clock tower next to the Houses of Parliament.
"Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project," Steve Jaggs, whose official title is "Keeper of the Great Clock", said in a parliament statement on Monday, August 14.
"This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home – the Elizabeth Tower," he said.
It will be the longest period that Big Ben, whose bongs are familiar to many people around the world because of their use in BBC radio and television broadcasts, has been silent in its 157-year history.
The Great Bell, popularly called Big Ben, weighs 13.7 tons and strikes every hour to the note of E. Four smaller bells also chime every 15 minutes.
The last bong before the refurbishment will be at 12 pm (1100 GMT) on August 21, the statement said.
The clock will still tell the time silently until 2021 and the chimes will continue to be rung on important occasions such as New Year's Eve.
The Elizabeth Tower, which is 96 metres (315 feet) high, is the most photographed building in Britain.
The tower itself is commonly referred to as Big Ben even though the name applies only to the bell.
The clock's cogs and hands as well as the four dials will be removed, cleaned up and repaired as part of the work.
The project's cost was estimated last year at £29 million (31.9 million euros, $37.7 million).
Because the clock mechanism will be temporarily out of action, a modern electric motor will drive the clock hands until the clock is reinstated.
Parliament also said that the clock's faces would have to be covered up while they are being repaired.
"However, to ensure that the public are still able to set their watches by this most important of time pieces, one working clock face will remain visible at all times throughout the works," it said. – Rappler.com
DANVILLE, Va. - Virginia International Raceway generates nearly $200 million a year for Southside's economy.
That's according to the new economic impact study the Halifax County track's CEO, Connie Nyholm, presented Wednesday morning at the Institute for Advanced Learning and Research in Danville.
The study is the first in nearly 10 years and shows the track brings in more than $237 million a year for the state as a whole.
Nyholm said an updated economic development study is needed to apply for grants to help fix problems with the track's water system.
"The message I hope to get across today is, this is a team sport. We work very closely with Halifax, Danville and Pittsylvania counties to grow VIR, to serve all of our guests," Nyholm said.
She hopes the track will continue to grow, but said that if the water system can't be addressed the track may have to downsize.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson got all the cushion he needed five minutes into a game against the Western Conference-leading Minnesota Wild on Tuesday night.
Gibson made 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season, rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored his fourth goal and Anaheim beat Minnesota 1-0. Gibson stalled the league's fourth-highest scoring team, and the Ducks beat the Wild and former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings this season.
“You never know what's going to happen, but I think it's a pretty rare situation that an early goal in the first holds up,” Cramarossa said. “But it is what it is. … Gibby stood on his head there to not let any in for them. We'll take it, and we're going home now for a little home stretch.”
The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December, a span of 34 games. Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves.
Advertisement
“You could tell very early on, or I could — maybe I know him a little bit — but he was really on his game and it was going to take something special to beat him,” Boudreau said of Gibson. “But we couldn't find that.”
Ducks forward Antoine Vermette was ejected in the third period with a game misconduct for abuse of an official. After losing a faceoff near center ice, Vermette reached out with his stick and smacked the linesman on his backside.
Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period. Corey Perry's shot from Dubnyk's left side was stopped, but the puck dropped near Dubnyk's feet and Cramarossa alertly tapped it in.
“It was in the net pretty fast, and that's my job to try tidy up rebounds,” Dubnyk said. “But that's why you throw the puck at the net from bad angles.”
Following the goal, Anaheim went nearly 10 minutes without a shot.
Minnesota had 13 shots on goal in the first period and then peppered Gibson in the second with another 16 shots. The Wild outshot the Ducks 37-23 in the game.
Closing against Anaheim has proven to be a tough task for any team this season. The Ducks have allowed the fewest third-period goals in the NHL this season.
Minnesota had plenty of chances. The closest was Christian Folin's slap shot early in the third that deflected hard off the post behind Gibson. The Wild were shutout for the second time at home this season.
Minnesota had scored four power-play goals in the past two games and had 13 in its previous 13 home games. The Wild were a league-best 30.1 percent on the power play at home this season heading into the game and sixth overall.
“He's played great,” Anaheim center Ryan Getzlaf said of Gibson. “He played good again tonight. The shot totals, they took a lot of shots, they were throwing everything at the net from the corners, everything. We got a few bounces and our goaltender played great. It was an ugly hockey game, but we'll take it and go home.”
NOTES: Anaheim scratched D Sami Vatanen for the fifth straight game with a lower-body injury. The team listed him as day-to-day. … Minnesota scratched D Matt Dumba for the second game in a row with a lower-body injury. … The Wild reassigned C Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after he cleared waivers. … The Ducks finished a season-long, six-game road trip at 2-3-1. Their last home game was Jan. 31.
UP NEXT
Ducks: Return home Friday night against the Florida Panthers.
Wild: Host the Dallas Stars on Thursday night.
U.S. Jobs Dropped By 33,000 In September, Likely Due To Storms
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Joe Raedle/Getty Images
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly 7-year streak of continuous job gains. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
Loading...
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
Jwala, the man who first saw spark in Yashasvi
Mumbai, Jul 4 (PTI) Unheralded, anonymous but starry-eyed, Yashasvi Jaiswal and Jwala Singh are perhaps two sides of the same coin.
It was Jwala, who first saw the fire in Jaiswal's eyes and the spring in his steps, as he wandered around for life's basis necessities, plus an opening in cricket.
There was not enough food and no proper shelter, but the 17-year-old Jasiwal battled the odds and is now primed to make the India U-19 team for the tour of Sri Lanka, alongside a certain Arjun Tendulkar.
"I had gone to Azad Maidan (in South Mumbai) in 2013, when I saw him (Yashasvi) practising, when he was 11-12 years-old, when he was facing A division bowlers. A friend of mine told me that he plays well, but was going back to his village in Uttar Pradesh," Jwala said.
Jwala runs a cricket academy in suburban Santacruz.
For three years, Jaiswal slept with groundsmen in a tent belonging to the Muslim United Club inside the Azad Maidan Ground premises in Mumbai. Before that, he worked in a dairy shop, where he used to sleep for the night.
Recalling the days gone by, Jwala added, "He had the lot of problems and there was no one to support him. I asked where does he stay and was told that he stays at the tent of the Muslin United (Club). I was shocked, and after he was done with batting, I spoke to him.
"He told me that he was from Bhadoi and stayed here (at the tent) and was heading back as he felt that his cricket was over.
"I asked him to meet me. He showed me his (cricket) file and (it) looked impressive. I told him that I will make arrangements for his stay."
Then on, life took a turn for better for Jaiswal.
"From that time, his parents have never interfered. I took a lot of extra efforts on him when I felt that he could make big. I worked on his batting. He did not have strength.
He had a fear that he won't play cricket and it was important to drive out the fear," the coach added about the boy who hails Bhadohi in Uttar Pradesh and is one of the two sons of a shopkeeper.
Once he discovered Jaiswal, Jwala said, he tried to make the middle-order batsman technically, mentally and physically strong.
"I took him to Juhu beach for fitness. He was an under-privileged child, as he did not get proper diet. There were also other issues, which needed to be worked on.
"We worked on him for hours and now he has become stable. He was handling other issues and he too worked hard on it."
Jwala said the U-19 selection could be a big break in Jaiswal's journey.
"He is a talented player. At the end of the day, he is just 17 and if he performs well, he will go ahead. He has special ability," said Jwala.
According to former Mumbai U-19 coach Satish Samant, the left-handed batsman was always focussed on realising his dream.
"He never told me about his background and never took advantage of it. I did not know about it (the background from where he came). He is away from social media and he would be a one-off boy, who is so much focused at his age, which is good sign," Samant, who had coached Jaiswal in the Mumbai U-19 team, said
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Travis Reinking's erratic behavior began years before police say he showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle.
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions, sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift, friends and relatives told police. He was arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump, and his bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft.
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide. He's been jailed without bond.
"He's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason," said Dave Warren, who once worked with Reinking in Colorado.
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida, Colorado, told police after the shooting that Reinking as complex.
He didn't drink or do drugs, according to a police report describing the interviews, and he was known as intelligent, polite and an excellent equipment operator. He didn't like the government or the National Rifle Association, and he talked about being a "sovereign citizen," although the meaning of the phrase wasn't clear.
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift, the report said.
Reinking told police - once in Tazewell County, Illinois, in 2016, and again in Colorado last year - that Swift was stalking him. He was infatuated with her and supposedly purchased a $14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her, authorities said.
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay, according to the interview notes.
Ken and Darlene Sustrich, the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months, recalled a time when he and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job. As they passed through the town of Last Chance, Colorado, Reinking quit on the spot.
"He misconstrued that was his last chance," Ken Sustrich said. "He got super-paranoid, and he quit that day. He said, 'This is my last chance.'"
Reinking's intelligence impressed them. He would sometimes talk about astrophysics, Darlene Sustrich said.
In his last few days at the crane service, he began showing signs of paranoia.
"You could see something was off with him, but nothing violent," Darline Sustrich said. Then came a call from the FBI, saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence.
"We told them, 'Hang onto him if you can. Help him if you can,'" she said.
Ken Sustrich told police that he reached out to Reinking's father with concerns about his son's mental health. He said the father replied that he was aware of the issues and "had been recently trying to rekindle his relationship with Travis," the police report said.
Back in Illinois last June, a sheriff's report showed, the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman's coat. That same day, an employee at his family's business, J&J Cranes, said he emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress, clutching a rifle and yelling profanities, according to a report.
The sheriff's department called his father, who was out of state. He told officers that he had taken four guns away when his son was "having problems" but later returned them.
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking "lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help," officer Randy Davis wrote in a report. The father agreed to do so.
When he was arrested at the White House, Reinking was not armed, but Illinois state police revoked his state firearms card at the FBI's request. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law. The father said he later returned the guns to his son again, police said.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside his residence, according to a report.
It isn't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. The performer has a home in Nashville, though it's not her only residence.
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment, nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking, who has not entered a plea.
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking's past fixation with Swift, but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar.
"You wouldn't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift," Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said.
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located. Police found the vehicle outside Reinking's apartment, but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it.
___
Foody reported from Denver, Colorado. Reeves reported from Birmingham, Alabama. Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida, Colorado; Ed White in Detroit; John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Kristin Hall in Nashville; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, also contributed to this report.
Chandigarh Golf Course to see 2 days of qualifiers for MercedesTrophy 2017
The Chandigarh leg is expected to see more than 210 golfers participate.
by Press Release Preview 15 Feb 2017, 15:00 IST
The Chandigarh Golf Club is set to host the ninth leg of the Mercedes Trophy
Mercedes-Benz India is set to bring its annual Golf tournament to the Chandigarh Golf Course, which was laid out in 1962. The ninth leg of the Mercedes Trophy 2017 arrives in Chandigarh on Thursday, February 16th. The two-day leg coming after the ninth Kolkata leg will see 240 golfers (two from each day) make it to the National Finals to be held at Pune's Oxford Golf Resort from March 15-17, 2017. The Mercedes Trophy tournament is in its 17th edition in India and will feature 25 days of qualifiers in all engaging about 2500 golfers, making it the largest participative golf tournament in the country.
Globally, Mercedes Trophy 2017 bears witness to the participation of approximately 60,000 golfers from across 50 countries battling it out for the top prize, making it one of the world's largest sporting events.
The Chandigarh leg is expected to see more than 210 golfers participate.
The tournament so far has seen qualification of 23 golfers from the eight legs held in Pune, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Coimbatore, Chennai and Kolkata respectively.
The 41 winners from the qualifying rounds being held in 12 cities – Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Coimbatore, Pune, Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Gurgaon & New Delhi, will then compete at the National Finals at the Oxford Golf Resort, Pune from 15th March – 17th March, 2017.
Three Winners from the National Finals will further progress to the Mercedes Trophy World Finals – Stuttgart, Germany in September 2017, to compete against country-specific edition winners from all over the world.
The format of play will be Double Peoria with the Chennai amateurs vying for one coveted spot at the National Final. The unique format of adjusting handicaps of the players each day enables more golfers to have a chance of qualifying for the National Finals.
One winner will travel to the British Open Championship and will get a chance to play the Royal Birkdale Championship course the day following the tournament.
The ‘Best Maintained Car' winners will compete for a wild card entry to the India National Final.
In order to introduce beginners to the game, Mercedes-Benz will host golf clinics at each round of the tournament, which will be conducted by instructors from the legendary David Leadbetter Golf Academy.
Fowler happy with 'good step' as major wait continues
His wait for a first major will continue into next year, but Rickie Fowler felt he improved in 2017.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 09:35 IST
American Rickie Fowler
Rickie Fowler believes he made a "good step" at majors this year after a fine final-round at the US PGA Championship on Sunday.
The American, 28, is still waiting to win a maiden major title despite a four-under 67 at Quail Hollow.
That was enough to see Fowler move into five under, but he finished three shots behind eventual champion Justin Thomas.
Fowler finished tied for fifth – his second top-five finish at majors this year and seventh of his career – and said he improved in 2017.
"I put myself in contention the first two. It wasn't a great British [Open], but not bad," he said.
"To be here, play solid the first two days and put myself in contention, was really in the mix until those last three yesterday [Saturday].
"Obviously I wasn't out of it, but it was going to take a really good round to give ourselves a chance. Nice coming off of last year. Made all the cuts. That's a good step."
"And there you go. Rickie Fowler is within 3." #PGAChamp pic.twitter.com/sI76phG8yu — PGA Championship (@PGAChampionship) August 12, 2017
Also surging on Sunday was Patrick Reed, who fired a 67 and ended up tied for second.
It marked Reed's best result at a major and the 27-year-old American said: "What I was most impressed with was it didn't feel any different.
"I was just out there trying to make as many birdies as possible."
A tie-up between Sprint and T-Mobile would cut the number of national wireless carriers to three from four in the United States. Photo: AP
New York: Sprint Corp. and T-Mobile US Inc. are putting the finishing touches on a merger that's likely to be announced when the wireless carriers report quarterly earnings at the end of October, according to people familiar with the matter.
Both sides are conducting final due diligence to decide on the exchange ratio that will determine Sprint's valuation, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private. Setting an exchange ratio for the all-stock deal will be one of the last steps to clinching the merger and hasn't yet been finalized, the people said.
Sprint shares closed at $7.50 Thursday in New York, valuing the company at about $30 billion. SoftBank Group Corp., the majority owner of the fourth largest US carrier, would accept a valuation around Sprint's market price, people familiar with the matter said in September. The wireless carriers are pursuing the deal to bulk up against larger competitors AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. in a cutthroat market for mobile phone customers.
The companies are also continuing discussions around non-cash items, including the location of the combined entity's headquarters and appointments to the executive management team, one of the people said.
A traditional breakup fee isn't expected to be included in the final agreement, two of the people said, reducing the risk for both companies if US regulators reject the merger. In that sense, a deal would be similar to the all-stock merger announced by Comcast Corp. and Time Warner Cable Inc. in 2014, which didn't contain a termination fee for either side. Comcast walked away from that deal a year later after regulators questioned its fairness.
A tie-up between Sprint and T-Mobile would cut the number of national wireless carriers to three from four, meaning it'll likely feature high on the to-do list of Makan Delrahim, the new head of the antitrust division at President Donald Trump's justice department.
While no breakup fee provision is planned at the moment, SoftBank may still push for a cash termination payment if it feels it has compromised more than it would like on other issues that haven't yet been finalized, one of the people said.
Representatives for Sprint, T-Mobile, SoftBank and Deutsche Telekom AG, T-Mobile's majority owner, declined to comment.
The companies are keen to finalize a deal agreement that can be released alongside quarterly earnings, the dates of which haven't yet been set. Lining up an announcement with the first set of results would help avoid confusion over the status of the deal, the people said. Sprint and T-Mobile typically announce their earnings before their majority owners, SoftBank and Deutsche Telekom. Last year that was 24 October for T-Mobile, and a day later for Sprint.
If remaining deal obstacles that arise from due diligence can't be overcome by then, an agreement could be pushed to a later date, the people said. Bloomberg
New Delhi: India Inc on Monday said there is room for further rate cut by the RBI to boost investments from private sector and revive industrial growth, as wholesale inflation rose to 1.88 per cent in July.
"Given the trend and outlook for inflation, we see clear space for a more accommodative stance in the monetary policy. This is all the more important given the state of industrial sector where growth is anaemic.
"Private sector investments continue to remain weak which is key concern for now. We look forward to a further cut in the policy rate by the RBI at the earliest. This along with forthcoming festive season demand and expected improvement in rural incomes should help propel consumption and thus investment sentiment," Ficci President Pankaj Patel said.
Wholesale inflation increased to 1.88 per cent in July as prices of some commodities increased in the first month of Goods and Services Tax (GST) rollout.
Inflation based on the wholesale price index (WPI) was 0.90 per cent in June 2017 and 0.63 per cent in July 2016.
"Continuous increase in the prices of petrol and high speed diesel due to rise in prices of crude oil globally have to be taken care of by policymakers since it may have impact on import bills and subsequent impact on exchange rates," Assocham Secretary General DS Rawat said.
He said it is clear from the recent global economic policy announcements that interest rates are going to increase in future.
"As such policymakers must take corrective action to address the situation of rising interest rates coupled with the situation of twin balance sheet problems in India, limited capacity of private sector to invest and existing unutilised capacity of industries to produce," Rawat said.
The government data released today showed that prices of food articles went up by 2.15 per cent in July on a yearly basis. In June, the prices had contracted by 3.47 per cent. Data released last week showed that industrial output hit a four-year low and contracted 0.1 per cent in June, mainly on account of decline in manufacturing and capital goods sectors.
Earlier this month, the Reserve Bank cut policy repo rate by 0.25 per cent to 6 per cent citing reduction in inflation risk. The rate cut was the first in 10 months and brought policy rates to near 7-year low.
The Formation Of Italy's New Government Is Causing A Crisis With Global Implications
At heart is a power struggle between politicians who want Italy to remain a member of the European Union and the winners of March elections — Euroskeptic populists. Italy's president vetoed a populist coalition meaning fresh elections may need to be called.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Now to Italy and a political crisis with global implications. At issue is the formation of a new government. The struggle is between politicians who want to remain in the European Union and anti-establishment populists. They're the ones who won the most seats in the last election back in March. This battle is rattling financial markets. It is unnerving Italy's neighbors. And NPR's Sylvia Poggioli is with us to explain all.
I should say you're with us in person in Washington. Welcome.
SYLVIA POGGIOLI, BYLINE: Thank you. I'm happy to be here.
KELLY: Benvenuto, I should say. So explain all. What is going on in Italy?
POGGIOLI: Total chaos.
KELLY: OK.
POGGIOLI: The two rival populist parties, 5-Star Movement and the League, came close to forming a government. But the Italian president, Sergio Mattarella, used his veto power against the man the parties proposed for the key economy post because he's a vocal critic of Italy's membership in the eurozone. 5-Star Movement then called for the president's impeachment, and the League called for a march on Rome. That has an echo of dictator Benito Mussolini's power grab in 1920.
And all this roiled the global markets and raised fears that Italy, with its huge mountain of debt, could exit the EU and wipe out investors holding much of that debt. The populace now seem to have gone back on their threats and may be ready to find a compromise candidate for the economy post.
KELLY: OK, so total chaos, as you're laying out there - however, total political chaos being nothing new to Italy - and this is a country that has had - we've looked it up - 65 governments in the last 73 years.
POGGIOLI: Yeah. But this time, I think the instability is due to a very, very high level of anger. It's very intense, very widespread. And it's over the stagnant economy, the high jobless rate and - especially among the young - and of course over the huge migrant influx over the last several years. And much of that anger is justifiably aimed at the European Union, which imposed severe austerity measures on Italy and showed absolutely no solidarity or assistance in the migrant crisis.
Now, the populists fueled a lot of that anger, but they didn't offer very realistic proposals. The League promises much lower taxes and the expulsion of hundreds of thousands of migrants. 5-Star Movement promises big hikes in spending.
KELLY: OK, so that's what's going on at the political level. What about just ordinary Italians? How riled up are they about what's going on here?
POGGIOLI: I think there's a lot of confusion, but if you also - if you look at social media, it's pretty scary. Many 5-Star Movement followers are calling for Mattarella to be killed like his brother was 30 years ago by the Mafia. And meanwhile, someone very familiar to Americans, Steve Bannon, until last year President Trump's chief strategist - he's been stirring things up there. He's spending a lot of time in Italy, giving interviews.
KELLY: Keeps getting photographed by the Trevi Fountain in Rome, right?
POGGIOLI: Exactly - giving interviews, holding public events and urging Italians to disrupt the constitutional order. But some analysts think the crisis might help convince some voters to rethink their choices. The populists have not shown themselves to be very skilled in the art of compromise, which is the essence of politics.
KELLY: And briefly, when you say maybe rethinking their choices, there was talk of having another election. Where's that going?
POGGIOLI: Oh, that's very possible. If a viable political solution can't be found, there'll probably be a stopgap government of technocrats who will probably run the country for a few months before another round of elections is held. There was talk it could be early as July, but summers are sacred in Italy. Getting people to vote on a Sunday in July would be pretty hard, so it'll...
KELLY: Not going to happen.
POGGIOLI: Probably September or October.
KELLY: All right, thank you, Sylvia.
POGGIOLI: Thank you.
KELLY: NPR's Sylvia Poggioli.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They're some of the nation's most-loved dishes, but it seems that meals including fish and chips and chicken tikka masala could be at risk as a result of climate change.
A new report by WWF has found that many favourites may taste different, need to substitute ingredients and cost more in future, as climate change could threaten the supply of the key ingredient.
The report revealed that by 2050 chicken tikka masalas could be transformed, as chickens will be fed on alternative feeds such as insects and algae.
Rice prices are also expected to rise by a third, while we could see onion shortages caused by an increase in diseases.
(Image: Getty)
Meanwhile, traditional cod could be replaced by anchovies in fish and chips, as warmer oceans cause smaller species to displace cod populations.
Cheese production is also likely to be affected due to heat stress on dairy herds and resulting impact on milk production, meaning cheese ploughman's sandwiches could be a thing of the past.
The report also calculated the environmental costs of these dishes today.
(Image: WWF)
The cheese ploughman's was found to create 2.6kg CO2 in greenhouse gas emissions to produce - the equivalent of charging a smartphone 316 times, boiling a kettle 113 times or keeping an LED lightbulb switched on for 28 whole days.
Gareth Redmond-King, Head of Energy and Climate at WWF commented: “The threat to these classic dishes just shows that climate change could impact every aspect of our lives in future if we don't act now.
“That's why this Earth Hour we want people to eat more sustainably. That doesn't necessarily mean going vegan or vegetarian – it means each of us cutting back on the amount of fish, meat and dairy we eat.
“If each of us takes a small action, together we can combat climate change and future-proof our best-loved dishes.”
Leveling Out of Retail Volatility Could Be on the Horizon The first quarter was rocky for retail across the industry, but Wall Street analysts see a relative calm taking shape.
Photo: Getty Images
Short guys: I'm sorry. The stigma against you is unfair, especially when it comes to Tinder. When the next option is simply a swipe of a finger away, it's too easy to dismiss a potentially perfect partner based on shallow attributes. Women don't really give a fuck about height IRL, but then we jump on Tinder and we're faced with all these giant men boasting about their heights (“6'3”, because apparently that's important to you”) and it starts to feel like a priority. Height is important to some women, but they're usually the ones looking for one-off sexual encounters, rather than a love stronger than superficial requirements. Perhaps you're thinking: “This is some bullshit, women should love me for me, not my height, and I'm not going to mention it.” But if you're shorter than the average U.S. male height (5'9”) there are actually benefits to listing your height on your Tinder profile—at least, within a few inches. Calling 5'5” 5'6”, for example, seems relatively harmless. Just don't outright lie, by using photos that aren't you or by calling yourself an entire six inches taller than you actually are. Lying will start your first date off on a bad foot, and no one wants to fuck a liar.
A soothing FYI: I've dated guys who are 5'5” with much bigger dicks than guys who are 6'5”.
A cautionary FYI: Never brag about your dick size on a Tinder profile.
ALSO READ: 10 sexiest jobs, according to Tinder
If you play it right, you can appear suave and confident right out the gate. Here are some non-douchey suggestions to put in your Tinder profile if you're short.
“I'm 5'4” but don't give a fuck if you wear heels.”
Unless you have reached enlightenment—Gandhi was 5'4”—if you're a short guy you likely do give a fuck if the lady standing next to you wears heels. Non-Gandhi straight men typically want to be yuge-er than their mate (can you even imagine how extra awful Trump would be if he was short?) This dates back to caveman roles where the man was expected to protect his kin from saber tooth tigers (probably). Therefore, for many short men a woman of equal or lesser height should be an ideal match. But ugh, heels. In my experiences dating shorter guys, their prickly discomfort when I wore heels (Doc Martens don't work at an upscale holiday party, sorry) was my biggest beef. Owning your height and acting secure enough to be okay with women wearing heels is a stepping stone to fantastic sex.
“I'm 5'5″ so we can't ride everything at the fair unless you bring a large trench coat.”
This Tinder bio suggestion came directly from my friend Dave, who has used it with success. Being funny and irreverent gets you laid. Confidence gets you laid. You know who I'd like to swipe right with? Al Pacino. Sure, he's 5'7”, but he's Al Pacino (Al Paci-YES). Confidence is everything. Add this to your profile because it shows you don't give a fuck; you're so dope you'll sit on a chick's shoulders in a trench coat like you're in The Little Rascals.
“I'm the same height as Gael García Bernal.”
Not only is Gael García Bernal hot as hell (holy Motorcycle Diaries) but you're shifting the short-guy association away from the Tom Cruises and Napoleons of the world. The dreaded Napoleon Complex implies that as a short guy, you suffer from insecurities that lead to brutal war crimes (or, you know, being rude to waiters). That stereotype is often inaccurate, but we've all heard it. Redirect her attention to a sexy, successful, non-war criminal. Daniel Radcliffe is 5'5” and who doesn't want to fuck Harry Potter? Prince (RIP), the man capable of delivering the most powerful orgasm on the planet, was 5'2”. By using celebrity comparisons rather than numbers, you're also allowing for useful (and erotic) visualization.
A final soothing FYI: I'm still not entirely sure how tall my current boyfriend is, and we live together. He's somewhere around my height, but I'm not even entirely sure how tall I am. Further proof that women truly DGAF about height.
> More on Sex and Relationships
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
At least 300 have been killed and 2,000 left homeless after a mudslide sparked by heavy rain crashed through part of Sierra Leone's capital.Homes were swept away in Regent, in the outskirts of Freetown, while roads turned into rampaging rivers as the mudslide struck.Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies after heavy rains and flooding.Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster.'The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses,' he told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances, saying his mortuary only has four.Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted its regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve their loved ones' bodies. Others were seen carting relatives' remains in rice sacks to the morgue.Military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation currently ongoing, officials said.Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the West African country's rainy season.Vice President Victor Foh said: 'It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble.'The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,' he added. 'We're trying to cordon (off) the area (and) evacuate the people.'People cried as they looked at the damage under steady rain, gesturing toward a muddy hillside where dozens of houses used to stand, a Reuters witness said.Images obtained by AFP showed a ferocious churning of dark orange mud coursing down a steep street, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist and chest deep in water trying to traverse the road.Other images showed battered corpses piled on top of each other, as residents struggled to cope with the destruction.Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit annually by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.About 60 percent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
England should not underestimate Sweden, says Eriksson
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 241 // 04 Jul 2018, 14:04 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson
Former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has warned Gareth Southgate's side of the "extremely difficult" task they face to break down Sweden's defence in Saturday's World Cup quarter-final.
The Three Lions are on a high after Tuesday's penalty shoot-out victory over Colombia following a 1-1 draw, which booked them a trip to Samara to face a Sweden side Eriksson rates highly for their defensive resilience and team ethic.
Janne Andersson's men have won three of their four World Cup matches so far, scoring six goals and keeping a trio of clean sheets as they topped Group F and beat Switzerland 1-0 in the last 16.
Eriksson, who managed England to 40 victories and only 10 defeats between 2001 and 2006, said his home nation would prove a stern test for his former employers.
"It was great to see England winning on penalties, they were mentally very strong," the 70-year-old told Sky Sports News.
"If England think they will have an easy match on Saturday, that's a big mistake. I think it could be very difficult.
"It's difficult for Sweden as well, but to score against them is extremely difficult.
"[England] have the players individually to do something special - [Harry] Kane is one, [Raheem] Sterling is another. But when I tell you it's difficult to beat Sweden, it's the truth. Italy tried in the qualifiers for 180 mins and they didn't score. Germany only scored a free kick at the end.
"I'm looking forward to it - It's very much 50/50."
Sorry we put you through that – but what a way to do it. #threelions pic.twitter.com/wLXug1uTLT — England (@England) July 3, 2018
Eriksson, who said he "feels a little bit English", thinks Sweden are thriving despite Zlatan Ibrahimovic's international retirement in 2016.
Ibrahimovic is Sweden's all-time leading goalscorer having struck 62 times in 116 appearances, but Eriksson highlighted Andersson's team has collective rather than individual strength.
"If one is suspended, they put in another one and you can't see the difference," said Eriksson.
"Sweden doesn't have a Kane or Sterling or Neymar. It's a collective. They do things together and work extremely hard.
"I said some weeks ago that England can go very far. Young players, hungry players. They did very well, were the better team, and deserve to be where they are."
The Giant Eagle Kid-A-Palooza, sponsored by Green Giant Veggie Tots, is happening at David L. Lawrence Convention Center on Saturday, February 10th from 10AM-4PM! Tickets are on sale now for this Festival of Fun for the entire family! Tickets are on sale now. Click here to buy tickets.
Click here for complete Kid-A-Palooza details.
Listen to Y108 all weekend to win tickets at these times:
Saturday, February 3rd
9:45-10a
10:30-10:45a
1-1:15p
3:30-3:45p
6:30-6:45p
Sunday, February 4th
11:30-11:45a
12:45-1p
1:30-1:45p
3:30-3:45p
7:15-7:30p
MORRIS, Minn. – A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in his backyard for children in his neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” he said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill his time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
The Miami-Dade County Youth Fair & Exposition has announced its 2017 Share the Romance online promotion. This online promotion offers fairgoers a savings of $48 from regular prices on both admission tickets and P*O*P (Pay One Price) unlimited ride cards.
The Share the Romance promotion includes two admission tickets and two P*O*P ride cards (unlimited rides); valid any one day of the 21-days of the 2017 Youth Fair & Exposition for ages 6 through 64 for only $50. Youngsters five years of age and under and guests 65 years and better receive free admission every day, all day and do not require an admission ticket. Offer is not valid during school field trips. The Youth Fair's Share the Romance online promotion began on Friday, Feb. 3rd and will be available thru Tuesday, Feb. 14th.
The 2017 Miami-Dade County Youth Fair & Exposition will take place at Tamiami Park on SW 107 Avenue & Coral Way, its home since 1972, from March 23 thru April 16, 2017, except March 27 & 28 and April 3 & 4. The 2017 Youth Fair & Exposition will provide many all-new surprises as well as amusement rides, one-of-a kind delicious food, live outdoor entertainment, concerts and agricultural and academic exhibits to guests for 21 days in 2017. For more information on the 2017 Share the Romance promotion, visit www.fairexpo.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bjorn Kuipers, the Dutchman who can lay claim to being the richest referee in the world, will take change of England's World Cup showdown with Sweden.
Kuipers, 45, has been given the quarter-final clash in Samara on Saturday – despite telling Neymar to “shut up” when he officiated the Brazil's game against Costa Rica in the group stages.
The Oldenzaal-born whistleblower is not overawed by the mega-rich superstars of the modern game - because he earns millions every year himself from the supermarket chain he owns in Holland called Jumbo.
Kuipers' personal wealth back in 2016 was estimated at a cool £11.5million – and he rakes in between £2-3million every year in profit alone.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
He rarely pays himself a dividend, because he earns enough money from refereeing to keep his family comfortable, and he's built up a property portfolio worth at least £5million.
Kuipers has told close family and friends that he considers England's clash with the Swedes to be “a cracker.”
He is determined to ensure he upholds the FIFA values of Fair Play much better than American Mark Geiger did when the Three Lions beat Colombia on penalties to reach the last eight.
Kuipers' supermarket sweep is a real success story in Holland and he still combines working in his shops with refereeing.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
His business generates so much cash that he sponsors Formula One's Max Verstappen, the Red Bull driver who triumphed at Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix wearing a Jumbo-emblazoned yellow helmet.
Kuipers, who refereed the Europa League final between Atletico Madrid and Marseille in May, was the man in the middle at the 2014 Champions League final and dreams of getting the World Cup Final.
A good omen for England is that he officiated the under 20s World Cup final victory over Venezuela last year.
But Four years ago, he was in charge when England lost to Italy in Brazil.
(Image: AFP)
Last week, Kuipers took charge of host Russia's shock victory over Spain in the last-16 stage.
He was accused on social media of being controlled by Russia President Vladimir Putin after a pair of controversial decisions which benefited the home side.
Russia were handed a penalty after Gerard Pique was adjudged to have deliberately handled Artem Dzyuba's header - despite facing in the opposite direction.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Before Kuipers waved away an extra time penalty for Spain when Sergio Ramos and Ilya Kutepov grappled each other to the ground.
But Kuipers' proudest achievement was inventing a machine to collect empty bottles in his supermarkets.
He can be sure that if England win on Saturday afternoon there will be quite a few empties.
A Look At What Would Happen If Trump Doesn't Certify The Iran Nuclear Deal Next week is critical in the Trump administration's vow to redo the Iran nuclear deal. Options are being prepared for the president to announce by Friday. Here's a look at how they could play out.
An arctic dip in the waters of Peggotty Beach signifies the start of the new year for the South Shore Anchors rugby team.
Team members Ben Palmer and Jason Haen (HAYN) explain the history of the South Shore Anchors.
http://959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/PEGGOTTYPLUNGE3.mp3
Members of the team leapt into the water on New Year's Day to benefit the Kyle F. Dandrow Memorial Scholarship Fund.
Palmer and Haen say the team is committed to celebrating Kyle's memory with the tradition he helped to create back in 2009.
http://959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/PEGGOTTYPLUNGE4.mp3
The Peggotty Beach Polar Plunge became the Kyle F. Dandrow Polar Plunge after his untimely death in 2014 from an undiagnosed heart condition.
Advertising
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An angry mum has accused her son's school of sexism after he was excluded for having his hair tied back in a Gareth Bale-style bobble to keep it out of his face during exams.
Macauley Wade, 16, has been told that he won't be allowed to attend Havelock Academy for the remainder of the year because he has an "extreme haircut".
Grimsby Live reports that they do not have an issue with the length of his hair, just that it was tied back.
Footballer Gareth Bale famously wears his hair up to keep it out of his eyes while playing.
The school's uniform policy states that 'hairbands should be plain and subtle'.
However it does not refer to male or female pupils, and Macauley's mother Theresa Wade, has accused the academy of sexism over the issue.
She says that girls would not be treated in the same fashion - and claims that Havelock are trying to ruin his "individuality" and are forcing their pupils to become "robots".
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph/BPM Media)
(Image: Getty)
To make matters worse for the young student, he is in the middle of sitting his GCSE exams, and has been told that he cannot come into the school to attend special revision classes for his upcoming exams.
He was told to leave the school last Wednesday and that he would not be allowed back with his hair in a bobble.
Macauley, of Grimsby, said: "I had put my hair in a bobble to stop it falling down into my face when I am doing my exams or studying.
"But when I went into school last Wednesday, I was pulled aside by the deputy head who told me that I have an extreme haircut and would have to go home.
"I ended up sitting in reception for nearly two hours waiting to be collected, and wasn't allowed to go to any of the classes that were on, it just doesn't seem right to me."
The Havelock Academy uniform policy states that "long hair must be tied up for PE/practical Science and/or subjects" which the Wade family believe that they have fully adhered to.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph/BPM Media)
Theresa said that they have never had a problem with the school before, and that her son's hair used to be far longer and messier than it is now.
She said: "I don't know why they have decided to do this now right in the middle of his GCSE exams.
"He has had long hair for a long time, and it used to be really messy before he recently got it cut to make it look more neat and tidy.
"The school had never once complained about his messy hair, and it just seems sexist that they have excluded him because his hair is in a bobble, girls are allowed to do it so why not Macauley?
"He is 16 now, and becoming his own person who likes to show off his personality, and his hair being like this is just part of who he is.
"It is like they want all of their students to be like robots judging by how they treat them."
Macauley is now concerned that missing out on school could have an effect on his exams, as he says that he is missing out on important revision classes that could help him.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph/BPM Media)
He said: "I am worried now about losing out on important revision for my exams, I don't think that it is right that I have been told that I cannot come to school just a few weeks before I am about to finish.
"I only put my hair in a bobble to stop it falling into my eyes when I am working."
A Havelock Academy spokesperson said: “We have a clear uniform policy that all students must adhere to, which includes hairstyles.
"These are made clear to all students, as well as parents and carers, when they join our school.
"We met last week with one of our students, who is on study leave, along with his mother to request that he untie his hair to meet our policy.
"Regrettably, they have chosen not to, and we hope that they will reconsider their decision.”
NJPW News: Tetsuya Naito reflects on the 3-year anniversary of Los Ingobernables
Naito also gave a shout-out to a former notable stablemate!
Soumik Datta ANALYST News 31 May 2018, 05:06 IST 76 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Los Ingobernables
What's the story?
During a recent post-match interview at the on-going NJPW: Best of Super Juniors Tournament, current IWGP Intercontinental Champion Tetsuya Naito reflected on the three year anniversary of his faction Los Ingobernables and subsequently also spoke about his NJPW debut which took place almost 12 years ago.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
In case you didn't know…
Ever since its inception in 2015, the Los Ingobernables de Japon faction has become one of the most popular factions of all time, alongside The Bullet Club.
Los Ingobernables was initially formed in 2015 by former NWA World Historic Welterweight Champion La Sombra—now known as La Sombra in WWE—when he associated himself with fellow CMLL stars Rush and La Mascara.
On the other hand, NJPW superstar Tetsuya Naito was first introduced as a member of Los Ingobernables when he made an excursion trip to Mexico in order to compete for CMLL in 2015 and during that very same tour, Naito eventually associated himself with La Sombra and the rest of the Los Ingobernables faction.
Following his return to Japan, Naito then formed the Los Ingobernables de Japon faction, when he was initially joined by the likes of Evil and Bushi, followed by Seiya Sanada. In 2016, LIJ also added top Jr. Heavyweight Hiromu Takahashi to their ranks.
The heart of the matter
While speaking with the backstage press at the recently concluded Best of Super Juniors show on Sunday, Tetsuya Naito recalled that it was on this very day in 2015 that he received a Los Ingobernables T-Shirt for the very first time from La Sombra in Mexico.
As per Naito, he noted that it was on this very day three years ago in Mexico that he took a big step in his Pro Wrestling career and found his voice and joining Los Ingobernables definitely did mean a lot to ‘The Ungovernable'.
What's next?
Tetsuya Naito is currently scheduled to defend his IWGP Intercontinental Championship against Chris Jericho later next month at the Dominion 6.9 pay-per-view.
What's your take on LIJ? How long do you think will they continue to be a top faction in the NJPW? Let us know in the comments below!
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Nacho: Real Madrid only need small changes
Nacho thinks Real Madrid are well placed to compete for multiple titles again next season, with only small changes required.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 20:20 IST
Real Madrid defender Nacho
Real Madrid only require small changes to ensure they can compete for the Champions League and LaLiga titles again, according to defender Nacho.
Madrid won a LaLiga and European Cup double for the first time in 59 years last season, with Nacho playing a key role as Zinedine Zidane rotated his team to keep his squad fresh for the run-in.
However, keeping everyone happy in a star-studded squad has not been easy for Zidane and James Rodriguez and Alvaro Morata have been linked with big-money moves to the Premier League.
Nacho, though, is hopeful there will not be radical changes at the Santiago Bernabeu.
"Sergio Ramos came out and said the other day that we only need to change a few small things. I am with the captain," Nacho said at Real Madrid's kit launch.
"When things are going good and when you can manage to create a real unity in the group, that is important. We are not the ones that deal with the signings and departures but if you ask me as a player in the squad, I would say we need to change very little.
"Without doubt, it was the most minutes I have played. I have always asked for time on the field based on my efforts and this season is when I have felt most important.
"With these team-mates it is difficult to play, that is obvious. But yes, personally, I would say this year, and not just because I could offer something but because of the team we had and because we could achieve some big things."
#HalaMadrid@nachofi1990: "Everyone will like the new shirt."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A newly married couple spent their wedding night trapped in a school after snowfall left them trapped on a dual carriageway in Devon.
John and Sarah Lund were travelling to a hotel for their honeymoon when a main road near Dartmoor became blocked by snow.
A 64-mile stretch of the A30 was closed between the M5 at Exeter and Bodmin Moor forcing drivers to abandon their vehicles, Devon Live reports.
(Image: Image: Richard White)
A total of 82 people had to be rescued and spent the night at Okehampton College in a temporary rescue centre set up by the emergency services and local authorities.
The Army was drafted in to pull cars off the road - which reopened this morning at around 8am after being shut down on Sunday evening.
John and Sarah Lund were among those trapped as they tried to make their way from their wedding in Bristol to a hotel in Newquay.
John told the BBC people at the rescue cenre did their best to make them comfortable.
He said: "They've been absolutely amazing. It was not the start of a honeymoon we were expecting. But morale here is good and we've been laughing about it. We were lucky because we managed to get off the A30 but others were stuck there."
He said they were hoping to get back on the road later.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Visiting hours at Weston General Hospital have been restricted due to an outbreak of the winter diahorrea and vomiting bug Norovirus.
Wards at the hospital have been closed due to the outbreak and visitor access restricted in order to stop the spread of the bug.
Visiting hours are restricted to between 2.30pm and 3.30pm and from 6.30pm to 7.30pm, with a maximum of two visitors per patient.
The restrictions apply to all wards apart from the intensive care unit, the medical assessment unit and the surgical assessment unit.
What is Norovirus?
Norovirus is an unpleasant vomiting bug which usually lasts about two days. There's not much that can be done to treat it but there are ways to reduce the risk of passing it on.
It is highly contagious and so it is important to practise good hygiene by thoroughly washing hands with soap and warm water.
If you have symptoms, you are urged to stay away from places like hospitals and care homes and avoiding preparing food or having close contact with others when ill to limit the spread.
The virus causes unpleasant, but short-lived, vomiting and diarrhoea but most people get over it within a day or two.
In the very young, elderly or those who have weakened immune systems it can last longer and it is easy to get dehydrated, so it is important to drink plenty of fluids to prevent this.
Those who have diarrhoea and vomiting should not prepare food until 48 hours after symptoms have disappeared.
If anyone has symptoms and is concerned they should contact NHS 111 or talk to their GP by phone.
A new study has revealed that people with similar social status in similar age groups are more likely to clash with each other. This rivalry could likely lead to taking more risks in fair weather conditions.
Competition, while is often seen as beneficial, can escalate into destructive conflict. This occurs, for instance, when athletes sabotage each other or when rival executives get caught up in a career-derailing fight. These escalations, which lead to conflict, are especially likely among similar-status competitors, who are fraught with discordant understandings of who is superior to whom.
A research team of KAIST, the US Treasury, INSEAD, and the European School of Management and Technology (ESMT) examined the link between status similarity and conflict as well as the conditions under which this link holds by using panel data on Formula 1 races from 1970 through 2014. For the study, the research team analyzed a total of 506 collision cases by 355 F1 drivers over 45 years.
The team found that similar-status F1 drivers are more prone to collide, especially when they are age-similar, performing well, and feeling safe. When these boundary conditions are met, structural equivalence likely triggers antagonism among interactants.
This research deepens the understanding of when violent conflict emerges and when prevention efforts are called for. Professor Lee from the Graduate School of Culture Technology at KAIST said, "People are not sure about their identity when facing competitors of a similar status. People tend to confirm their own stature by beating an opponent."
The team investigated the factors that escalate competition into dangerous conflict. Recently, sociological theorizing claims that such escalations are particularly likely in pairs of structurally equivalent actors who have the same relations with the same third parties. Using the F1 data, the research team modeled the probability that two drivers would collide on a racetrack as a function of their structural equivalence in a dynamic network of competitive relationships.
Professor Lee added, "We fully understand that the drivers who ranked first and second are likely to have more conflict because they meet more frequently and know each other well. We also regulated all those conditions and confirmed that our hypothesis worked right throughout the data analysis."
Professor Lee, who wrote his doctoral thesis on tennis tournaments for identifying the ideal organizational structure, said that sports tournaments would be best optimized for comprehending the nature of organizational structures. Tournaments, even those with rankings based on objective criteria, are in fact intensely social. However, most prior empirical work in this area has relied only on official information on competitors' performance, thus failing to capture the important elements of past competitive encounters.
"It is not so easy to obtain data on rivalries and conflicts inside an organization. However, in sports, the performances of athletes are all recorded and the data can be utilized as a very objective methodology for understanding social relations and their structural affects.
Official positions in tournaments, although clearly informative, can also be reductionist -excluding the emotionally salient features of competitors' histories and forcing competitors together on a scalar metric, even when the competitors themselves do not see each other as comparable.
The results from sample-split models are important for social networking research, which has paid scant attention to the contextual conditions in which structural equivalence is most consequential for social action - especially hostile social actions.
The study suggests that new work will benefit from examining how demographic overlap, network stability, and perceived costs of conflict "activate" a structurally equivalent relationship to the point that it is not only salient but also conducive to conflict.
Professor Lee said, "Sociology mainly investigates the positive results of social success and collaboration. This study shows that any violent activities, including homicide, also have something to do with organizational and social structural equivalence."
This study was co-led by Professor Matthew Bothner from ESMT in Germany, Professor Henning Piezunk from INSEAD in France, and Dr. Richard Haynes from the US Treasury and was featured at the PNAS (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA) in March.
###
None
The Red Wolves bench erupts after a three-pointer in the second half of Conrad's 73-62 win at home against Ursuline Friday. William Bretzger, The News Journal
PARIS, April 12 France and the rest of Europe must use last week's U.S. missile strike on Syria as a tool to revive peace negotiations between warring parties, French President Francois Hollande said in a newspaper interview published on Wednesday.
In the interview with Le Monde, Hollande said intelligence suggested that the nerve gas attack which prompted the U.S. missile strike was tactical in nature and launched from an aircraft.
Major western powers and their Middle Eastern allies blame Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for the attack and have been pushing this week to try to isolate him over the attack on a rebel-held town last week that killed 87 people including 31 children.
Pressure is also building on Russian President Vladimir Putin to break ties with Assad.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; Editing by Brian Love)
A DFL candidate drops out of Minnesota's first Congressional race.
John Austinson, of Eyota, leaves two months after he announced his candidacy.
He declined to comment on camera, but told KTTC he wants to get back to his personal life. He cites his father falling and breaking a hip as a sign to drop out.
Austinson said he wishes the other candidates the best, but hasn't thrown his support behind any of them just yet.
However, Austinson says he could run again in 2018.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man allegedly beat his girlfriend to death with a rock and a metal pole before chopping up her body and disposing of it down a toilet, a court heard.
Dean Lowe, 33, is accused of murdering Kirby Noden, 32, in the bedroom of their basement flat in Marazion, Cornwall, in January last year.
Paul Dunkels QC, prosecuting, told Truro Crown Court: "It was January last year and the defendant and a woman called Kirby Nolan were living together in a flat in Marazion.
"It was in that month that the defendant attacked her in their bedroom of the flat, beating her to death with a rock and a metal pole. He then disposed of her body.
"Her blood was splattered around the bedroom from the attack upon her and it soaked into the mattress where her body had been laying and it was on the weapons he had used to murder her."
(Image: SWNS)
He continued: "No one other than the defendant knew what had happened to Kirby Noden for five months until May of last year when the defendant began to send text messages to members of his family in Cheshire that there has been a body on the floor of the flat which he had cut up and put into bins and down the toilet.
"They contacted the police and when the police went to the flat the defendant showed that officer the blood and admitted to the police officer he had killed Kirby Noden and disposed of her body."
The couple, originally from Winsford, in Cheshire, had a "chaotic lifestyle" marked by homelessness and drug use, with Lowe taking "some form of pills".
Mr Dunkels said the last confirmed sighting of Miss Noden was on January 11 when a couple went to her flat to buy cannabis from Lowe.
He said a benefit payment of £220.40 was paid into Miss Noden's bank account on January 10 and later that day all but 40p was withdrawn in cash.
"It is clear that the defendant had Kirsty Noden's bank card after he killed her but he did not have her pin and was unable to withdraw cash from an ATM," Mr Dunkels said.
"The prosecution say that the defendant killed Kirby Noden some time between January 11 and 14 last year."
Lowe denies murder.
PANAMA CITY (AP) — U.S. citizen William Dathan Holbert was sentenced to 47 years in prison by a court in Panama for robbing and killing five other Americans in a Caribbean tourist destination, authorities said Monday.
Holbert's ex-wife Laura Reese was sentenced to 26 years for her role.
Authorities said Holbert admitted killing five people between 2007 and 2010 in Bocas del Toro province in order to steal their property.
Holbert's lawyer, Claudia Alvarado, suggested an appeal was likely.
Holbert and Reese were arrested while trying to enter Nicaragua from Costa Rica in 2010.
That year, the bodies of four adults and one child were found buried on the property of a hostel that Holbert owned.
Holbert killed a U.S. citizen named Mike Brown, his wife and young son in 2007. Authorities have said Brown may have been living under an alias and they don't know where he was from. In 2010, Holbert killed Cheryl Lynn Hughes, a native of St. Louis, Missouri, who ran a small hotel in Panama, and Bo Icelar, former owner of a gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Holbert had left North Carolina after he went through a divorce to a previous wife, sold his landscaping business and filed for bankruptcy. He met Reese in North Carolina.
In Montana, Holbert stole a car and sold it. Back in North Carolina he sold a $200,000 home that he didn't own. Authorities pursued him across a half dozen states that included a high-speed chase in Wyoming.
He and Reese had been living in Panama under the alias Cortez. They were fleeing a Panamanian investigation when they were arrested in Nicaragua.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Footage shows officer standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect
A police officer stands over a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Experts say the powerful video of Alek Minassian's arrest reveals a textbook case of an officer defusing danger through a series of life-and-death choices based on training and a calm mind.
The footage shows an officer who police sources identified as Const. Ken Lam standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect, even as the dead and injured lay along Yonge Street after being struck down by a white rental van.
“This is exactly the type of de-escalation … and response to these types of confrontations that we hope to see,” said Ontario ombudsman Paul Dube.
Lam calmly holstered his service weapon, held up his baton and handcuffed Minassian as he lay on the sidewalk.
“He gave himself the space and time. He assessed the threat and realized he had options other than firing his weapon.”
Dube published a June 2016 report calling for increased police training on defusing dangerous situations after several high-profile deaths of people with mental illnesses who confronted officers.
He said the constable's actions are a sign that police are gaining from training that includes simulations of tense standoffs with people who are emotionally unstable.
Sammy Yatim's death in July 2013 in Toronto — where the mentally ill man was shot multiple times as officers surrounded an empty streetcar he was on — helped prompt reforms.
RELATED: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
In recent years at least one day has been added to Toronto police in-service training on de-escalation and “dealing with people in crisis,” said Mike McCormack, president of the police union in Toronto.
The program is part of a mandatory three-day training for all officers that incorporates crisis communication, de-escalation and containment measures.
“A major component of this training includes a variety of scenarios that are designed to evaluate officer's skills in effectively communicating with people in crisis and those who are suffering from a possible mental disorder,” said an email from the union.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, said Lam's actions were “textbook” examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
RELATED: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' in wake of attack
“That particular situation yesterday, the way in which it went down was nothing short of remarkable,” Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told a news conference Tuesday.
Saunders said he spoke to Lam, and the officer is doing well and thankful for the public's support. Lam told him ”he defaulted to his training,” the chief said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, “I don't care,” and repeatedly instructed him to “Get down.”
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
“There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual,” he said.
“I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt.”
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
“The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at,” said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
“By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm,” he said.
The Canadian Press
THE Byron Bay region is famed for its laid-back lifestyle and beaches, but now it can add the East Coast's best pork to that list.
Byron Bay Pork took out second place in Australian Pork Limited's Steak Your Claim competition, which seeks out Australia's best pork.
The first and third places were awarded to Western Australian pig farmers.
APL's General Manager of Marketing, Peter Haydon said the competition looks for the highest quality product.
"We gave three judges the hard task of assessing the entries, looking for the best overall pork and noting any distinctive characteristics," Mr Haydon said.
"They found the Byron Bay Pork, which had Berkshire marbling and had been fed a special mixed grain diet, was one of the best."
Judges said the pork had a little marbling and good even grain, and when cooked was sweet and tender.
Byron Bay Pork's John Singh said such competitions are important for the business.
"Competitions ...help benchmark us against other products and help develop our brand," Mr Singh said.
"We have about 250 sows and 80 per cent of our pork goes into the Sydney restaurant market, with the remainder sold locally. We've been using Berkshires for a while now, as people discovered that this pork is moist and with a more appealing texture.
"We feed our pigs a specially formulated mix of grains and a bit of macadamia meal, and I think this is what the judges appreciated in our pork."
Winners received prize money and marketing opportunities for their product.
Incarcerated women in Texas have access to fewer educational and vocational programs compared to incarcerated men, a new study finds.
The study, released Tuesday by the local nonprofit Texas Criminal Justice Coalition, is the second of a two-part study that looks into the increasing numbers of incarcerated women.
It found women have access only to an associate's degree plan and certifications for office administration and culinary arts/hospitality management, while men have access to programs ranging from associate's to master's degrees, as well as 21 occupations.
The advocacy group said the report showed the need for more programs for incarcerated women.
“The opportunities for women are going to be very different than if they had the opportunity to get an advanced degree while they were there,” Lindsey Linder, an attorney with TCJC, said. “It's increasing the likelihood that these women aren't going to be successful once released, and [success] should be the goal of incarceration."
Fifty-four percent of the more than 430 women who participated in the study also said they didn't have adequate access to hygiene items such as tampons and sanitary napkins. Thirty-four percent of those women also said the Texas Department of Criminal Justice denied requested medical services.
“One of the women ... said, ‘It makes you feel less than human – much less like a woman,'” Linder said. “That's so heartbreaking, and we have to do better by the women in the system.”
Tanya Hale, who served three and a half years in prison after failing to pay parole fees, said she agrees medical care is poor. While serving her six-year sentence, she said, she was diagnosed with Stage 2 breast cancer. She said she wasn't given adequate chemotherapy and medication during her treatment.
“A lot of what I'm going through now could have possibly been corrected if I had gotten the right medical treatment from the beginning,” Hale said.
Hale was granted medical reprieve and released in 2016. She now has Stage 4 cancer.
The report also highlighted barriers to communication with loved ones. Eighty-one percent of women in Texas prisons are mothers. Of those surveyed, 49 percent said they never saw their children while incarcerated, partially due to the cost of phone calls and the cancellation of face-to-face visitations in some facilities.
Linder said the state also must address low education levels and the lack of stable housing for former inmates to decrease the chance of reincarnation.
“I think it's so important to address those drivers while we have them in the system,” she said.
Among other things, the TCJC report called for lawmakers invest in program that address women's unique needs According to the study, Texas saw a more than 900 percent increase in incarcerated women from 1980 to 2016.
While you await Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's big day (which is exactly two months from today), feast your royal appetite on the royal wedding that took place in Peru this weekend. Prince Christian of Hanover (son of Ernst August, Prince of Hanover, and second in line to the throne), and Alessandra de Osma (lawyer and former model), tied the knot in Lima on Friday, March 16.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Christian, 32, and de Osma, 25, first met in 2005, when she served as his tour guide during one of his visits to Peru, her native country. But they didn't start dating until years later. Their first appearance as a couple was in 2011, Hola reports. They were engaged in April 2017, according to PopSugar. This marked the second wedding for the couple; they first said "I do" in a civil ceremony in London in November.
Getty Images
This weekend's ceremony took place at San Pedro church, a 17th century baroque structure in downtown Lima, the Peruvian Times reports. The streets were closed off and baskets of flowers hung from the lampposts. Well wishers gathered at the gates to watch the procession.
De Osma wore a white lace gown by Jorge Vázquez with a high neckline, and three-quarter-length sleeves. She walked down the aisle with her father, Felipe de Osma, who is an executive at Hermes, a Peruvian cash management firm, according to Daily Mail. Prince Christian's half-sister Princess Alexandra of Hanover, who wore a pink and black minidress, helped carry the bride's massive train.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Alessandra's never-ending veil was topped off with the Hanover Floral Tiara, which was previously worn by Princess Caroline of Hanover (formerly Princess Caroline of Monaco) at a gala in 2004, and Ekaterina Malysheva (Prince Ernst August Jr. of Hanover's wife and de Osma's sister-in-law) at her own wedding in 2017, Hello reports.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The groom, on the other hand, arrived with his mother, Chantal Hochuli, who donned a bright pink dress and matching cropped jacket. The prince dressed up in a tux with a dotted blue tie for his big day.
Getty Images
The prince's father, Prince Ernst August of Hanover, was also present. He and Hochuli divorced in 1997, two years before he wed Princess Caroline of Monaco (Grace Kelly's daughter), with whom he is now estranged.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In addition to the bride and groom's high-profile family members, other celebrities were also in attendance, wearing vibrant prints and florals fit for the sunny ceremony. Kate Moss and her boyfriend, Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, who she's been dating for about two years, made an appearance.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Members of the British royal family were present, too. Princess Eugenie (who's having her own royal wedding this fall) and Princess Beatrice were also seen at the event.
Getty Images
Prince Christian and Alessandra's wedding celebrations lasted for three days, the Peruvian Times reports. The fête kicked off on Thursday with cocktails at Astrid y Gastón restaurant, located at the colonial Moyera house in Lima's San Isidro district. The partying ended on Saturday, after a celebration at Museo de Osma in Barranco, a museum of Peruvian art that originated as a summer home for the de Osma family.
Congratulations to the happy couple!
What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Courtney Act has been crowned the winner of Celebrity Big Brother 2018.
The drag queen, also known as Shane Jenek , beat former MP Ann Widdecombe as she stormed to victory with 49 per cent of the vote.
Her win won't come as much of a surprise to her dedicated fans and the bookies, who was favourite to win the series tonight.
Meanwhile Shane Lynch , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep came third, fourth and fifth, respectively.
This year Courtney, who also appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race and Australian Idol, charmed viewers with her wit and brilliant way of arguing about LGBT issues.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Speaking to host Emma Willis, Courtney was almost speechless.
She said: "I don't know what this means is it real life? This is amazing."
Courtney described everything feeling very "surreal right now".
"It's amazing to think that the public chose me - I guess it's validation in the things that I believe in," she said.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: WireImage)
They also delved into her bromance with Apprentice star with Andrew Brady.
When asked how much of a crush she had on him, she quipped: "As much as he wants!"
But she was quick to add: "The thing I love about Andrew is that he's so comfortable with everything and everyone... not caring about what anyone in the house thinks... I love and respect him."
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
Courtney added: "The thing that I really did respect was that we both had that understanding."
Excited fans flocked to Twitter about the result, and were ecstatic that Courtney won the Channel 5 reality TV show.
One viewer tweeted: "Such a deserving winner. Courtney has been a pure inspirational soul, not using anger or hate to voice her opinions - but has managed to educate, inspire and win over the UK nation. The year of the woman just couldn't get any better #CBB."
While another commented: "YES SHE DID IT WE LOVE ONE CBB WINNER !!!! #CBBCourtney #CBB."
A third remarked: "I'm so proud of you @courtneyact Done herself proud and educated the public (and housemates) on so many issues! I love her ❤️ #CBB."
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
A note from the editors: We're pleased to share an excerpt from Chapter 2 (“Using Webfonts") of Bram Stein 's new book, Webfont Handbook , available now from A Book Apart .
Now that you've selected a font, let's put it on your website. Webfonts are defined in CSS through the @font-face rule. If you're a web developer, you've most likely written, copied and pasted, or at the very least seen an @font-face rule. For the sake of completeness, though, let's quickly run through a basic example:
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena-regular.woff); }
Article Continues Below
This creates a new webfont family that can be referenced through the font-family or font shorthand property. But something's missing here. When referencing a webfont in a font stack, always make sure to include at least one fallback font in case the webfont fails to load. Here, if Elena fails to load, the browser will fall back on the generic serif font family:
p { font-family: Elena, serif; }
We'll talk more about fallback fonts and how they can be used to make your site appear to load faster in Chapter 3. For now, let's keep our fallback stack simple by including only the generic serif and sans-serif font families.
Font Families
Creating a font family with multiple styles is accomplished by creating an @font-face rule for each style and using the same font-family name. The following @font-face rules create a family with a normal and bold style:
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena-regular.woff); font-weight: normal; } @font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena-bold.woff); font-weight: bold; }
You can use this font family in your CSS by referencing the family name and weight in your selectors. This applies the regular style to paragraphs and the bold style to strong paragraphs:
p { font-family: Elena, serif; } p strong { font-weight: bold; }
Besides font-weight , @font-face also accepts the font-style and font-stretch property descriptors, which define styles such as italic and condensed. All three property descriptors can be used to create a single font family with multiple styles. Theoretically, this lets you create a family containing 243 individual styles (nine font-weight values × three font-style values × nine font-stretch values). In practice, however, you're limited to twenty-seven values, since some browsers don't support font-stretch (Fig 2.1).
Internet Explorer 8 Internet Explorer 9-11 Edge Chrome Firefox Safari Opera Android System No Yes Yes No Yes No Fig 2.1: Browser support for font-stretch at time of writing. (Check caniuse.com for current and version-specific browser support.)
With luck, the remaining browsers will implement the font-stretch property soon, and you will be able to use all 243 font classifications.
Font Formats
The src descriptor tells a browser where to get a font file. The previous examples used a single font format, but you'll often see URLs to multiple font formats combined with format hints, which are appended after the URL using the format("value") syntax. Format hints tell the browser what the format of the font file at a given URL is.
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena-regular.woff2) format("woff2"), url(elena-regular.woff) format("woff"); }
If you list multiple formats, modern browsers will pick the first format they support based on the format hint. Therefore, it's important to list webfont formats in the order of the best compression to least. Even though format hints are optional, always include them—they let the browser know about the format without needing to download the font. For example, if a browser does not support WOFF2, but does support WOFF, it can skip the WOFF2 font file based on the format hint.
Browsers support several webfont formats: OpenType (TrueType), EOT, WOFF, and WOFF2. Some browsers also support SVG fonts, but they're deprecated and should no longer be used (and should not be confused with the new OpenType-SVG format). EOT, WOFF, and WOFF2 are technically not font formats. They are compressed OpenType files with varying degrees of compression. WOFF2 offers the best compression, followed by WOFF and EOT (Fig 2.2).
Format Internet Explorer 8 Internet Explorer 9-11 Edge Chrome Firefox Safari Opera Android System WOFF2 No No Yes Yes Yes No WOFF No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes OpenType No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes EOT Yes Yes No No No No No No Fig 2.2: Browser support for font formats at the time of writing. Look for up-to-date and version-specific browser support for font formats at caniuse.com.
In researching coverage for all browsers, you may have come across something called the bulletproof @font-face syntax by Fontspring. The bulletproof syntax uses EOT, WOFF2, WOFF, raw OpenType, and SVG font files for maximum browser coverage:
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena.eot?#iefix) format("embedded-opentype"), url(elena.woff2) format("woff2"), url(elena.woff) format("woff"), url(elena.otf) format("opentype"), url(elena.svg#elena) format("svg"); }
The first URL line might look a little odd to you. Versions of Internet Explorer 8 and below do not support the syntax for multiple font formats, and treat the entire value of the src property as the URL. The bulletproof syntax tricks Internet Explorer 8 and below into thinking that the remaining URLs are part of the fragment identifier of the first URL. Because fragment identifiers are ignored when downloading files, Internet Explorer 8 and below simply use the first URL. Browsers other than Internet Explorer will skip the line because they do not support EOT. The rest of the entries are what you would expect: font formats listed in order of preference.
But is the bulletproof syntax still relevant? No. In fact, I think it's harmful. SVG fonts are deprecated and only supported by browsers that are no longer in use. Most websites support Internet Explorer 9 and up, yet the syntax lists EOT as the first preferred font format. Even though Internet Explorer 9 and up support WOFF, those versions will still download the EOT file, simply because it is listed first.
Because most websites no longer support old browsers, I highly recommend using a simplified syntax. This simplified syntax covers all modern browsers, as well as slightly older ones that are still in active use, such as Android 4.4 and earlier:
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena.woff2) format("woff2"), url(elena.woff) format("woff"), url(elena.otf) format("opentype"); }
Even though older Android versions are still used, worldwide reliance on these browsers is rapidly dwindling. Soon you will probably be able to drop the raw OpenType format as well, and simplify the syntax even further:
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: url(elena.woff2) format("woff2"), url(elena.woff) format("woff"); }
In this case, someone running an older browser will simply see your fallback fonts instead of the webfont. That's fine; they can still read the content in the fallback font. (More on fallback fonts later.)
There's another possible value for the src descriptor. The local function takes the name of a local font family. If the font happens to be installed on the system, the browser will use that instead, thereby avoiding an extra download.
@font-face { font-family: Elena; src: local("Elena"), url(elena-regular.woff2) format("woff2"), url(elena-regular.woff) format("woff"); }
While this may seem like a great optimization, nothing guarantees that the local font matches your webfont. You may get a different version of the font, a font with different language support, or even an entirely different font. For that reason, I usually recommend not using the local function unless you find these downsides acceptable.
Want to read more?
This excerpt from Webfont Handbook will help you get started. Order the full copy today, as well as other excellent titles from A Book Apart.
Further reading about Typography & Web Fonts User Interfaces for Variable Fonts give us a new, wide open typographic space with which to work. Accessibility Whack-A-Mole Eleanor Ratliff reflects on what happens when a design solution over here creates a new problem over there.
About the Author Also from this author Webfont Handbook by Bram Stein There's more to choosing a webfont than aesthetics—rendering, language support, hosting, and licensing are equally crucial to communicating your message. Think of webfonts as progressive enhancement, and learn how to harness CSS and browser features to improve performance. From selection to optimization, Bram Stein's primer shows you how webfonts can make the web a more visually diverse, efficient, and readable environment. ➝ Buy now
Get our latest articles in your inbox. Sign up for email alerts.
Couple who have Down's Syndrome have a magical wedding day
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Mum's horror as baby is taken to HOSPITAL after b
Five interesting facts about the new £1 coin
Will Max come regret his latest decision in Easte
DJ remixes a shocking quote about Down syndrome i
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple who both have Down's Syndrome have shared pictures of their dream wedding day - telling people "the greatest thing is to love and be loved in return".
Polly and Joe fell in love eight years ago when they were both at college in Sussex and poured their hearts into planning their perfect day.
They were surrounded by 200 family and friends when they tied the knot in May and have now shared the magical pictures in the hope of inspiring others with disabilities.
The wedding a 'festival' theme as well as other spectacular touches including a unicorn throne and singing waiters.
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
Polly told Rocknroll Bride : "It would be wonderful if our story could touch the lives of others struggling to cope with any kind of disability or inequality.
"The greatest thing is to love and be loved in return.
"Our favourite parts of the day were saying I do, exchanging rings and dancing to Labyrinth', Polly, who wore a white gown patterned with lilac detailing along with a long white veil.
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
(Photo: Leela Bennett Photography)
"We also love that so many people came to celebrate with us."
"My advice to other couples, especially to young adults with special needs, is to live the dream, believe in yourselves and that anything can be possible."
The big day also included a plant and flower stall and Ratpack-themed music.
Perhaps the biggest talking point, however, was a white unicorn throne where the newly-married couple posed for pictures by Leela Bennett Photography .
See the full video of the wedding highlights by Georgia Furness Films here .
After HC nods for DDCA polls, COA intervention raises eyebrows in BCCI circle
New Delhi, Jul 4 (PTI) The BCCI has reacted sharply to Committee of Administrators chief Vinod Rai's assertion that the recently-held Delhi and Districts Cricket Association (DDCA) elections could be annulled, saying that the COA's attempts at stopping the polls have already been rejected by the Delhi High Court.
Senior journalist Rajat Sharma and his panel, which had the backing of former DDCA President Arun Jaitley, won by an overwhelming majority defeating Madan Lal panel, which was being backed by acting BCCI president CK Khanna.
"If Rai is questioning the DDCA polls, then he is in turn questioning Delhi High Court's order. On June 26, the Delhi High Court vacation bench of Justices Vinod Goel and Rekha Palli found no merit in the petition moved by DDCA member Ravi Mehra to put the elections on hold till BCCI constitution is finalised.
"That day, the COA lawyer was also present. The bench had categorically said that they cannot stop the elections at this hour," a senior BCCI official told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
The DDCA was the first association to go to polls under the supervision of High Court appointed administrator Justice (Retd) Vikramajit Sen, who abolished the age-old proxy voting system, considered to be a root cause of corruption.
However, it is learnt that the COA is of the opinion that the election is not fully Lodha recommendations-compliant even though it was the Delhi High Court, which had instructed Justice Sen to conduct the elections by June 30.
The bone of contention here is about some of the candidates like Rakesh Bansal (vice-president and younger brother of tainted former president Sneh Bansal), Rajan Manchanda (joint secretary and younger brother of former treasurer Ravinder), Renu Khanna (woman director and wife of former office bearer Anil Khanna) to name a few.
While Justice Sen or Rai declined to comment, a DDCA official, privy to the development said that COA always wanted the elections to be put on hold but it was never in the hands of the DDCA administrator.
"Justice Sen was appointed by the Delhi High Court. It is the court that told him to go ahead and finish the election process by June 30. He did exactly that. It was not his prerogative to demand an exemption," a senior DDCA official said.
"The COA could have moved a plea just after May 14 when High Court had passed the verdict about election date. No one would believe that Rai, who is never shy of sending a mail to stop of a BCCI SGM couldn't have approached High Court," he added.
The COA, in one of its guidelines, issued for state units had also said that any state units, which are going into elections, will be continued to be governed by the administrator till the new BCCI constitution is formally adopted.
However, it is reliably learnt that Justice Sen had made it clear that once there is a democratically elected body, he will hand over the reins and leave.
Accordingly, on July 2, Justice Sen formally handed over the charge to Sharma and left the DDCA premises
SK Exclusive: WWE at odds with a major partner
WWE appears to be unhappy with toy maker Mattel.
@billibhatti by Billi Bhatti News 15 Aug 2017, 01:37 IST
Naomi's belt is at the heart of a dispute between WWE and Mattel
What's the story?
As reported by The Dirty Sheets via our "DS Breaking News" show on YouTube and iTunes, the WWE is said to be frustrated with toy manufacturer Mattel — one of their major partners.
You can watch the video by clicking the YouTube link, below.
In case you didn't know...
The WWE partnered up Mattel in 2009, one year after transitioning to a PG rating.
The heart of the matter
The issue between the WWE and Mattel stems from the fact that it takes Mattel around 10 months to fulfil a product order. The issue apparently began when Mattel was unable to deliver an AJ Styles figure until October 2016, despite huge demand. More recently, the WWE wanted a Goldberg figure in time for WrestleMania season, but the figure won't be available until October 2017.
The latest issue, which has now even come to the attention of WWE higher ups, centres around the new WWE SmackDown Women's Championship. The WWE is planning to keep Naomi as Champion for the remainder of 2017, but the company was hoping to have the new belts on sale by Christmas and for WrestleMania season. However, Mattel has informed the WWE that the belts will definitely not be available by Christmas.
What's next?
Naomi will be defending her SmackDown Women's Championship against Natalya at SummerSlam. She is expected to come through with her title in tow and remain Champion throughout 2017.
Author's take
Naomi was set to face Charlotte at SummerSlam, but plans were changed at the last minute, leading to Natalya receiving a title match. Tamina is likely to follow Natalya with the Charlotte match being held off until 2018. The WWE is placing a heavy emphasis on the Women's Division, but money talks and we're apparently in a holding pattern because of a toy for children.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An investigation has been launched after a mum claimed she was 'refused a table at a Frankie and Benny's restaurant because she asked for somewhere to breastfeed her baby'.
Harriet Bailey, 27, and husband Paul Hayes-Jones, 34, were shopping with seven-week-old Joshua in Southampton on Saturday when they decided to go to the American Italian chain.
They went into a nearly-empty restaurant in Leisure World retail park and were offered a seat after telling the manager they did not have a booking.
But after asking for a table in a corner so Harriet could breastfeed discreetly, they say the manager's attitude changed.
The couple claim he told them the only place they could sit was at the bar.
The mum-of-two was horrified when she saw two other walk-in customers being seated at a table and said she was being discriminated against.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Harriet said: "There were only about five tables being used. The manager asked if we had booked a table and we said 'no'.
"He said it wasn't a problem, but when my husband asked if we could have a corner table so I could breastfeed his attitude completely changed.
"The manager said they were fully booked, and lead us to a seat at the bar. There was no way we were going to sit there, so my husband and I left."
Shocked and upset by her experience, Harriet fought back tears - but after stepping outside to calm down, decided to go back in and take down the manager's name so she could make a formal complaint.
She added: "I went back in and two men were there. The manager asked them if they had booked a table and they said no. They hadn't booked but he seated them anyway. I was so angry.
"When the manager came back, I asked him what his name was and he just grinned at me and said 'thank you, bye,' after telling me his name. He was laughing at me."
Husband Paul, a Warrant Officer Class 2, in the Royal logistics Corp, said he was outraged and when the couple got home to Upavon, Wiltshire, Harriet contacted the food chain.
"Unless they were expecting about 150 people by 5.30pm, I don't think they were fully booked," she said. I can't see any other plausible explanation for why we couldn't have a table.
"It wasn't as if they were busy, we didn't look scruffy - there were no other reasons we could have been turned away."
(Image: SWNS.com)
When Harriet was nursing her eldest child, Poppy, aged nine, she was shocked at attitudes towards breastfeeding in public.
Nearly a decade ago, one shopper even told her to go into a toilet to feed the baby as she sat in the food hall of a shopping centre - but Harriet refused.
Harriet said: "It's illegal to ban breastfeeding, it's the same as saying you can't come in if you're in a wheelchair.
"It makes you feel isolated - in the first couple of months after having a baby you feel really vulnerable.
"You walk through a shopping centre and there's lingerie shops, but my breasts weren't made to look sexy in lacy underwear - they were made to feed my baby.
"The other option was to go and sit in a toilet - you don't want to be touching the handles, then touching your breasts or the baby, it's not hygienic."
She added: "A newborn baby is not like a toddler, you can't just explain to them that they need to wait sometimes if they are hungry.
"Not to feed my baby would be neglecting him. But that reaction makes it feel like you are doing something obscene."
A spokesman for Frankie and Benny's said: "We strive to offer customers a fun, family-friendly experience, and a welcoming environment for any mums wishing to breastfeed at our restaurants.
"We are investigating the situation that took place."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Are you a competition king or queen? Does nothing make you happier than getting stuck into a conundrum and making your brain tick?
If this is the case, then this role in Bristol may be just up your street. And you could earn up to £300 a week to boot.
An opportunity is being advertised by 20 Cogs on Fish4jobs for people who want to work from home in their spare time, by completing competitions, offers and surveys.
How much is earned is up to the individual, but there is the potential for those interested to net up to £300 a week.
A number of offers are available to choose from, which pay anywhere between £1 and £40 per completed offer. How it works is simple, complete the tasks, follow the instructions and in return get reward with money.
Pay-outs are made straight into a bank account via BACS. Thousands of pounds is paid out to people by 20 Cogs each week.
People signing up will also get a £5 welcome bonus. And those interested can see what other members are earning on the weekly leader board.
The opportunity is home based and offers flexible hours. What's not to like? Find out more about this role and apply here.
"I think I've demonstrated integrity for three decades of public life," he said.
Smith and Leal also clashed on a couple of other occasions in the evening, notably when Smith listed his qualifications and accomplishments: he has an MBA, for example, and he said that nobody has done more to contribute effort and money toward bettering the community.
Then Leal listed some of his own accomplishments over four terms as MPP: his government partnered to help build Peterborough Regional Health Centre, for example, and to bring the new trade school to Fleming College.
They also brought the GO bus to Peterborough and extended Highway 407 to the city, he noted, all on his watch.
But when asked about how they would decrease the cost of electricity, Leal said the Liberal government inherited a hydro system that lacked capacity "after two decades of neglect" and the Liberal government spent $50 billion on upgrading the system, he said, to avoid a future blackout as extensive as the one in 2003.
"It had to be paid for," he said.
But Smith said his party would immediately reduce bills by 12 per cent by turning the dividend the government receives from Hydro One back to ratepayers.
Conway suggested his party would take a different approach: they'd buy back the distribution system of Hydro One and keep it in public hands, he said..
"Electricity's not a luxury – so why's it priced as one?" he asked, using the same words Horwath did when she visited Peterborough recently.
Meanwhile Broughton said the true reason electricity costs so much is that the provincial government has been intent on refurbishing ageing nuclear plants at great expense.
"We think Ontario has to get over its addiction to nuclear power," she said.
The next debate is on Thursday at 6 p.m. at the McDonnel Street Activity Centre. The election is June 7.
The HC's remarks came when a woman, against whose house the petitioner sought action, urged its intervention, alleging she was being harassed by the petitioner and two advocates. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Monday grilled a man for targeting a particular property in the name of alleged illegal construction, saying it will take action against frivolous public interest litigation (PILs).
The court questioned the petitioner, who claimed to be a social activist and was not personally present at the hearing, and his counsel over how many petitions they have filed in public interest. However, it did not get any response from the counsel. The court's observation came when a woman, against whose house the petitioner has sought action, urged the court's intervention alleging that she was being harassed by the petitioner and two advocates.
“We will take action and send it to the bar council if the process of public interest litigation is abused and if frivolous PILs are filed,” a bench of acting justice Gita Mittal and justice C. Hari Shankar said. It questioned the petitioner's counsel for targeting a property in Lajpat Nagar in south Delhi even though he resides near east Delhi's Laxmi Nagar, where there are huge illegal constructions.
“You did not notice any illegal construction in the trans-Yamuna area or you just closed your eyes and decided to directly move to south Delhi area?” the bench asked. When the municipal authority told the bench that it was going to demolish the unauthorized portion of the property, the bench asked it to maintain status quo on it and directed the petitioner to be present before the court on 13 December, the next date of hearing.
WWE News: No. 1 Contender Battle Royal on SmackDown Live next week
Wait, what just happened?
@JamesJVaccaro by Jamie Vaccaro News 15 Feb 2017, 14:29 IST
Smackdown! Live to host battle royal next week.
What's the story?
On Talking Smack on Tuesday night, Daniel Bryan announced that there would be a Battle Royal next week on Smackdown Live. The winner of that Battle Royal will face Bray Wyatt at WrestleMania 33 for the WWE Championship.
In case you didn't know...
On Tuesday's episode of SmackDown, Randy Orton announced that he would not challenge Bray Wyatt at WrestleMania for the WWE Championship as long as Bray is the Champion and the master, and as long as Orton is the servant.
The heart of the matter
Daniel Bryan had a back-and-forth exchange with Renee Young on the set of Talking Smack on Tuesday night. He jokingly blamed Renee for the situation that they were in at the moment, as Renee had said that the WrestleMania main event was set in stone on Talking Smack following the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view.
When she said that, Bryan cautioned her to calm down and said that there were still seven weeks until WrestleMania and a lot could change between then and the Showcase of the Immortals. At the time, he was likely referring to John Cena's guaranteed rematch for the WWE Championship.
However, Randy Orton pulled out a shocker on Smackdown! Live tonight, as he further pledged his allegiance to the Eater of Worlds before kneeling in respect to his, “master.”
What's next?
The Battle Royal will take place on the February 21st edition of Smackdown Live and will determine the new number one contender for Bray Wyatt's WWE Championship at WrestleMania 33 in Orlando, Florida.
Sportskeeda's take
Well, that was completely unexpected. We're not sure if anyone thought that Orton would relinquish his WWE Championship opportunity because of his devotion to Bray and the Wyatt Family.
At this point, we have many more questions than we have answers. Who will participate in the Battle Rroyal next Tuesday night? Will Orton and Wyatt watch the match closely to kind of pick and choose Bray's opponent for WrestleMania 33? Is Luke Harper going to be in the match?
That would certainly be an interesting outcome, to see Luke Harper go from follower to having a competitive match with Randy Orton at Elimination Chamber, to a main event match at WrestleMania.
Nobody knows for sure what the outcome will be, but Smackdown Live has done it again, as it pertains to building up the next episode through Talking Smack. We can't wait to see what happens.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Venezuela's Ruling Socialists Sweep Mayoral Races Amid Opposition Boycott
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The ruling party of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has won more than 90 percent of the country's mayoral races, after the opposition boycotted the election. Maduro said parties that sat out Sunday's vote will be barred from next year's presidential election.
Maduro's United Socialist Party of Venezuela won more than 300 of the 335 mayoral offices.
"We have obtained a big victory!" Maduro said in a speech in the capital's Bolívar Plaza late Sunday. "A popular, democratic, free, sovereign victory of an independent country!"
"The imperialists have tried to set fire to Venezuela to take our riches," Maduro said.
"We've defeated the American imperialists with our votes, our ideas, truths, reason and popular will," he told the crowd, which chanted, "Go Home, Donald Trump."
About half of eligible voters cast ballots in Sunday's races.
After casting his ballot, Maduro announced: "A party that has not participated today cannot participate anymore."
"They will disappear from the political map," he said of the opposition parties that boycotted Sunday's vote.
After the opposition unexpectedly lost most of the regional races in October, it cried foul. An alliance of parties have labeled Maduro a dictator and refused to participate in the mayoral races.
As The Associated Press reports:
"The elections played out as Venezuelans struggle with triple-digit inflation, shortages of food and medicine, and charges that Maduro's government has undermined democracy by imprisoning dissidents and usurping the powers of the opposition-controlled National Assembly. "... The struggles have caused the president's approval rating to plunge, although the opposition has been largely unable to capitalize on Maduro's unpopularity."
In July, Maduro called a referendum on rewriting the country's constitution to give him near-dictatorial powers. The referendum easily passed despite an unofficial vote held earlier by the opposition that overwhelmingly rejected the changes. Washington responded to the vote with a new round of sanctions on Maduro, freezing his U.S. assets and prohibiting U.S. citizens from having any dealings with him.
MONTREAL — The self-styled Prince of Pot has pleaded guilty to trafficking cannabis and will pay a $5,000 fine.
The charge against Marc Emery stemmed from the opening of Cannabis Culture boutiques in Montreal in December 2016.
Two other charges of possession and conspiracy were dropped.
The prosecution says it's an appropriate sentence that was negotiated over months.
LONDON — Mulberry Group saw sales and profits climb in fiscal 2016-17 following a series of changes aimed at cozying up to customers, working more efficiently and clarifying its digital sales and marketing pitch in the Far East.
Why do so many figures on the left who are against Syria intervention in principle always go along with the empire's claims that Assad has committed a chemical attack? It may be a strategy for getting themselves accepted in mainstream circles, since the very idea of false flags is considered a "conspiracy theory" that's too taboo to discuss.Yet any honest research into the situation in Syria gives us ample evidence that the conspiracy theorists are right. In April, seventeen witnesses to the alleged chemical attack from earlier that month testified they hadn't been attacked with sarin.Additionally, the White Helmets have shown in their own clips and photographs that while handling victims of the "chemical attack," they didn't use any of the necessary gear for protecting themselves from sarin exposure.The case for Assad's guilt, meanwhile, so far rests only on dubious statements from Western institutions and leaders, and from the very big logical stretch that Assad had a good strategic reason to gas civilians in his own territory while he was already winning the war. So has been roughly the case for the supposed chemical attacks from Assad in 2017, 2014, and 2013:But the existence of the war machine requires that the official narrative is believed, so dissent has been marginalized as much as possible.It's debatable whether progressive figures like Bernie Sanders deserve condemnation for going along with the Syria narrative, since Tulsi Gabbard's public profile was severely damaged by establishment propaganda last year when she questioned Assad's guilt. But even when these figures accompany their denunciations of Assad's supposed crimes with criticisms of U.S. intervention, they're ultimately bringing us closer to a Syrian regime change war, and thus closer to a U.S.-Russia confrontation. As the journalist Eva Bartlett recently said in an interview with MintPress News, "You can't say that you're an anti-interventionist and yet support the dubious claims that you have to know will lead to intervention. It's reckless."George Monbiot of The Guardian has been going on a strangely aggressive campaign to denounce whoever questions the Syria narratives-a pattern of disingenuous journalistic behavior that The Guardian has reflected in many other instances.In April, The Intercept's Mehdi Hasan published a very factually one-sided column which attacked "Assad apologists" who ignored the evidence that "your hero" had committed a gas attack. This followed an oddly biased piece The Intercept ran last year titled Why White Nationalists Love Bashar Al-Assad, which essentially tried to associate opposition to Syrian regime change with neo-Nazism.It's a toxic environment within journalism that discourages the genuine pursuit of the truth. And we need to not be intimidated by it.Don't be bullied into accepting the very transparent lies we're being told about Syria. Speak the truth loudly and unapologetically, because this is how we can prevent the catastrophe this is all leading to.
For Kitchener, that means taming 41-goal forward Isaac Ratcliffe, peppering goalie Anthony Popovich with shots and taking advantage of a relatively young and inexperienced Storm defence.
Another key will be keeping Guelph's sneaky scoring prowess in check as the club had 10 players hit double digits in goals during the regular season.
"They're the kind of team that can get scoring from any line," said McKee. "You have to be aware every time you're on the ice."
For Guelph, it's all about little victories.
"As the coach of the team that is probably not expected to be successful, I think we have to find small things throughout the series … to feel good about ourselves and create some doubt," said Burnett.
The Storm is simply at a different stage of development than the veteran-laden Rangers. And while Guelph is pegged to peak next season, upsetting their Midwest Division rival is at the forefront right now.
To do that, they'll need to grind out games and pick their moments.
"It would be foolish for us to get into a track meet with them and be trading opportunities," said Burnett, who is also the team's general manager. "They have a number of elite and established forwards and defencemen. We're not in a situation where we have that experience, so that's something we'll have to deal with."
Kitchener didn't exactly finish strong. The team dropped its final three tilts while sitting some key players. But the Rangers will be well rested by the time the puck drops in Game 1 Friday at the Aud.
It's a busy week ahead.
Besides regular practices, the lads have a team-building exercise and dinner planned and tons of game videos to dissect.
And you can bet that Guelph's two recent victories over the Rangers will be among the highlights.
"I think they gave us a dose of reality that they are a team that is not going to roll over," said McKee. "I would be shocked and disappointed if any of the guys in our dressing room are overconfident."
jbrown@therecord.com, Twitter: @BrownRecord
jbrown@therecord.com , Twitter: @BrownRecord
WWE Rumors: Kelly Kelly has signed a deal to return to the WWE
Another familiar face appears to be making a return to the WWE women's division.
by Jeremy Bennett News 15 Feb 2017, 06:05 IST
Could we be seeing one of the WWE Universe's favorite women return in 2017?
What's the story?
According to Reddit user rickmears808, Sean Mears is reporting that Kelly Kelly has signed a three-year WWE contract and will be reporting to the Performance Center next week. The plan is to have her make a return to the company on television this summer.
In case you didn't know...
Kelly Kelly made her WWE debut in 2006 as an exhibitionist doing strip teases on Vince McMahon's revival of ECW. She would begin wrestling after being drafted to Monday Night Raw in 2008. More recently she starred in the reality show WAGS under her real name Barbie Blank.
The heart of the matter...
Kelly Kelly was backstage at Monday Night Raw this week, and a video was posted where she was talking about signing at WWE Axxess during WrestleMania weekend this year, along with a tease that she might be involved in the WrestleMania show itself.
What's next?
If the rumor is true, expect to see proof of Kelly Kelly arriving in Orlando to get back into her wrestling avatar at the Performance Center very soon. It appears that WWE isn't keeping it too much of a secret considering the video was posted by them from this week's Raw.
Sportskeeda's Take
Kelly Kelly wasn't experienced in the ring when she was hired, but that was what the WWE was doing at the time. She made some great strides towards the end of her first run in the ring, so it is good to hear that she wants to be back with the company during the height of the Women's Revolution in the company.
Now that the division is taken seriously and is even at the main event level of Raw or Smackdown Live, and even pay per views, it makes complete sense that there are women returning like Mickie James and Kelly Kelly.
The division was such an afterthought back then, and now that it is where it should be, more stars from the past would like another run with the company. That is definitely best for business.
BOWLING GREEN, Ohio — Justin Turner scored 20 points, Demajeo Wiggins added 13 and Bowling Green overcame a 19-point first-half deficit to beat Kent State 70-62 on Saturday to sweep the season series against the Golden Flashes.
Rodrick Caldwell scored 12 points and Antwon Lillard 11 for the Falcons (14-9, 5-5 Mid-American Conference), who trailed 31-25 at halftime after shooting 9 of 33 (27.3 per cent) from the field.
BJ Duling's basket with five minutes left in the first half gave Kent State a 29-10 lead. Bowling Green led 54-53 on Turner's jumper with 5:54 left. The lead traded hands until Wiggins's go-ahead dunk sparked an 8-1 run for a 64-57 lead. Kent State closed to 66-62 on Adonis De La Rosa's layup with 1:13 to go before Caldwell sealed it with two free throws.
De La Rosa and Jaylin Walker scored 20 points apiece and Jalen Avery added 11 for Kent State (12-11, 6-4), which saw its three-game win streak end.
Walmart and DoorDash are teaming up to help expand the retailer's online grocery delivery option beginning with the Atlanta metro area. DoorDash and Walmart says they will broaden their work together in more markets in the coming months as Walmart expands to reach more than 40 percent of U.S. households with delivery by the end of the year.
“We're connecting all the parts of our business to create a shopping experience like no one else can. With the expansion of our online grocery delivery program, customers can have great items at everyday low prices delivered to their door with the click of a button,” said Greg Foran, president and CEO, Walmart U.S. “With the help of DoorDash, we're delivering the best of Walmart to customers in Atlanta and beyond.”
DoorDash, along with Walmart's team of more than 18,000 personal shoppers, will bring delivery to thousands of customers in Atlanta. Personal shoppers must complete a three-week training program learning how to select the freshest produce and the best cuts of meat for online grocery customers, the retailer says.
“Our work with Walmart marks DoorDash's official launch beyond restaurant delivery,” said DoorDash's COO, Christopher Payne. “We look forward to expanding across the country, enabling Walmart customers everywhere to spend more time doing the things they love.”
To use the delivery service, customers in Atlanta place their orders online at Walmart.com/grocery or on the existing Walmart Grocery App, switch to the “Delivery” tab, and select a delivery window at checkout. After orders have been picked by Walmart's personal shoppers, a DoorDash “Dasher” retrieves the order from a Walmart store and delivers it right to the customer during their specified delivery window.
Groceries can be delivered to customers as soon as the same day. Walmart's online grocery delivery carries a simple $9.95 fee and a $30 minimum order, with no subscription and no price markups.
The retailer also offers an online grocery pickup service that allows customers to order their groceries online and pick them up in stores without ever getting out of their cars. The service now is available in 1,200 stores—nearly 30 of them in Atlanta—with 1,000 more to be added this year.
Keep reading:
Al, Amy, and Matt, owners of Allegheny City Brewing, stopped by The Backyard to share with yinz guys the story of how their brewery came to be. They also brought with them a sample of their hugely popular NEIPA “Beer Named Woo.”
Since we had brewers in the studio, we had to ask them about extending the shelf-life of NEIPAs with this wild theory…
Storing the cans upside down?? Seems odd, doesn't it? But does it work?
“I can't say that that would make a difference,” Al said. “A sealed can wouldn't seem to make sense to store upside down.”
Here's why:
Allegheny City Brewing is located at 507 Foreland Street on the North Side of Pittsburgh. They are closed Monday and Tuesday, but open Wednesday through Sunday.
Click Here to visit their website.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are set to sign defender Jack Hunt from Sheffield Wednesday.
The news broke this evening that the Robins were close to tying up a deal for the right-back who is entering the final year of his contract at the Owls.
Robins fans reacted well to the news that they were poised to sign an attacking full-back.
(Image: Getty)
There were mainly positive reports from Owls fans - although not all were complimentary of the Robins' prospective new player.
NASHVILLE — Abdul Lewis and Anthony Tarke scored 27 each on Saturday and NJIT closed the game with 14 straight points for an 81-77 win over Lipscomb.
Lewis set a career high in points and grabbed 13 rebounds for the Highlanders (12-12, 5-4 Atlantic Sun). Tarke tied a career high and made 5 of 10 from 3-point range.
NJIT trailed 77-67 when Tarke hit a 3-pointer with three minutes left to spark the game-ending run. Lewis fed Shyquan Gibbs for a layup on the next trip down the court and finished his own 3-point play on the next to cut the deficit to two.
Lewis drew a charging call that fouled out Garrison Mathews, Lipscomb's leading scorer, with 1:06 left and he kicked it out to Tarke for the go-ahead 3 that made it 78-77 with 51 seconds left.
New Delhi: The National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on Monday passed an order allowing the Aircel-Reliance Communications merger and also the Brookfield Towers sale to proceed.
According to sources, the tribunal overruled objections of Bharti Infratel, GTL and Ericsson.
The NCLT also allowed Reliance Communications (RCOM) tower arm 51 per cent stake sale to Brookfield for Rs 11,000 crore.
RCOM and Aircel had signed a definitive document for a proposed merger scheme of their respective wireless businesses on September 14, 2016. Subsequently, the two telecom operators moved all the relevant statutory and regulatory bodies for approval of the merger scheme. The Competition Commission of India gave its approval to the merger scheme in February 2017.
The two transactions will bring down RCOM debt by Rs 25,000 crore, or 60 per cent. Sources said the merger scheme before the NCLT-Mumbai Bench will see the final order being passed on September 13, 2017. RCOM's shares were trading at Rs 23.85 per share, up 14.94 per cent in the BSE at 2.30 p.m.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Minnesota was reminded of a valuable lesson on Monday night when Drake had the Golden Gophers on the ropes. When in doubt, get the ball to Jordan Murphy.
Murphy posted his 12th straight double-double to start the season with 24 points and 18 rebounds, and Minnesota held off Drake 68-67.
“He did it with sheer will,” Gophers coach Richard Pitino said. “He just got it done the old-fashioned way.”
Murphy, third in the nation in rebounding, had 14 points and 11 rebounds in the second half alone. Meanwhile, Amir Coffey scored all 16 of his points after the break as Minnesota (9-3) shot 62 percent in the second half to rally from a nine-point deficit.
Advertisement
Ore Arogundade led the Bulldogs (5-5) with 15 points, while Graham Woodward added 15 and De'Antae McMurray 12.
Coming off consecutive double-digit losses at Nebraska and Arkansas that knocked them out of the Top 25, the Gophers came out flat, shooting just 30 percent in the first half as they fell behind by eight early.
“We were playing with the weight of the world on our shoulders,” said Murphy, who made 11 of 14 shots from the floor. “The pressure of winning this game today was something we had in the back of our minds.”
The Gophers missed their first six shots while 3-pointers by Woodward, McMurray and Noah Thomas gave Drake an 11-3 lead. But after a timeout, Murphy scored eight straight points for Minnesota to tie it at 11.
Drake threatened to run away in the second half as McMurray and Thomas hit 3-pointers, and Reed Timmer sank three free throws to build a 41-32 lead. But again, Murphy responded with eight straight points, the final four on monster dunks that energized a crowd that previously hadn't had much to cheer about.
Dupree McBrayer's 3-pointer with nine minutes to play gave Minnesota its first lead, 50-47. His steal and dunk gave the Gophers their largest lead at 61-54.
Woodward, a senior from nearby Edina, Minnesota, hit a pair of free throws and a 3-pointer to cut Minnesota's lead to 64-62 with two minutes to play. Murphy again came through, scoring off an offensive rebound and adding another bucket in the low post.
Minnesota had the ball and a six-point lead twice in the final 30 seconds but almost gave the game away. First McBrayer stepped out of bounds along the sideline. Then after a Drake turnover, Gophers forward Michael Hurt missed the front end of a 1-and-1 with 12 seconds left.
Arogundade drove the lane to score on the other end, and Minnesota turned it over on the inbounds pass. The ball ended up in the hands of Woodward, who hit a 3-pointer, but the clock ran out.
“I think it's better to learn from a win than from a loss,” Murphy said. “It's definitely a learning experience for us.”
BIG PICTURE
Drake: Medved is a Minnesota native and alumnus, having served as a student manager under former Gophers coach Clem Haskins. Returning to Williams Arena in his first year at Drake, his squad certainly gave a team that is presumed to be a Big Ten contender all it could handle.
Minnesota: The Gophers didn't want to head into their 10-day finals break with a bad taste in their mouths. Mission partly accomplished. Minnesota got the win, but in a frustratingly ugly fashion for coach Richard Pitino.
“It was a great wake-up call for us,” Pitino said. “We needed it, as painful as it was. It was like going to the dentist. But we needed that. We found a way to win.
PACE OF PLAY
Minnesota and Drake are both in the top 50 in the nation in scoring, with the Gophers averaging 86.5 points per game and the Bulldogs checking in at 83.1. So what was up with that first half, which ended with Drake leading 28-24?
“Everybody thought this was going to be a high-scoring game, but I thought we did a good job of setting the tempo the way we needed it,” Drake coach Niko Medved said. “We got back in transition on defense, we made them a half-court team, and I think we were able to contain their penetration early and make them a jump-shooting team.”
UP NEXT:
Drake hosts Iowa on Saturday.
Minnesota hosts Oral Roberts on Dec. 21.
AAA Michigan says gas prices statewide have risen by about 7 cents per gallon in the past week.
The Dearborn-based auto club says late Sunday the average price for self-serve regular unleaded gasoline was about $2.49 per gallon. That's about 23 cents more than at the same point last year.
AAA says the lowest average price was about $2.43 per gallon in the Jackson area. The highest was about $2.52 per gallon in the Ann Arbor area.
The Detroit-area's average rose about 3 cents from a week ago to $2.47 per gallon.
AAA Michigan surveys daily fuel prices at 2,800 gas stations across the state.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A restaurant called a would-be diner an "epic tool" and a "moron" after they posted a negative review on TripAdvisor .
It also mocked their clothing following the one-star review.
Bosses at Wallfish Bistro in Bristol responded to reviewer Jeff P after he complained about a "rude" waitress which told his group all tables were booked.
Jeff P left a one-star review - sparking fury from the restaurant who also branded him a "moron".
The party hadn't booked a table for Sunday lunch at the eatery, which is on a site occupied by late TV chef Keith Floyd's bistro in the '70s and '80s.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Jeff P's review said: “We arrived on a Sunday lunchtime.
“Asked the chef if they were open he said yes, we sat at an empty table and waited for the server to arrive.
“When she did, we had that horrible ‘have you booked' conversation… The server was so rude and made us fell (sic) so awkward,” he added.
He then told how diners at a table nearby said they were just leaving and said they were welcome to sit there.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
He added: “But we were just left hanging, not knowing if we could stay or not.
“At no time did she ask us to leave, so we had to ask her if we could eat there or not.
"She just glared at us like we had walked into her home uninvited and made the situation even more awful than it needed to be.
"We will not be returning."
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Wallfish Bistro tweeted a screenshot of the review and slammed Jeff P.
They wrote: "So this epic tool works fast.
“Being open doesn't in any moron's world mean that the only available table is yours to put your horrorshow cagoules on to.
“This was from today. He must have been frothing with anger to move so swift. Liberty just said we were full!”
Last month, Wallfish owners Seldon Curry and Liberty Wenham announced it was closing and put the business up for sale.
Israel Folau has come under fire for recent anti-gay comments.
Israel Folau has come under fire for recent anti-gay comments.
NEW ZEALAND RUGBY have released an anti-discrimination video celebrating diversity as the fallout from Wallabies star Israel Folau's anti-gay comments continues.
Filmed last year and tweeted by the All Blacks on Monday, the video features All Black stars and their female counterparts, the Black Ferns, promoting a message of inclusion with the hashtag #diversityisstrength.
“The next battle is different. The next enemy is truly formidable and deeply devious,” a voiceover says as members of the men's and women's teams line up in a stadium in Japan.
“It is discrimination –- an enemy that cannot be fought alone and must be defeated together. It will take more than 15 -– it will take thousands, millions.”
In the video, fans wave rainbow flags, the players' black jerseys show similar colours when they are stretched and a jet trails multi-coloured streams over the stadium.
It was shot long before Folau's social media comments that God's plan for gay people was hell unless they repent their sins, but will be seen as a timely reinforcement of the response by New Zealand players to the Australian Test back's controversial remarks.
All Blacks backs TJ Perenara and Brad Weber both spoke out in support of the gay community, with coach Steve Hansen saying he was proud of their stance.
Perenara and some of his Waikato Chiefs teammates wore rainbow laces during Saturday's win over the Queensland Reds in Brisbane in the Super Rugby competition.
We are proud to team up with @AIGRugby as we tackle discrimination together! #DiversityIsStrength pic.twitter.com/iOITBOIfx5 — All Blacks (@AllBlacks) April 23, 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
The View: Andre Leon Talley, Caissie Levy
The Talk: Hank Azaria, guest co-hosts Carrie Ann Inaba, Carnie Wilson
Live with Kelly and Ryan: Tituss Burgess, Chris Byrne
Ellen DeGeneres: Kristen Bell, Jamie & Corinne Foxx, Fall Out Boy
Wendy Williams: Janet Mock
Harry: Tom Bergeron (R)
The Real: Father's Day gifts for $20 or less
Steve: Tiffani Thiessen, Ta'Rhonda Jones, Jenni Pulos, Diann Valentine (R)
Access Live: Tom Bergeron, Maxwell Jenkins (R)
News services
News services
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Thanksgiving has come and gone. Black Friday has come and gone. Cyber Monday has come and gone. Travel Deal Tuesday has come and gone. But Christmas, as always, is just around the corner. So just say it like Bruno Mars says it — I'm a dangerous man with some money in my pocket — then seize the shopping spirit of this strange season.
Rarely has a lump of coal felt more appropriate. A sense of doom persists in our divided country so much so that it feels like Shakespeare might shout: a pox on both your houses. These days, everyone has a few relationships going south, many hitting close to home. Given such bad blood, since Christmas challenges even the most dedicated gift giver, this year might be the time to remember that lavishness has limits. Giving to your children must remain sacrosanct, but for the deplorable, why not consider something intended to convey your bitter spite, since clearly, something is rotten in the state of Denmark. With bile in mind, because family arguments bring holiday armaments, here is a guide to second class gifts for the twelve days of Christmas.
1. A Special Book: No one has been more central to making America great again than President Donald J. Trump. In his honor, a perfect gift for the times is The Art of the Deal. It is ranked #1610 in Amazon's Book Listings, or as the President would put it, “Everyone is saying that it is #1.” I recommend the audiobook; listening to this during your commute will either entertain you or provide something even more stressful than sitting in Miami traffic.
2. Shooting Lessons: Certain that we already have too many laws? Can't get enough of domestic violence? Can't get enough of Wynwood? Give a gift of Lock & Load Miami, South Florida's premier machine gun experience and state-of-the-art shooting range. As its website says, it offers the nation's greatest variety of fully automatic firearms with over 25 fully automatic machine guns available for use in packages and a la carte, as if you are going to order weapons from a menu. There is a VIP room for those who also enjoy fund raising events at prisons.
3. A Streaming Subscription: Rarely has the entertainment business offered us so many beacons of inspiration. Whether Louis CK, Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer, Russell Simmons, Jeffrey Tambor, Jeremy Piven or Steven Seagal, offering up a Netflix subscription with a side of Pepto-Bismol should do the trick. All these guys make the Kardashians seem like royalty.
4. Beachfront Property: Prices are high, options few, and quality subpar. Buy now and tell the recipient that insurance is cheap.
5. A Gas Hog: Prices have been relatively consistent since President Obama caused them to rise a few years ago. A perfect gift for the future defaulter in your family would be a used Hummer.
6. Political Activity: For your demonstrating protestor, nothing says good judgement like an Al Franken 2020 bumper sticker.
7. Stocks: Although it may be too late for Kodak, Blockbuster and TWA, though the stock market is at an all-time high, there are a few stocks that numbskulls should consider: Sears and J.C. Penney. Seems like Roebuck was a visionary.
8. Club Membership: For those who can afford it, a gift certificate to Mar-a-Lago will allow you and your compassionate cardiologist friends to pal around with the nouveau aristocrats up the coast a piece to help drain the swamp.
9. Ornaments: This is another presidential suggestion. Given the approval over allowing more imports for the kids, a gift of ivory has never seemed more relevant.
10. Garden Supplies: Weeds. They're low-down, stubborn little rascals. And Roundup understands them like no other. So if you have a weed control problem, you can bet Roundup has a weed control product for it, one that'll get you back to kicking back and enjoying your Christmas.
11. Sports: Dolphins tickets in the upper deck of the end zone.
12. Consumables: Gift cards for the Beverly Hills Grill, the Rascal House, Wolfies, or Westside Bagels.
The two have been allies for the past couple of years. Arpaio campaigned for Trump at rallies in Iowa, Nevada and Arizona, and he gave a speech at the Republican National Convention in which he said Trump would prevent immigrants from coming into the country illegally. Trump has also invoked the former sheriff in his calls for tougher immigration enforcement and has used advocated for tactics that made Arpaio a national figure.
CAIRO — Madiha Yousri, an Egyptian actress known for her iconic, classical romance roles in the heyday of Egypt's cinema in the second half of the 20th century, has died. She was 97.
Yousri suffered age-related health problems and was taken to a Cairo military hospital, where she died late on Tuesday of complications, the state MENA news agency reported.
Hundreds of mourners, including prominent film figures, attended Yousri's funeral on Wednesday at a historic mosque in Cairo's Sayedah Nafeesa district.
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail mourned Yousri's passing and offered condolences to her fans. He lauded the late actress' artistic work, describing her performances as “easy, honest and perfect,” according to a statement issued by his office.
Yousri had more than 90 films to her name, dating back to the 1940s. Her film roles were diverse and engaging, ranging from romantic portrayals in her earlier years to mature roles depicting motherhood.
Some of her famous roles were in films such as “Rassaassa fel kalb,” or “A Bullet in the Heart”; “Ahlaam al-shabaab” or “Youth Dreams”; “Amir Al- Intikam” or “Prince of Revenge” and “Inni Rahela,” or “I Am Leaving.”
She belonged to an era in the Egyptian cinema that critics and entertainers have dubbed its “golden age” — a time roughly stretching from the 1940s to the 1970s.
Yousri also starred in musicals featuring iconic Egyptian singers of the 20th century: Mohamed Abdel-Wahab, Abdel-Halim Hafez, Farid Al-Atrash and Mohamed Fawzy.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Born Hannouma Khalil in 1921, Yousri was married four times. Three of her marriages were to film stars Ahmed Salem, Mohamed Amin and Fawzy. She partnered with both Amin and Fawzy in several movies.
Her fourth husband was Sheikh Salama el-Radi, a Sufi who followed traditions of an ancient form of Islamic mysticism.
Yousri outlived all her husbands. She had two children with Fawzy but they also died years ago.
"They're asking a lot of questions," doubles luge veteran Matt Mortensen said from South Korea on Tuesday. "They're doing the right things and everybody just seems really happy to be putting on this show for the world."
A dry run for the Olympics is essentially going on right now in the Pyeongchang area; cross-country, nordic combined, luge, speed skating, freestyle skiing, snowboarding, ski jumping, figure skating and curling either have held or are currently contesting international events there, and other sports — alpine skiing, nordic skiing, bobsled, skeleton and biathlon included — are will do so in the next few weeks.
"It's kind of surreal thinking that next year is the Olympics and they'll be here," U.S. speed skater Mia Manganello said after she competed in Pyeongchang at the world single distance championships this month. "Hopefully, I'll be able to represent as well."
It's a critical time for athletes, and even more critical for the hosts. These test events, as they're known, are designed to both welcome the world and work out the kinks before the Olympics.
U.S. Olympic Committee sport performance chief Alan Ashley was in South Korea this month, and said he left the venues and villages convinced that Pyeongchang will be — or is — ready.
"These test events are good opportunities to check things out and give us an idea of what to expect for the games," US Skiing Freestyle Program Director Todd Schirman said. "Obviously, the environment a year from now will be different, but every note we can take away ... will help us ensure we have the best plan in place to compete at the highest level in 2018."
For skiers and sliders, the time in South Korea is of particular importance.
Figuring out the lay of the land, the culture, the food, that's all vital to anyone planning to compete in Pyeongchang. But for some sports — figure skating, speed skating, curling, hockey — the field of play won't be much different in South Korea than it will be anywhere else in the world.
In the sports like skiing, bobsled, skeleton and luge, every venue around the world can seem quite different, and figuring out how to attack those courses or tracks is rarely easy. Luge athletes are getting about 25 runs this week on the track at the Alpensia Sliding Center, with hopes of coming up with some sort of game plan to master turns most had never seen until a few days ago.
"Right now, I'm definitely just focused on getting down," two-time world luge champion Erin Hamlin said. "I'm still figuring it out."
KITCHENER — A 33-year-old Kitchener man has been arrested in connection with a sexual assault in McLennan Park on Tuesday night.
Waterloo Regional Police arrested the man on Thursday.
He is charged with sexual assault, criminal harassment and breach-related offences.
Police said a girl was walking in the park at about 6:30 p.m. when she was assaulted by an unknown man. She was able to run away and call police.
JAL was told to deposit ₹1,000 crore with its registry by 15 June to avert liquidation of Jaypee Infratech Ltd. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday suggested Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL), the parent of debt-ridden Jaypee Infratech Ltd (JIL), submit ₹650 crore to prove it is bona fide before the court, after it failed to deposit ₹1,000 crore as directed on 16 May.
However, no formal order was passed to this effect and the apex court asked JAL to seek instructions on the issue.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and justices A.M. Khanwilkar and D.Y. Chandrachud was hearing an application moved by JAL seeking a direction to the National Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad bench, to proceed with its plea on the approval to its master-restructuring agreement (MRA).
The application was part of a batch of public interest petitions filed by homebuyers in various Jaypee Infratech Ltd projects, seeking recovery of their payment made to JIL or delivery of flats.
JAL has signed MRAs with 33 lenders, the apex court was informed.
JAL also sought constitution of a committee under the aegis of a retired Supreme Court judge and comprising lenders of JIL and the amicus curiae for homebuyers.
JAL said in its application that the approval of its revival plan for JIL by this committee would “enable infusion of funds not only for complying with the order of this court, but also for construction of homes and early delivery of the same to the homebuyers who are interested in taking possession of their homes” within 42 months from the date of approval.
The Supreme Court on 16 May had directed JAL to deposit ₹1,000 crore with its registry by 15 June to avert liquidation of its subsidiary, Jaypee Infratech Ltd.
On an earlier occasion, the court directed JAL to deposit ₹2,000 crore to protect the interest of homebuyers. Out of this, only ₹750 crore has been deposited so far.
The case would be next heard on 13 July.
Champion golfer Mark Ashworth added to his long list of successes by winning the Tradesman's Trophy at Clitheroe Golf Club on Saturday with a par-busting round of 66-3-69 net.
An eagle at the par five first holes was followed by a birdie at the second and further birdies at five and six cancelled out an uncharacteristic dropped shot at the relatively short par four on the fourth hole and another at the eighth, a par three.
The back nine was covered in two under par with birdies at 16 and 18 to complete the course with a score of 66, five under par.
Derek Marsh took second place with his round of 78-8-70 with Denis Underwood in third on 85-13-72 after card play-offs with Ian Sellick and Alex Ashworth.
A Medal competition played in conjunction with the Tradesman's Trophy was won by Benjamin Woodhead who scored 77-11-66 to win by two shots from David Bennett on 84-16-68.
Simon Murgatroyd was third scoring 85-15-70 after a card play-off with Tom Riley.
Former president Peter Clayton was in fine form last week winning the annual competition between the former captains and presidents on Tuesday to lift the Assheton Cup and then returning the best score in Wednesday's Midweek Medal with his round of 86-13-73.
Members of the Club Council and invited guests visited Heysham Golf Club on Thursday for their annual outing.
Members of the winning Four Man Team competition on the day were Richard Baker, Richard Moody, Alan Clifford and Brian Lamb with 81 points after a card play-off with the team of Richard Crossley, Dave Johnson, John Holt and Jim Tierney.
A card play-off was required to decide the winner of the Ladies' Four Person Team event on Thursday when the quartet of Susan Healey, Jacqueline Bury, Gill Eddlesone and Elizabeth McEwan scored 77 points to edge out the team of Sharon Turner, Deborah Catlow, Dawn Coulter and Bernadete Howarth.
Third place went to Judith Bishop, Rosemary Fort, Tracey Bentley and Marilyn Fletcher with 71 points. A Ladies' Stableford on Wednesday was won by Carole Brown with 36 points.
Picture Caption: Back row (left to right) Geoff Roberts, Ian Lambert, Paul Wood, Jim Cameron, Peter Clayton, Richard Baker, Andrew Walmsley and Chris Eddlestone.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
For the last week, one of the biggest stars in pop music has been in court. A radio DJ sued Taylor Swift, her mother and her manager for falsely accusing him of assault and getting him fired from his job. Swift is countersuing for a dollar, saying the DJ put his hand up her skirt and groped her during a photo op. The case has gotten attention from advocates for survivors of sexual assault who are praising Swift's frank and unapologetic stand - and a language warning for listeners here as we recount some of this testimony.
Leila Fadel is at the court now. She joins us from Denver. And this case started last week, Leila. Remind us what's happened so far.
LEILA FADEL, BYLINE: Well, today is the last day of this case. It began last week. David Mueller, the radio disc jockey here in Denver, is suing Swift, her mother and her manager for radio saying that they got him fired over a false accusation. And Swift, as you mentioned, is countersuing. But she has now been dropped from that case that David Mueller is suing for. And the judge said, quote, "there is insufficient evidence that she acted improperly when she reported an assault that she truly believed happened." But that doesn't mean the case is over.
Today her mother, Andrea Swift, and manager, Frank Bell, are still being sued for about $3 million. And of course there is the countersuit for the $1. And that dollar her lawyer mentioned today in his closing statement, saying, quote, "it's a single, symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
CORNISH: I want to talk more about that idea of symbolism because as I said, anti-sexual assault advocates have been praising her testimony. What is it about what she had to say? Why did it resonate?
FADEL: Yeah. She's been getting a lot of praise over her cross-examination. And it got their attention because she was consistent. She was assertive, and she really refused to be shamed, they say, on that stand. And so I'll just give you a few examples of things she said when Mueller's lawyer was questioning her.
So he mentioned that maybe it was an unintentional touch in another place. And she said, he didn't touch my rib. He did not touch my hand. He touched my bare ass. In another instance, Mueller's lawyer asked why she wasn't critical of her bodyguard for not keeping Mueller away from her. And her answer was, I'm critical of your client for sticking his hand under my skirt. So her zingers just kept going.
And in fact, Glamour magazine compiled a list of her, quote, "top ten most powerful statements." And the reason this is seen as so incredible is because women are consistently shamed into keeping quiet. And according to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, about two-thirds of women never report sexual assaults to the police.
CORNISH: And we should note that in this case of this alleged assault, it also was not reported to police.
FADEL: That's right. If this indeed happened, a 51-year-old man grabbed a 23-year-old young woman's behind in 2013, and it was kept quiet. He was quietly fired. During Swift's mother's testimony, she talked about wanting to vomit and cry at the same time when she found out and how she wanted to keep it quiet to protect her daughter and to stop her from having to relive the assault.
Today, both lawyers made closing statements, Mueller's lawyers saying he did not grope Swift, that he is the victim of a false accusation. And the lawyer asked, why would he do this after introducing himself, saying who he was employed by and taking a picture with her? Meanwhile, Swift's lawyer said that this case is about sending a message that no means no. Rich or poor, women shouldn't be shamed into silence, and aggressors should not be monetarily rewarded. And he said that Swift's story is backed up by several witnesses that testified last week, including her bodyguard and the photographer. The jury has begun deliberations, and we may hear news on the outcome as early as later today.
CORNISH: That's Leila Fadel from Denver. Thanks so much, Leila.
FADEL: Thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Perhaps it's unfair, but one has to wonder for whom the animated feature film "My Little Pony: The Movie" has been made. Ostensibly, it's for young kids, who count for double the ticket money with their parents in tow. But there's also a large market to be found in the "bronies" and "pegasisters," young adults who have developed a cultish fandom around the animated series "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic." No matter who you might encounter in the theater, "My Little Pony: The Movie" signals that the unrelentingly positive pastel ponies have hit the big time.
My Little Pony is a brand that has been somewhat ubiquitous since the 1980s. A toy line from Hasbro, My Little Pony was the more popular younger sibling of the hard plastic full-grown My Pretty Pony. Girls of the '80s will remember the soft, rubbery My Little Pony dolls for their resplendent and colorful manes and rump tattoos, aka "cutie marks." Like most kids merchandise, there was an accompanying animated series. And though a revival of the brand in 1997 was unsuccessful, the relaunch in 2010 has proved to be wildly popular, thanks to the bronies and pegasisters, and there's a whole dissertation to be written about the cultural factors that may be at play in the brand's contemporary success. But who can resist pretty pink ponies?
"My Little Pony: The Movie," directed by Jayson Thiessen, has a remarkably retro vibe. The film is done in the classic 2-D animation style and embraces the flat, colorful, Saturday-morning cartoon look and feel. If part of the appeal of the Little Pony renaissance is the nostalgic warm-fuzzies about childhood cartoons, then this film fully delivers. All we'd need is a bowl full of sugary cereal to complete the experience.
Storywise, the stakes start out quite low. Princess Twilight (Tara Strong) wants to throw the best Friendship Festival in Equestria, and her pony friends support her by singing about it. But all too soon their happy kingdom is invaded by the Storm King (Liev Schreiber), an ape/ox hybrid beast, his army led by fallen pony Tempest (Emily Blunt), a unicorn who lost her horn many years ago.
The Storm King is essentially a corporate fascist overlord, and he wants to steal the ponies' magic so he can control the weather, and everything else. Little Princess Twilight is the only one to escape, and so she sets off with her pals to ask for help from the Queen of the Hippogriffs (Uzo Aduba).
It's a classic children's story —parental figures in peril, a misfit group of pals, a hero's journey, and lots of songs along the way to underscore the pertinent message and pad out the running time. Truthfully, this film feels like four episodes of a cartoon strung together, and there are times, especially during some of the latter musical numbers, where it truly drags.
The approach to animated features these days is to create technological spectacle, line up an all-star cast of voice talent and pack the script with jokes for the accompanying parents to enjoy. But "My Little Pony: The Movie" zigs where others zag, throwing it back to the old school with its traditional animation and musical structure. It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but for those who already love it, it'll be just right.
Tribune News Service
WWE News: Zack Ryder comments on his return to SmackDown Live
It's great to see the Ultimate Broski back on television.
by Nithin Joseph News 14 Jun 2017, 20:22 IST
The Hype Bros are reunited
What's the story?
Zack Ryder made his return to the WWE on the most recent episode of SmackDown Live on the 13th of June. The Ultimate Broski, who is one-half of the duo known as the Hype Bros took to Twitter to comment on his return. You can see the tweet below.
In case you didn't know...
Zack Ryder has been out of action since December owing to a knee injury. He suffered the injury during a tag-team battle royale for the #1 Contenders spot, Ryder won the match for his team but the injury prevented the Hype Bros from capitalising on it.
The heart of the matter
After suffering a huge knee injury on the December 13th episode of SmackDown Live, Zack Ryder hadn't been seen on television for quite some time. However, the Ultimate Broski recently made his return to the WWE on this week's episode of SmackDown.
Although Ryder didn't make an in-ring return, he was seen backstage catching up with his former partner and winner of the 2017 edition of the Andre the Giant battle royal, Mojo Rawley. The duo managed to catch up with each other and Rawley seemed genuinely happy with the return of his ‘bro'.
On being reunited, Ryder proceeded to congratulate his partner on his match last week and informed Rawley that he had nothing to be ashamed about. However, the most interesting part of their conversation was when Ryder brought up the topic of the Hype Bros and stated that the two had unfinished business on SmackDown Live. Which could be a reference to the fact that the two are aiming for a shot at the tag-team titles.
No matter what may happen in the near future for the Hype Bros, the fact remains that the two have a really good relationship and this was made evident by the tweets of both Zack Ryder and Mojo Rawley.
Hey @MojoRawleyWWE...I know I already told you in person but I wanted to tweet you and say...I'm back bro. #SDLive #HypeBros — Zack Ryder (@ZackRyder) June 14, 2017
What's next?
It's pretty obvious now that the Hype Bros are back and if the conversation between Zack Ryder and Mojo Rawley means anything, then the Hype Bros will be challenging for the SmackDown Live tag-titles. In fact, the duo all but confirmed it on Talking Smack.
Author's take
Personally, I feel the fact that the Hype Bros are back is absolutely brilliant. The tag-team division on the blue brand has been lacking good talent when compared to that of Monday Night RAW.
Hopefully, the Hype Bros can hype up the SmackDown Live tag-team division once more.
Here's hoping Hailee Steinfeld paid attention in English class: Apple announced Wednesday that the Oscar-nominated actress will star as Emily Dickinson in its newest comedy project.
Dickinson, which received a straight-to-series order, will tell the titular poet's coming-of-age story. Described as “one woman's fight to get her voice heard,” the half-hour comedy will explore the constraints of society, gender and family from the perspective of a budding writer who doesn't fit in to her own time. The series will be set in Dickinson's era, the 1800s, with a modern sensibility and tone.
Alena Smith (The Affair) will write and executive-produce Dickinson alongside David Gordon Green (Vice Principals), who will also direct.
Dickinson marks Steinfeld's first major TV role. She is best known for her work in film, including The Edge of Seventeen, two Pitch Perfect installments and True Grit, which earned her an Oscar nomination in 2011 for Best Supporting Actress. She has also carved out a career in pop music and is currently recording her first album.
RELATEDThe Big Sick Duo Developing Immigration Anthology Series at Apple
Apple has recently made a big push for scripted content: Thus far this year, the tech giant has ordered a Reese Witherspoon-produced comedy series starring Kristen Wiig, a drama project from La La Land director Damien Chazelle and a psychological thriller from M. Night Shyamalan, to name a few.
“Democracy Sausages” – the term used to describe the sausage sizzle at voting booths in Australia has been crowned as “Word of the Year” by the Australian National Dictionary Centre.
It's just the latest in a long list of slang words such as “mansplaining” which have made their way into the dictionary. But how does slang come about, and why are we seeing so many slang terms become words of the year?
Kate Burridge is a professor of linguistics at Monash University and she joined our presenter Ineke Mules to discuss.
Produced by: Thomas Luke
He travelled with his guns as far as the mall parking lot before abandoning the idea.
Bissonnette didn't want to kill just anyone, said Lamontagne. He said Bissonnette chose the mosque because "he convinced himself that if there was at least one religious extremist inside," it would be worth it to murder people because it would save lives.
The idea was to seek vengeance from those who had persecuted him, but also to commit a "grandiose act" so no one would laugh at him after he was dead, Lamontagne added.
Bissonnette is neither a psychopath nor anti-social and did not hold delirious ideas or suffer from psychotic symptoms, he said.
Defence lawyer Charles-Olivier Gosselin asked Lamontagne if he thought Bissonnette could be rehabilitated.
"There are reasons to believe that he can," the psychologist responded.
Earlier on Monday, the defence presented its first witness, a former high school teacher who said Bissonnette was bullied and intimidated mercilessly in school.
Students would laugh at him, hit him and throw him against the wall regularly, said Lucie Cote.
Cote, who was Bissonnette's teacher in two different years at two different high schools, said he developed reflexes of nervousness and fear and did not defend himself.
She told Superior Court Justice Francois Huot she came to testify on her own accord and that her presence wasn't requested by the killer's defence team.
"After everything he endured, I couldn't stay silent," she said.
Cote said she never witnessed a worse case of intimidation and bullying toward a student in her 32-year career.
She said she took about 20 minutes of class time one day to scold her students about the way they treated him. Things changed a bit, but it didn't last, she said.
Cote said she cried when she heard the news of Bissonnette's arrest.
He wasn't a monster, said the retired 71-year-old.
Cote asked the judge to "give him hope."
Bissonnette's first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic life sentence with no chance of parole for 25 years.
But he can also receive consecutive sentences, which means he could spend up to 150 years in prison.
Bissonnette's lawyers have claimed in court that giving their client a 150-year jail term would be equivalent to sentencing him to death by incarceration.
By Stephanie Marin, The Canadian Press
Most of us would have to look up the name of J.D. Tippit. He was the Dallas police officer shot and killed in 1963, when he tried to apprehend the man who assassinated President Kennedy. Or Tim McCarthy, the Secret Service agent who took a bullet fired at President Reagan in 1981.
But Norman Mailer, one of America's great authors, wrote a massive biography of the man who shot J.D. Tippit and John F. Kennedy. Every aspect of the life of the man who shot Tim McCarthy has been followed for years. Both men, with blood from history on their hands, are featured as characters in a Stephen Sondheim musical.
The men who committed mass murder in Charleston, Newtown and Orlando became household names for weeks. Murderers can become famous. People who save lives can be footnotes.
As much of America woke to the news this week of the killings in Las Vegas, Zeynep Tufekci, the social scientist who writes on communications technology, and is often a guest on Weekend Edition, took to Twitter to caution:
"Media: the next potential mass shooter is watching the current media coverage intently. Right now. Your coverage is a factor in this crisis."
She went on to say that mass coverage that replays sounds and screams, scours a shooter's life for telling details, and searches out their old lovers, co-workers, and childhood friends, can fire feverish minds who begin to see killing as an avenue to fame, in a world where they've felt overlooked.
"As proof," she wrote, "simply look at recent rise of using cars as weapons. Painfully and openly obvious for decades, only took off recently. Contagion."
Journalists, myself included, often react badly to this argument. The public has a right to know, and the press has a duty to report, every aspect of such public and appalling crimes, though maybe not over and over again, and in every terrifying detail. Maybe we can minimize the superlatives of destruction that rank shootings — most, worst, biggest. Many news organizations have truly tried in recent years to repeat a killer's name less, and to report more on the lives of those he killed.
But the media are now more plural. People can get news these days, or what they think is news, from hackers, amateurs, hoaxers and just a man or woman on the other side of the world with a smartphone and no worries about how to responsibly report a mass shooting. And this monstrous crime is committed in America every few weeks.
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
At 9:30am on Friday, Governor Mark Dayton and Lt. Governor Tina Smith will host a celebration reception at the Governor's Residence for the Minnesota Lynx. On Wednesday night, the Lynx won the WNBA Championship for the fourth time in seven years. Team members will visit with Governor Dayton, Lt. Governor Smith, and other elected officials, and be congratulated for their outstanding championship season.
“The Minnesota Lynx are a phenomenal team, with the best Regular Season record in the WNBA, followed by winning their fourth WNBA Championship,” said Governor Dayton. “They won a thrilling final game on Wednesday night with their exceptional talent, teamwork, and tenacity. All of Minnesota should be very proud of these World Champions.”
To recognize the outstanding achievements of the Minnesota Lynx, Governor Dayton has declared Friday, October 6, 2017 to be “Minnesota Lynx Day” in Minnesota.
“The Minnesota Lynx are one of the most successful sports teams in Minnesota history, and this championship season has been phenomenal,” said Lt. Governor Smith. “Watching the Lynx play Williams Arena has been an unbelievable amount of fun. Minnesotans love them, young women athletes are inspired by them, and I look forward to celebrating with Coach Reeve and the team for ‘Minnesota Lynx Day' tomorrow.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you like your beauty products vegan and your bath times extra bubbly, chances are you've heard of LUSH.
The ethical cosmetic company and bath bomb extraordinaire has been a rising success story since its creation in the mid-nineties.
From a rather small but fiercely loyal fan base, the firm has become a global sensation. And now its store in Broadmead is looking for part-time sales assistants.
(Image: Nick Parford)
The city centre site states it is looking for hardworking individuals who are keen to create memorable customer experiences.
Applicants must be strong team players and great communicators who are able to lend their talents to causes and campaigns LUSH pioneers and supports.
Candidates must be available to work three to four full days a week, including one day on the weekend.
If you think you've got what it takes email your CV and cover letter to bristol@lush.co.uk
In return, LUSH offers a rate of pay of £8.45 per hour as well as a good team bonus scheme, a healthy discount off products, plus freebie testers when new products come out.
The deadline for applications is Wednesday, February 7, with successful applicants starting on February 15 (at the earliest).
Navigating The 'Aisle Of Confusion' To Whiten Your Teeth
Enlarge this image toggle caption Katherine Streeter for NPR Katherine Streeter for NPR
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US$900,000, one-year contract extension Wednesday.
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
"We're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa," Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release. "He showed us last season that he can play the game with speed, which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit.
"Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations."
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut restaurant manager charged in the fatal workplace shooting of a cook is set to return to court and possibly enter a not guilty plea to murder.
James Goolsby is charged in the Dec. 30 killing of Norris Jackson, who was shot four times inside the Bonchon Chicken restaurant in Manchester. Police say negative reviews of the restaurant on the Yelp website may have been factors in the shooting.
Related: Suspects wanted in Manchester restaurant murder arrested
Goolsby, of Hartford, is scheduled to appear Monday in Hartford Superior Court. His public defender, John Stawicki, said Friday it hadn't been decided whether Goolsby will enter a plea.
Goolsby's girlfriend, Leanne Robitaille, also worked at the restaurant and was charged with hindering prosecution. She has pleaded not guilty.
Related: Manchester police hunt for man's killer
Witnesses said Goolsby and Robitaille argued with Jackson before the shooting.
Dinesh Gundu Rao, 48, is the son of former Karnataka chief minister Gundu Rao. Photo: Hindustan Times
Bengaluru: Dinesh Gundu Rao, the 48-year old son of former Karnataka chief minister Gundu Rao, was on Wednesday named as the new President of the Karnataka Congress Pradesh Committee (KPCC), ahead of the crucial 2019 Lok Sabha elections where the party is looking to consolidate the opposition to take on Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Rao will succeed G.Parameshwara, the incumbent president and deputy chief minister in the coalition government in Karnataka, who has served as the party chief since 27 October 2010.
Rao, a Brahmin, who was appointed as Working President of the KPCC on 21 June 2016, would now be entrusted with ending the infighting within his own party and coordinating efforts with its coalition partner, Janata Dal (Secular), who it has a pre-poll alliance for next year's elections.
The appointment of Rao as the president ends the intense lobbying for the top post in the party which had contenders like D.K.Shivakumar, M.B.Patil, K.H.Muniyappa, B.K.Hariprasad and S.R.Patil among other senior leaders.
In a statement released on Wednesday, the India Congress Committee (AICC) said that it has also appointed Eshwar Khandre, a former state minister and legislator from Bhalki, as its working president.
Khandre, one of the many Congress legislators who openly opposed the splitting up of the Lingayats and Veerashaivas, missed getting a ministerial berth as the minority religion status issue had hurt the party in the May assembly elections. The other leader, M.B.Patil, who became the political face for the demand for a minority religion status for Lingayats, aimed at splitting the BJP's core support base, continues to wait his turn for a post in the H.D.Kumaraswamy led coalition government.
Both, pro and anti factions in the Lingayat minority religion controversy, were left out of the government as the issue had turned into a political hot potato for the Congress, which was reduced from 122 seats in 2013 to 80 in the May elections.
A.Narayana, political analyst and faculty at the Azim Premji University, Bengaluru, said that appointing Rao as its chief would send a message that the Congress is a party that represents all caste groups of the state.
He added that making a Vokkaliga or a Lingayat as the party chief would likely result in more friction between the two communities, believed to be the largest and politically influential caste groups in the state. “Dissent will be there no matter who is in the saddle,” Narayana added on if Rao was the right person to bring its ranks to stop its infighting.
Aston Villa v Hull City
Aston Villa take on Hull on Saturday 5th August, 2017, with kickoff at 17:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports.
Last year Hull City got about as much praise as is possible for a team that ended up being relegated, mainly for having the guts to hire a manager with huge potential but a foreign name. This in itself is hilarious when you look at the list of English managers to win the Premier League (hint, there is no list, never happened). Sadly, it didn't work out, and Hull still went down.
Today they face Villa, who spent a lot of money going nowhere last year and won't want to repeat that. Should be good.
Aston Villa v Hull is LIVE on Sky Sports.
The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder."Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months - or by July 2017 - transgender people also would be able to enlist.Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government "will not accept or allow" transgender troops to serve "in any capacity" in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight."The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time."It doesn't have any basis in science," he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
ARIES
Cupid's arrow will strike you without warning at the end of the year. Love will catch you off-guard but consider it a blessing in disguise! For those in relationships, you'll be in a rut at the end of the year and will have to do everything in your power to shake up your daily routine. Just make sure you and your partner are both in agreement. If you need to blow off work, do it this week because soon, you won't have any free time. The new year will be very intense for you professionally!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
TAURUS
You have no desire to commit for the long-term and focus instead on having fun in the moment. For couples, your partner will take the initiative and make decisions for the both of you during the holidays without asking for your opinion first. This will rub you the wrong way so be sure to stand up for yourself and speak your peace. You'll also have to defend yourself at work when negotiations for a new contract go awry.
GEMINI
Even though you like all of the people you meet, don't let desperation or fear of being alone cloud your judgment. It could result in a relationship with someone you don't actually like. For those already coupled up, your relationship has been smooth sailing as of late, but don't put in more effort just to keep the peace. Make sure that your partner is also carrying his or her weight. At work, your perfectionistic ways make you a hard worker, but be careful not to criticize your team or boss every time there's a small mistake.
CANCER
The holidays have you feeling down and you can't help but to reminisce this week on happier times. Try not to think of your future as bleak and accept any social invitations that come your way. You feel nervous in your relationship and want to ask your partner important questions to get more clarity. Wait a little before bombarding him or her, or you might regret it. Professionally, you'll negotiate a contract that week that will lean heavily in your favor. Enjoy it!
LEO
Your ego will receive a major boost this week and no one can resist complimenting you or telling you what you want to hear. As for your relationship, your partner wants to spoil you with lavish gifts for Christmas and you'll feel the pressure to return the favor by not skimping on presents for his or her family. At work, your biggest fear of not doing enough or living up to expectations will have you spreading yourself too thin. Try to ease back on the workload or risk burning out.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
VIRGO
Someone special has recently caught your eye, but taking things slow and not rushing anything will be best for your relationship. For couples, you'll want to spend the holiday season splurging on gifts for your significant other and his or her family. Make sure to gather everyone together and spend some quality time. All of your hard work will finally pay off this week and your ongoing projects will go well.
LIBRA
Your loved ones might think that your independent streak is all an act and that you're secretly craving intimacy, but being single truly suits you! For those in relationships, you've catered to your partner's every wish and desire but it's time to finally stand up for yourself. Your lover might complain at first, but it's important to make your true feelings known. Some luck will find you at work this week (perhaps in the form of a Christmas bonus?) but be wary of your co-workers who might be jealous of all of the extra attention you've been getting.
SCOPRIO
Others might be put off by your attitude but you have no regrets being yourself and just enjoying your life. Anyone who doesn't compliment you ben't worth your time! For couples, you've grown tired of all of the fighting between you and your partner. Try to settle your differences soon and start the new year on a positive note. Your boss needs to understand that while you don't mind working more, it's only worth it to you if you see results. Let him or her know you don't want to waste your time!
SAGITTARIUS
Meeting new people and testing the waters is what you do best, but avoid being disappointed by potential suitors by taking things slow. Make sure the person is truly worth it before investing your time. For those already in relationships, you'll want to spend the holiday season with your lover but might find yourself getting irritated by small annoyances. Try to focus on the beautiful holiday instead. You'll also feel tired out at work this week but will be able to find the energy to finish off the year on a positive note.
CAPRICORN
You feel alone and unloved by being single, but also can't bring yourself to open up to others. Take a chance and try to be vulnerable—you might just find love in the process! For couples, you have a tendency to put all of the blame onto your partner for not listening to you, but make sure you practice what you preach. Are you truly opening up to him or her as well? Try to relax at the end of the year and take it easy at work. You deserve some downtime!
AQUARIUS
Fantasizing about a certain friend is having you developing feelings for him or her. Take a risk and see if the connection could be worth pursuing. For those already with partners, sometimes you ponder about the future of your relationship but it's best to try to live in the moment. Your other half is already such a great addition to your life—take the time to truly enjoy it! Professionally, you thought it would be a good idea to take a few days off at work, but an emergency situation or an urgent project will come up this week that will occupy all of your time and energy.
PISCES
Stop pursuing a lover who doesn't deserve you and wait for someone who is worth your time and willing to put in the effort. As for those in relationships, you've been enjoying all of the holiday cheer and spending time with your loved one, but are starting to feel restless with all of the holiday parties. Try to come up with a few exciting activities for you and your partner in the new year. You'll also have to take some initiative at work this week and solve an unexpected problem that will come up.
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
BOURNEMOUTH, England — Substitutes Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second-half goals as in-form Bournemouth came from behind to beat Stoke 2-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Struggling Stoke looked on course to make it seven points from nine under new manager Paul Lambert when Xherdan Shaqiri headed the visitors into a deserved early lead at Vitality Stadium.
But Bournemouth battled back to score twice in the second half to extend the club's record unbeaten run to seven games and send Stoke back into the relegation zone.
King, who had earlier been booked for a dive while under pressure from Kurt Zouma, levelled the contest following a defensive mix-up with 20 minutes to go. Zouma collided with teammate Joe Allen just inside Stoke's 18-yard box and the ball broke kindly for King to stroke home his first goal since November.
Sebi chief Ajay Tyagi confirmed that the regulator has come to know of instances wherein price-sensitive financial data of reputed companies was leaked. Photo: PTI
Mumbai: The markets regulator is “seriously” looking into the complaints about some individuals allegedly circulating key financial details and other market moving information about listed companies on social media groups before they are made officially public.
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) chairman Ajay Tyagi on Tuesday confirmed that the regulator has come to know of instances wherein price-sensitive financial data of reputed companies was leaked to right before the earnings were formally made public.
“We are taking that (WhatsApp leaks) very seriously. How come such messages about reputed listed companies are leaked quite close to the financial results is something we are not going to sit quietly on,” Tyagi told reporters on the sidelines of an investment banking summit here.
As reported by PTI earlier, Sebi and the exchanges are examining trade details of over two dozen stocks as part of a probe into the alleged leak of key financial details through social media platform WhatsApp. The regulator is also considering seeking call data records of the persons involved.
The companies include several blue-chips, officials had told PTI earlier. Besides, Sebi is also considering seeking call data records (CDRs) of all the persons involved in the circulating such key financial details and other price-sensitive information about publicly traded companies on social media groups before they are made public.
The regulator has powers to seek call data records, excluding the exact content of the communication, from telecom service providers. Sebi will also seek clarification from brokerages and listed firms if such individuals were found to be associated with them.
Experts predict an increase in the incidence of ARVI and influenza in the second half of December. In Kyrgyzstan , for the 48th week (from November 27 to December 3), compared with the previous week, the incidence of ARVI increased by 10.3 percent at the expense of Bishkek and Osh . The Department of Disease Prevention and State Sanitary and Epidemiological Supervision reports.
According to it, a gradual increase in the incidence of acute respiratory viral infections has been observed since October 2017.
At the same time, only 8 clinically confirmed cases of influenza registered in Naryn.
According to preliminary forecasts, the growth of ARVI and influenza is expected from the second half of December. Now the epidemiological situation in the country is stable.
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID: 3083221 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0006 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.51 MB Location: US Web Views: 8 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through her hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
She and her soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; she moved out two years ago and her husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," she said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," she said.
With the couple splitting up, she can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and her husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
LYNCHBURG, Va. - Jane Rennyson moved to Lynchburg five years ago. She is one of the 66,000 people who drive through U.S. 501 and U.S. 221, also known as the Lakeside Drive, Old Forest Road intersection, every day.
"I like to avoid this area around lunchtime. And just recently I've noticed around 5 or 6 o'clock it gets really congested. So, I try to head over here early in the morning,” Rennyson said.
In 2006, the city did a traffic analysis to fix the highly congested intersection and were not successful in finding grant money.
Up until now, city transportation engineer Donald Deberry says they're looking for state and federal help.
But to reduce the cost of the project, they've got to an environmental study with a price tag of $1.5 million.
"We have to look at other alternatives that might be less impactful on the environment. And from the environment we're talking about wetlands, wildlife and endangered species, water quality, noise and air quality,” Deberry said.
They also have to develop a design, splitting the total cost of $4 million with Virginia Department of Transportation.
"We don't think the design will cost quite that much. But it will be close. The balance of those funds after we negotiate the design fee will be used for right-of-way acquisition; if we need some easements. If we can get those two pieces of the job then we're that much closer to construction,” Deberry said.
But getting closer to construction might not be as quick as some drivers would like. City engineers say if everything goes according to plan, they're looking at six years until they can get the money.
"That's a long time. I feel like a lot more people are going to move to this area in that time. And I guess that's just a problem with any city that's growing. There's going to be a lot of traffic,” Rennyson said.
We've attached a PDF file, explaining the number of crashes the city has seen at the intersection.
City officials also tell 10 News they hope to finish the environmental study in July next year, design will take another 18 months. Once they have enough information to present to the public. They will post when and where they will host public meetings on the city's website.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Arsenal Transfer Roundup: Everton target Welbeck, Wenger gives up Lemar chase and more
All the transfer news and rumours involving the Gunners.
by Shambhu Ajith Football Transfer Roundup 14 Aug 2017, 18:32 IST
Danny Welbeck scored for Arsenal in their opening fixture against Leicester
Ronald Koeman wants Danny Welbeck at Everton
After Olivier Giroud dismissed reports of his exit and vowed to stay and fight for his place at Arsenal, Everton manager Ronald Koeman has now switched his focus to signing Danny Welbeck, according to Daily Star.
Welbeck has not featured in more than 25 games for Arsenal in any of the three seasons after arriving from Manchester United for £16m. With Lacazette added to their ranks, Welbeck will find it difficult to have a steady run of games this season.
Koeman has long been an admirer of Welbeck. If the deal goes through, the striker will reunite with former Manchester United teammate Wayne Rooney at Goodison Park.
Gunners no longer in pursuit of Thomas Lemar
Lemar looks set to stay at AS Monaco
According to Daily Mail, Arsene Wenger is now resigned to the fact that his side will not be able to complete the signing of Thomas Lemar this summer. The Gunners have had all their bids for the Frenchman rejected as the clubs remain miles apart in their valuation of the winger.
With only two and a half weeks to go before the transfer window closes, Wenger will want to get rid of the fringe players and ease up the club's wage expenditure.
Lemar was the only player Arsenal were actively pursuing and now that they've decided to call it a day, it would be wise to conclude that it is also the end of Arsenal's summer spending activities.
Newcastle want Jack Wilshere
Wilshere is surplus to requirements at the Emirates
Rafa Benitez, who is frustrated with Newcastle's lack of transfer activity this summer, is an admirer of Arsenal reject Jack Wilshere and is willing to bring him to St. James' Park.
Wilshere, who is back at the Emirates following a loan spell at Bournemouth, wasn't included in the Arsenal squad that won their first Premier League match of the season beating Leicester 4-3. The 25-year-old wants to play with the U-23s in a bid to impress Wenger and regain his place in the squad.
But Wilshere will be offered first-team action if he decides to move to Newcastle United and he will find that difficult to walk away from.
Lucas Perez's future still uncertain
Lucas Perez is frustrated at the lack of game time on offer at Arsenal
The question of whether or not Lucas Perez will leave Arsenal this summer remains unanswered.
Rodrigo Fernandez, who represents Perez, told Sky Sports, "I think the £10.9m that Deportivo have offered is a great deal. Deportivo received £12.7m when they sold him to them last summer."
"They are giving everything to make this transfer possible. Lucas wants to play but he has a contract with Arsenal. I am hopeful an agreement can be reached."
Tammy Abraham's 22nd league goal of the season was not enough to give Bristol City a third successive victory, as Sam Gallagher headed in to ensure a draw at Ewood Park.
City led from the 14th minute – when Abraham beat David Raya with a cool, flicked finish at the end of a 31-pass move – until the 71st when Gallagher nodded Elliott Bennett's cross past Frank Fielding.
City had been the better side until Blackburn drew level, but ended the game somewhat on the back foot as the former Premier League champions – mired in trouble at the bottom of the Sky Bet Championship – threw everything at the visitors.
City, fielding the same XI for the third straight game, appeared on course for a fifth win in seven – but the fact they were not beaten ensures they go into the final three games of the season four points clear of the drop-zone.
Abraham opened the scoring in confident fashion following Jamie Paterson's pass, while Blackburn only threatened from wide free-kicks during the first period.
Matty Taylor shot over the bar from Josh Brownhill's pull-back, while Abraham's powerful effort was well saved by Raya at 1-0, before Brownhill shot tamely at the goalkeeper.
There had been little warning of a Blackburn leveller when Bennett crossed for Gallagher to head into the corner within a minute of Brownhill's chance going begging – but it spurred on the home side and their supporters.
Gallagher had a penalty appeal waved away as Blackburn pressed for a winner but City defended resolutely to claim the point. They have now taken seven points from their last three games.
Abraham is worth his weight in goals
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
Abraham has thrived upon the responsibility he has been given in his first full season of senior football, scoring 22 of City's 56 Championship goals and underlining his status as one of the most exciting young forwards in England.
He put the Robins ahead on 14 minutes with a goal that highlighted his confidence, beating the offside trap from Paterson's pass and delightfully flicking the ball past Raya with the outside of his right boot.
He has scored 25 goals for City in total – and if, as expected, he returns to Chelsea in the summer to be sold or loaned to a Premier League club, it is the understatement of the year to suggest his absence will be felt at Ashton Gate next season.
On the plus side, though, getting him in on loan in the first place will go down as one of the main reasons City are playing Championship football next season if they confirm their survival in the next three games.
City's powers of recovery are admirable
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
After their 5-0 defeat at Preston North End less than a fortnight ago, City could have fallen apart.
Instead, they rallied. They have been impressive since the trip to Deepdale, beating Wolves 3-1 and QPR 2-1 at Ashton Gate to carry them away from the relegation zone, before denying Blackburn a victory that would have allowed them to move back to within one point of City.
They showed real character again at Ewood Park – not only in being bold from the off and taking the lead, but in holding firm when Gallagher's goal sparked Blackburn's sustained late pressure.
Head coach Lee Johnson said of Blackburn's late rally: “If you watch the video back, with the sound off, I don't think we were under as much under pressure as you'd think. I was disappointed with a draw but probably have to give credit to Blackburn for the way they threw caution to the wind late on.”
City not relying on their home comforts
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
The Robins arrived at Ewood Park with only three Championship wins on the road all season – and only one since September. But, following three successive wins at Ashton Gate, City took their survival show on the road and were unfazed at Ewood Park, where they had not won since 1990.
They were the better team before Abraham opened the scoring, and continued in that vein until Blackburn drew level. At that point, with the home supporters ramping up the noise levels to get behind their beleaguered team, City's players dealt with a lot of Blackburn pressure to ensure they left Lancashire with a point, and even had chances to break and win the game late on.
City's midfield impressed throughout
Johnson appears to have hit on a winning combination in midfield, with Korey Smith and Marlon Pack effective in the centre and Paterson and Brownhill tireless in the wide positions. Brownhill caught the eye in both attack and defence, getting back to break up several Blackburn attacks while also looking a threat. Had Taylor scored from his chip over the defender and subsequent pull-back, or had he not scuffed his shot just before Blackburn equaliser, his display would have been viewed in an even more positive light.
“He's probably a couple of finishes away from being a really top, top Championship player,” said Johnson. “He's bold, bright, technically accomplished and works his socks off.”
Blackburn Rovers (3-4-3): Raya; Nyambe (Conway 46), Ward (Emnes 67), Hoban; Bennett, Lowe (capt), Akpan, Williams; Mahoney, Gallagher, Feeney (Joao 46). Subs not used: Fisher (gk), Guthrie, Tomlinson, Brown.
Goal: Gallagher (71).
Booked: Bennett, Williams.
Bristol City (4-4-2): Fielding; Little (Cotterill 77), Flint, Wright, Bryan; Brownhill, Pack, Smith (capt), Paterson (O'Dowda 74); Abraham, Taylor (Wilbraham 85). Subs not used: Giefer (gk), Tomlin, Magnusson, Hegeler.
Goal: Abraham (14).
Booked: Wright, Bryan.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A popular female footballer was found hanged from goalposts at her home ground weeks before her 21st birthday, an inquest heard.
Lauren Brown was found dead on Hepworth United Football Club's pitch, where she played for the ladies team last Thursday.
Police say her death is not being treated as suspicious.
On Sunday, around 60 friends and team-mates gathered at the club near Holmfirth, West Yorks, to lay flowers, release balloons in the club's colours and lit candles in her memory.
The club has cancelled games in the wake of her death as a mark of respect.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
A club spokesman described Lauren as a “lovely, sunny character who was bubbly around everybody.
“She was popular with the whole team and has played for us for a couple of seasons, it has come as a complete shock.
"She is from a sporting family and her sister plays football too.”
He added that Lauren had been due to play in a cup game against Tingley Athletic on the Sunday following her death.
In 2015 when she was 18 Lauren was shortlisted for a student community award as a dedicated volunteer, air cadet and football coach.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
She was a sergeant at Huddersfield 59 Squadron of the Air Cadets and a football coach and manager who promoted women's football at Lepton Highlanders.
She was studying at Huddersfield New College and was nominated by Student Engagement Manager Lee Speight, who said: “Lauren has been an active and influential part of her community.”
A club spokesman said it was supporting a JustGiving appeal, set up by Lauren's friend Laura Watts, to raise money for a memorial trophy.
Laura posted on the JustGiving site: “Sadly we lost this beautiful girl from our lives. One of her passions was playing football at Hepworth football club.
“We are trying to raise as much money as possible for the club and also to buy a memorial trophy so her memory lives on throughout the years to come.”
A total of 40 supporters have so far donated more than £400 on the page.
The club spokesman said: “On Sunday the whole squad and her friends met at the pitch to lay flowers, release balloons in the club's colours and light candles.
"We made sure everybody was okay; there were lots of tears.”
The inquest at Bradford Coroner's Court has been opened and adjourned to a future date.
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org.
New Delhi: The Income Tax Department conducted raids in 60 locations, related to Jai Bharat Maruti Group, spread across Delhi-NCR and recovered cash to the tune of Rs seven crores and three kilograms of gold.
Jai Bharat Group is one of the biggest suppliers to Maruti and Ashok Leyland.
The raids on the properties of JBM Ltd in Delhi, Faridabad, Gurugram, Ghaziabad are underway since Thursday.
Further details are awaited.
Easing Old People's Loneliness Can Help Keep Them Healthy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Emil Girardi moved to San Francisco on New Year's Eve in 1960. He loved everything about the city: the energy, the people and the hills. And, of course, the bars, where Girardi mixed drinks for most of his adult life.
About 10 years ago, the 83-year-old New York native had a stroke and collapsed on the sidewalk near his Nob Hill home. Everything changed.
"I didn't want to go out of the house," Girardi recalled, adding he only felt comfortable "going from the bedroom to the dining room."
He'd started to fear the city's streets — and growing older.
An out-of-state friend worried about his isolation and called a San Francisco-based nonprofit called Little Brothers, Friends of the Elderly. The organization works to relieve isolation and loneliness among the city's seniors by pairing them with volunteers.
Little Brothers matched him with Shipra Narruhn, a computer software trainer who has volunteered with various organizations over the years, and became involved with Little Brothers after her mother's death. The organization started in France after World War II and now operates in several U.S. cities, including Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco.
Cathy Michalec, the executive director of the local nonprofit, said older adults often become less mobile as they age. Cities like San Francisco, because of hills, crowded streets or old housing stock, are difficult for many seniors. That can lead to isolation and loneliness, Michalec said.
"Those 50 stairs you used to be able to go up and down all the time, you can't go up and down all the time," she said. "The streets are crowded and sometimes unsafe. ... Sometimes, our elders say, it's easier to stay in the house."
Across the nation, geriatricians and other health and social service providers are growing increasingly worried about loneliness among seniors like Girardi. Their concerns are fueled by studies showing the emotional isolation is linked to serious health problems. Research shows older adults who feel lonely are at greater risk of memory loss, strokes, heart disease and high blood pressure. The health threat is similar to that of smoking 15 cigarettes a day, according to AARP. Researchers say that loneliness and isolation are linked to physical inactivity and poor sleep, as well as high blood pressure and poor immune functioning.
A 2012 study showed that people who felt lonely – whether or not they lived with others or suffered from depression – were at heightened risk of death. It also showed that 43 percent of people over 60 felt lonely.
"If someone reports feeling lonely, they are more likely to lose their independence and they are at greater risk of dying solely from being lonely," said Dr. Carla Perissinotto, a geriatrician and researcher at the University of California, San Francisco who authored the study.
There can be many causes of loneliness, Perissinotto said, including illness, hearing loss or life changes such as retirement or the loss of a spouse. "The usual social connections we have in younger life end up changing as we get older," she said.
Narruhn recalled that she and Girardi would just visit at his apartment, in the beginning. She'd tell him about her travels and her adult daughter. He'd tell her about his adventures in San Francisco. He described what the city was like as a young gay man, and told her about the friends he had lost to AIDS. They talked about music, books and cooking.
"I could tell from talking to him that he had a lot of interests," she said. "At one time, he was very sociable."
Gradually, Narruhn started bringing him music from Italy, India and Mexico. Girardi liked the songs he could snap his fingers to. Finally, Shipra convinced him to go out to lunch – and to visit a hidden, tile-covered staircase in San Francisco with her.
"Shipra came to see me, and came to see me and came to see me," he said. "Finally, she said, 'You have to get out of the house.'"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Soon, they were going to jazz shows, on walks and to the park. Narruhn said she invited Girardi to do eclectic things with her – chakra cleansings, Reiki healing sessions – and he was always game. Over time, his fear subsided. So did his loneliness.
"After she took me out of the house, then I didn't want to stop," Girardi said.
There isn't much research about the effectiveness of programs such as Little Brothers. But Perissinotto said they can help seniors build new social connections. Other efforts to address loneliness include roommate matching services in various states and, in the United Kingdom, a call-in hotline.
"Maintaining connections, that touchy-feely thing, is actually really important," Perissinotto said. "It's hard to measure, it's hard to quantify, but there is something real. Even though we don't have the exact research, we have tons of stories where we know it's [had] an effect in people's lives."
AARP Foundation also recently launched a nationwide online network to raise awareness about social isolation and loneliness among older adults. The network, Connect2Affect, allows people to do a self-assessment test and reach out to others feeling disconnected.
AARP, the Gerontological Society of America and other organizations are hoping to help create more understanding of isolation and loneliness and to help lonely seniors build more social connections.
"Loneliness is a huge issue we don't talk enough about," said Dr. Charlotte Yeh, chief medical officer of AARP Services. "There is a huge stigma."
One afternoon in November, Narruhn came by to take Girardi out to one of their favorite restaurants on Polk Street. The waiter greeted them by name. Over Italian food, they planned several more visits together.
Girardi said he doesn't fear growing older anymore. He's surrounded by his new family. And by good music, he said, and "snapping fingers."
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. You can follow Anna Gorman on Twitter: @annagorman.
The AA is warning the public mood will turn "really dark" if Auckland motorists aren't seeing any benefits of the regional fuel tax by the end of the year.
Aucklanders will be hit with a 11.5c a litre rise as soon the regional fuel tax comes into effect on July 1, with petrol companies saying they will be passing the full increase on.
And there will be more pain when prices rise by as much as 4c a litre again on October 1 if the first round of three national fuel excise increases is implemented following a policy statement announcement at the end of June.
The Government has indicated the increase will be 3-4c every year for three years.
Advertisement
Worries have been raised about the impact on Aucklanders and especially the city's poorest.
READ MORE:
• Auckland Council gives green light to 11.5c fuel tax to hit motorists on July 1
• Barry Soper: The hypocrisy of the Govt's petrol tax position
• Aucklanders to have said on regional petrol tax before knowing how it will be spent
• Ken Shirley: Fuel tax poorly thought out solution to transport costs
A clear majority of 13 to 7 councillors voted in favour of implementing the regional fuel tax today, but a south Auckland councillor who voted against it raised concerns the poorest residents would be hit hardest.
Auckland Council voted to approve the regional fuel tax, which will take effect from July 1 once it passes through Parliament.
The tax, which adds 10c to every litre of fuel sold in Auckland plus GST, was approved by councillors at a budget meeting today, which will now go to Parliament for approval.
AA spokesman for Auckland transport Barney Irvine said the double-whammy of the two taxes was a lot to ask of Auckland motorists.
"I don't think anyone's very happy about having to pay more at the pump but I think most Aucklanders would look at this and say 'okay, if it's going to help improve the transport system I'm prepared to pay for it, albeit grudgingly'."
The AA was worried the mood among motorists would turn sour if tangible improvements to Auckland's congestion weren't noticeable by the end of the year, Irvine said.
Big projects would obviously take longer, but Irvine wanted to see small improvements like smart traffic lights and adjustable median barriers implemented within six months.
"If they don't the public mood is going to be really dark."
The AA is calling for a 12 month review of the regional tax to make sure it is working as intended and that companies are not "price spreading", a practice where the price of fuel was hiked by less nationally to keep prices competitive in Auckland, the country's largest fuel market.
Irvine said the AA also didn't want the Government to lose sight of the possibility of implementing a congestion tax in future - an alternative tax which was less "blunt" than an across-the-board tax hike.
If the regional fuel tax wasn't seen to be improving on Auckland's congestion problem quickly the public mood could turn "really dark", the AA's Barney Irvine said.
Worries tax increases will hit the poorest hardest were raised during today's vote.
Manurewa-Papakura councillor Daniel Newman, the only councillor to advocate for higher rates as the way forward, said the tax would lead to a redistribution of wealth from some of the poorest people to those who have the greatest wealth and choice.
"I don't think that is fair," he said.
Petrol companies spoken to by the Herald today said they would be passing on the full cost of the regional fuel tax immediately, either at the pump or in wholesale fuel prices.
"10c a litre is not something I think anybody could absorb overnight," Gull boss David Bodger said.
"The Government's decided Auckland needs more money and they need more money and we will unfortunately be passing that on to the poor motorists."
BP and Z Energy, which also owns the Caltex brand, would be passing on the full amount of the tax to consumers which was standard practice, spokeswomen for both companies said.
BP 2Go stations like this one are independently owned and set their own retail prices, but the company will hike the cost of its wholesale fuel to owners.
BP 2Go and Caltex stations are independently owned and operated and owners would set prices at their discretion, but the price of wholesale fuel would be bumped up by 11.5c a litre.
All BP Connect and Z Energy stations would have their set on July 1 to reflect the tax increase immediately.
"We run a high cost, low margin business, so there's no buffer in our profit margin to reasonably absorb an increase such as this," Z Energy spokeswoman Sheena Thomas said.
In response to questions about price spreading, BP spokeswoman Leigh Taylor said beyond the first implementation of the tax "market forces" would dictate the price.
LAVAL, Que. — Charlie Lindgren stopped all 26 shots he faced to lead the Laval Rocket to a 3-0 victory over the Belleville Senators on Friday in the American Hockey League debut for both teams.
Michael McCarron led the Laval (1-0-0) offence with a goal and an assist and Daniel Audette and Nick Deslauriers also scored for the Montreal Canadiens' new AHL affiliate. The team moved from St. John's, N.L.
Danny Taylor stopped 22 shots for the Senators (0-1-0), who moved to Belleville from Binghamton, N.Y.
The Rocket were 1 for 3 on the power play. Belleville failed to take advantage of eight chances with the man advantage.
NHRC has sent a notice to the Uttar Pradesh government over deaths of several children at a state-run hospital in Gorakhpur. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: The NHRC has sent a notice to the Uttar Pradesh government over deaths of several children at a state-run hospital in Gorakhpur, while observing that it amounted to “gross callousness” on part of the health administration of the state government.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has sent the notice to the UP Chief Secretary, and sought a detailed report in four weeks on the steps taken for relief and rehabilitation of the affected families as well as the action taken against the guilty officers, the NHRC on Monday said.
Over 60 children have reportedly died at BRD Medical College Hospital since 7 August, many allegedly for want of oxygen whose supply was disrupted after bills were not paid to the vendor. The rights panel has taken suo motu cognisance of several media reports hinting at negligence in the supply of liquid oxygen at the hospital which resulted in the tragedy.
What Do You Want To Know About Pandemics? Submit A Question
Goats and Soda is now running a series on pandemics.
Dangerous viruses like Ebola and MERS are emerging in greater numbers than ever before. We're looking at how pandemics start, how diseases jump from animals to humans and why the number of newly discovered viruses is on the rise.
What Causes Pandemics? We Do In this series, NPR explores the causes behind our new hyperinfectious era. Join the conversation with the hashtag #KillerViruses or tweet us @NPRGoatsAndSoda.
We know you'll have lots of questions along the way. In fact, we've already received a few from our audience. On Twitter, someone asked: Could it be possible that in today's information age, there really aren't more pandemics — we just hear more about them? On Facebook, another asked: How did the animals first get the diseases?
What do you want to know about pandemics? Submit your questions in the tool below.
The deadline for submitting a question for consideration is Feb. 27. In an upcoming story, our reporters will answer some of your questions. So if there's something you'd like to know about pandemics, let us know!
POMEROY — Multiple candidates have submitted their paperwork to run for county office in the May primary in advance of Wednesday's filing deadline.
As of 10 a.m. on Friday, Republicans Danny Davis and Tim Ihle have filed to run for Meigs County Commissioner, a seat currently held by Ihle.
Linda Warner has filed her petition to run for Meigs County Common Pleas Court Judge.
Auditor Mary T. Byer-Hill has filed for reelection.
In addition, the county commissioners and Scipio Township Trustees have filed to have levies placed on the ballot.
Sheriff Keith Wood and Commissioner Randy Smith were at the Board of Elections on Friday morning submitting paperwork for the placement of a bond issue and levy for the proposed Meigs County Correctional Facility.
Wood said he was excited about the opportunity to move forward with what he considers to be a “seriously needed” facility for the county.
The sheriff encouraged residents of the county to reach out to him with questions they may have regarding the levy and proposed facility.
In Scipio Township, voters will be asked to approve levies for road maintenance and fire protection.
A liquor option for Doug's Carry Out in Columbia Township has also been filed with the Board of Elections.
Central Committee spots will also appear on the May ballot.
The deadline for all candidates, levies and issues for the May ballot is 4 p.m. on Wednesday, Feb. 7.
The next Board of Elections meeting is scheduled for Feb. 13 at 8:30 a.m., at which time they could approve the candidates, levies and issues for ballot placement.
Sheriff Keith Wood and Commissioner Randy Smith submit paperwork to Angie Robson and Tammy Cline at the Meigs County Board of Elections for the placement of a levy and bond issue for the Meigs County Correctional Facility. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.4-Election-Filing201822115348378.jpg Sheriff Keith Wood and Commissioner Randy Smith submit paperwork to Angie Robson and Tammy Cline at the Meigs County Board of Elections for the placement of a levy and bond issue for the Meigs County Correctional Facility.
Filing deadline Wednesday
By Sarah Hawley shawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Sarah Hawley is the managing editor of The Daily Sentinel.
Sarah Hawley is the managing editor of The Daily Sentinel.
Richard Nicolello, GOP leader of the Nassau County Legislature, sharply criticized County Executive Laura Curran's administration for not taking steps to borrow $23 million to help fund a $45 million legal judgment, and objected to the bulk of Curran's proposal to raise traffic and parks fees.
Nicolello, of New Hyde Park, made is remarks during a legislative budget committee hearing Tuesday, during which county officials disclosed a $50 million deficit in last year's budget. Curran, a Democrat, took office Jan. 1 of this year.
The legal judgment is due two men who, after spending years in prison, were exonerated in the 1984 rape and murder of a Lynbrook teenager.
In February, lawmakers voted 13-6 to authorize $23 million in borrowing to help pay the judgment.
The $45 million judgment was paid out of the 2018 operating budget, Curran spokesman Michael Martino told Newsday.
The issue came to light when GOP legislators pressed Curran administration officials about why they hadn't yet sought approval from the county's financial control board, the Nassau Interim Finance Authority, to borrow the money.
“So the administration unilaterally decided that it would not proceed with what it had proposed, and what we had approved, and decided it would go in a different direction?” Nicolello asked Mark Page, deputy county executive for finance.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Page responded that the county budget as of mid-March “doesn't rely on that bonding.” However, Page said that, “by the time we get through '18, I think there's a high chance we will be relying on that bonding to cover our needs.”
Nicolello replied that lawmakers did not authorize the borrowing as “a fallback position for the county to pay for any other expenses that came forward. So from our perspective, if you're not using it now, we may consider withdrawing that authorization.”
Nicolello noted that Curran, in a budget proposal submitted to NIFA on March 15, proposed $3 million in new or increased fees, although he was against some of them, including a hike in red light camera fees.
“To come back and now ask us to have the residents of Nassau County pay more in fees, when the money is already there to pay this judgment,” Nicolello said, . . . you have eroded whatever good faith exists. . . . We will be very skeptical as we go forward for the rest of this year.”
Former County Executive Edward Mangano, a Republican, had set aside money to cover the settlement amount.
Earlier this year, Deputy County Attorney Conal Denion said Curran wanted to spread the settlement costs over 15 years. Using cash to pay the judgment, Denion said, would create an immediate $45 million deficit, as the money was not accounted for in either the 2017 or 2018 budgets.
Martino said in an email that “The County Executive acted in the best interest of the taxpayers by reserving the right to bond a settlement and provide flexibility in the 2018 budget.”
Also at the hearing, the county comptroller's office released a fact sheet showing there was a $48.9 million budget deficit for 2017, according to preliminary unaudited results from Nassau's five primary operating funds.
Officials said the county last year had lower than expected revenues, including $3 million less from Nassau Off Track Betting Corp. and $6.3 million less from a Federal Transit Authority grant that had yet to be received. Also, revenues from various county departments fell short by about $6.6 million.
Dr. Norman Buckley, scientific director of the Michael G. DeGroote Institute for Pain Research and Care at McMaster University, also heads the Chronic Pain Network through a five-year funding arrangement with the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. He said the aim is to train researchers and translate that knowledge into policy action.
"Guys come in, they sit in my office and cry because they can't pick up their grandchildren," Buckley said of patients with back pain, one of the most common chronic-pain conditions, along with arthritis.
While groups including PainBC and SaskPain are working to get provincial funding for multidisciplinary pain clinics, Quebec leads the country with a strategy that incorporates care as well as research.
Jacques Laliberte, immediate past president of the Quebec Association of Chronic Pain Patients, said that in 2010, the province established centres of expertise at hospitals linked with four of its universities before creating regional centres to provide chronic-pain services.
"Our main activity right now is to have support groups throughout the province of Quebec and we have about 17 of them," said Laliberte, who nearly broke his neck in a snowboarding accident in 2003 before taking on the role of leading the association he helped form at the urging of a doctor.
More regional centres are needed in Quebec, Laliberte said, adding: "We're still striving to get chronic pain understood by decision makers."
In Ontario, the provincial government enhanced funding in 2016 for its current 18 multidisciplinary clinics as part of a pain management plan that includes a strategy to prevent opioid addiction. It also expanded training for primary care providers via case-based learning and video-conferencing sessions to manage chronic pain, the province's Health Ministry said in a statement.
"A data-driven national pain strategy would help inform ministry work in Ontario," it says.
Dr. Owen Williamson, president of the Pain Medicine Physicians of B.C. Society, said chronic pain affects one in five Canadians, many of whom develop anxiety and depression.
"There's more disability associated with chronic pain than with hypertension, diabetes, HIV and even cancer," he said.
"It's a $60-billion drain a year on our economy," said Williamson of visits to doctors' offices, emergency-room and surgeries.
Williamson, who treats patients at a clinic in Surrey as part of a team of health-care providers including physiotherapists, psychologists and social workers, said Australia has led the way with its national pain strategy.
"For example, in New South Wales, they've shown greater access to pain management services, pain and disability outcomes are better, the use of opioids has been reduced, deaths through suicide are reduced and there's been a reduced impact of the cost of managing pain."
Canada needs "political champions" in order to create its own pain strategy, he said.
Health Canada has not committed to any action. It said in a statement it's aware of "recent calls for a national pain strategy, including those proposed by the Chronic Pain Network and the Canadian Pain Society, and understands the importance of a responsible approach to pain management for Canadians."
— Follow @CamilleBains1 on Twitter.
By Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Saturday Sports: Super Bowl Time NPR's Scott Simon talks with Howard Bryant of ESPN about what's happening in the world of sports — including Sunday's Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles.
Is ‘A Great Awakening' Ahead For Our Country?
President Trump Hints At ‘Traumatic Event' Ahead As Globalists Plan Massive False Flag Attacks To Stop Rebirth Of America By Stefan Stanford – All News Pipeline
While Democrats have done a face plant over the forthcoming release of the FISA memo, Monica Crowley recently joined Fox News as heard in the first video below and told us “This is the first of several memos. As bad as this memo might be, my understanding is that there is worse coming down the pike.” That's right Democrats, whatever we learn today from this memo, there's WORSE to come.
With twitterites getting #MemoDay trending on Twitter along with #GreatAwakening, we got a great hint of where this memo is leadingfrom President Trump who tweeted this morning, slamming the top leadership and investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department, warning Americans that they have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans. Also claiming that what he was witnessing was something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago, he also reminded us that most FBI agents are great people.
Yet we all remember, a fish rots from the head down.
And with Nancy Pelosi recently saying that ‘the memo' is just a cover-up to protect ‘President Bush', (that being at least the 6th time she's called President Trump ‘President Bush'), it's easy to see that ‘the head' is already rotten.
And now from the Washington Examiner we get the first peak at the contents of ‘the memo' which confirms much of what independent media has been saying all along, our justice system was weaponized against President Trump in the deep states bid to get Hillary Clinton elected. The full memo is embedded at the bottom of this ANP story. From the Washington Examiner story:
The House Intelligence Committee has released its controversial memo outlining alleged abuses of secret surveillance by the FBI and Justice Department in the Trump-Russia investigation. Here are some key points:
* The Steele dossier formed an essential part of the initial and all three renewal FISA applications against Carter Page.
* Andrew McCabe confirmed that no FISA warrant would have been sought from the FISA Court without the Steele dossier information.
* The political origins of the Steele dossier were known to senior DOJ and FBI officials, but excluded from the FISA applications.
* DOJ official Bruce Ohr met with Steele beginning in the summer of 2016 and relayed to DOJ information about Steele's bias. Steele told Ohr that he, Steele, was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected president and was passionate about him not becoming president.
The FBI and Justice Department mounted a monthslong effort to keep the information outlined in the memo out of the House Intelligence Committee's hands. Only the threat of contempt charges and other forms of pressure forced the FBI and Justice to give up the material.
In some amazing overlooked comments that President Trump made the day before the State of the Union we also get a look at what might be the inner workings of ‘false flag events' as reported in this January 30th PBS News Hour story. Let's look at President Trump's comments in light of 9/11, Pearl Harbor and numerous other ‘huge events' that have briefly unified America. Is President Trump hinting at a huge war or event ahead? He makes clear he wants to avoid it.
Hours before his first State of the Union, President Donald Trump said Tuesday that he wants to unite the country amid “tremendous divisiveness” and hopes he can do so without a traumatic event affecting Americans.
Trump spoke about creating a more united country during a lunch with a number of television news anchors. Trump said the United States has long been divided, including during the impeachment of former president Bill Clinton. Trump also said that Americans usually come together during times of suffering.
“I would love to be able to bring back our country into a great form of unity,” Trump said. “Without a major event where people pull together, that's hard to do. But I would like to do it without that major event because usually that major event is not a good thing.”
The president also said the country's divisions date back to both Republican and Democratic administrations, citing the scandals that led to Clinton's impeachment by the House in 1998.
“I want to see our country united. I want to bring our country back from a tremendous divisiveness, which has taken place not just over one year, over many years, including the Bush years, not just Obama.” he said.
According to this new story from Mike Adams over at Natural News, when the FISA memo is released, watch for massive, coordinated censorship and “glitches” across Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
As we reported on Thursday on ANP after Wednesday's train crash of Republican leaders heading to a retreat in West Virginia, in this potentially dangerous time period, all eyes and ears should be open and Americans ready for anything.
With President Trump's approval rating across the US popping up to 49% according to this new Rasmussen poll following the best State of the Union speech we'd ever heard in our lives, we get an absolutely fabulous analogy of the train crash recently shared with ANP by Steve Quayle from Pastor David Lankford.:
Sharing is caring!
Small Penis Sex Positions
If You're Self-Conscious About Your Size, You'll Want To Master These Positions
A lot of guys have hang-ups about size – no matter where we may in reality sit on the “what is average” size equation. Not having a large penis is nothing to feel insecure about: The old adage is true, it's not what size you have, it's how you use it.
Still, if you do feel you have a smaller than average penis, there's absolutely some sex positions and techniques that can help ensure you both have more pleasure.
“Since the average penis size is around 5 inches fully erect, it's tough to use the terms "bigger" penis and "smaller" penis, plus I find it can add to the insecurities guys are dealing with on a regular basis. The truth is, many women are more satisfied with an "average"-size cock anyways, and remember... Sex isn't always just penetrative, i.e., *insert tab A into slot B,” says adult performer and sex educator Jessica Drake, star of Jessica Drake's Guide to Wicked Sex: Foreplay. That being said, says Drake, if you want to increase friction and tightness, try positions where the woman has her legs together.
Hitting Her Sweet Spot
Before we get into penis size, it's important to note that women experience two main types of orgasms: the more common clitoral orgasm and the elusive G-spot orgasm. “The clitoris is located outside of the vagina (no penis necessary), and your G-Spot is nestled just a few inches inside. This means you don't really need a massive member to hit her sweet spots. Pleasing your partner is really about picking sex positions that makes optimal use of what you've got,” says sexologist Dr. Emily Morse, host of the Sex With Emily podcast, author of Hot Sex: Over 200 Things You Can Try Tonight.
1. Modify Missionary
Skip positions like missionary, says Morse, which hinder your thrusting abilities and make it difficult for her to feel you as deeply as you both would like. “If you do go with a missionary-style position (which does provide the clitoral stimulation necessary to help most women reach orgasm), try lying flat against your partner pelvis-to-pelvis and scoot up a couple inches before penetrating her and rock up and down (instead of in and out),” says Morse.
“This move is called the Coital Alignment Technique (also known as the CAT position or “Perfect Position”). When employing this technique, the base of your penis will directly stimulate her clitoris making it easier for her to orgasm and making the size of your penis a non-issue,” says Morse.
2. Doggy Style
Another orgasmic option: the popular doggy style! “This position allows for some deeper penetration, plus it will enable your penis to rub against her G-spot and gives you direct access to her clitoris,” says Morse. From here, you can easily massage her clit using your hand or with a hand-held vibrator (like the JimmyJane Form 2).
3. Swivel And Grind
Whichever position you choose, remember that “in and out” is not the optimal motion for her pleasure. “Instead, try using a grinding motion with your hips or even a “swivel and screw” type of movement. These will make the most of your equipment and hit all of her pleasure spots,” says Morse. Another trick is to bring in some bedroom furniture, like the Liberator wedge, which can set you up in positions that allow for the deepest penetration possible. “The wedge is built to perfectly angle you in many popular positions for some targeted G-spot stimulation and extra-deep intercourse,” says Morse.
4. Girl On Top
Another great one to try is the woman-on-top position. “Being on top puts the perfect amount of pressure on her clitoris and allows her to control depth and angle of penetration. It also make it easier for her to move in a way that feels pleasurable for her, and will give your penis much better access to her G-spot (which, as I mentioned, is actually located just a couple inches inside her vagina),” says Morse.
5. Spins On Doggy Style
“My personal favorite is something I call Special Doggy. I'm on my stomach, totally flat on a bed with my legs squeezed together. The man enters from behind and thrusts not only in, but up,” says Drake.
RELATED READING: 63 Sex Positions You Should Try Tonight
All illustrations by Carleena Ranger.
Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot Three militia members go on trial Tuesday for plotting to bomb Somali immigrants working in the Kansas Meatpacking Triangle, a constellation of minority-majority, hardscrabble pioneer towns, that depend on foreign labor. Somali immigrants have all but abandoned one town, despite civic and police efforts to reassure them that they're safe there. Some residents want them to return.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The gloves come off with galaxy shattering consequences in Marvel's most epic superhero adventure yet.
It's a full-fisted multi-coloured cinematic smack in the face which knocks you out of your seat with its scope and energy.
Earth's mightiest heroes face their biggest challenge this extraordinary punch-up when an enormous intergalactic despot seizes the Infinity Stones.
Alien warlord Thanos is played by Josh Brolin with unrelenting gravel-voiced menace.
Once the stones are attached to his gauntlet of power, Thanos will be able to destroy half the universe in an instant.
(Image: Disney)
Though the Avengers superhero group was effectively disbanded at the end of 2016's Civil War, they reunite to stop Thanos.
Robert Downey Jr.'s Iron Man and Chris Evans' Captain America are at the forefront of the charge into action. Plus there's Thor, Spider-Man and the Guardians of the Galaxy and more, as the heroes run, fly and swing into battle.
(Image: Disney)
And with the billion dollar-making Black Panther still ripping up the box office, there's no surprise to find ourselves back in his African home country of Wakanda.
(Image: Youtube)
With the stakes so high the script is packed with jokes to ease the tension. They're spread through the huge cast. Inevitably some heroes go missing in action, and online speculation has been raging over which of the good guys survive the fight. However such is the series popularity, I imagine not even death could prevent anyone from returning, if only in flashback.
Ten years, 19 films and over £2.5bn in the making, the Marvel Cinematic Universe is a wildly ambitious and incredibly successful exercise in long-form cinematic storytelling.
Characterised by CGI-heavy blockbuster escapism, using A list acting talent and top drawer technicians, the series has dominated the marketplace for a decade by consistently delivering top grade popcorn entertainment.
(Image: Youtube)
Plus by introducing new characters and moving across formats from fantasy adventure to political thriller and heist movies has helped keep the series fresh and moving forward. The result has been a combined total of over £10bn at the global box office. There's a new Ant-Man film due in August and more films are scheduled through to 2022. With next year's sequel has already in the can, it looks as if Marvel's war on the box office will go to infinity and beyond.
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR
Cert 12A
Running time 149 minutes
SK's Take on Roman Reigns missing Monday Night RAW
Here's the surprising reason behind Roman Reigns' conspicuous absence from RAW.
Johny Payne SENIOR ANALYST News 31 May 2018, 01:19 IST 2.88K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Roman Reigns is arguably the hardest-working WWE Superstar today
Roman Reigns was conspicuously absent from this week's episode of Monday Night RAW, which in turn has set the professional wrestling community abuzz regarding the same.
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
Apparently, the belief is that the WWE have accorded Reigns a week off from his road schedule, owing to which he didn't appear at this week's edition of RAW.
After commencing his professional wrestling career in the WWE's developmental territories back in 2010, Roman Reigns made his main-roster debut alongside his Shield brethren Seth Rollins & Dean Ambrose in 2012.
One ought to note that since his aforementioned main-roster debut in '12, Reigns has been one of the most consistent performers on the WWE roster to date.
As noted time and again by professional wrestling pundits worldwide, the WWE does indeed currently regard Roman Reigns as the face of the organization, owing to which Reigns are prominently featured on the longest-running, weekly, episodic television show—Monday Night RAW.
Nevertheless, this week's edition of RAW that aired from Richmond, Virginia, didn't feature The Big Dog.
Additionally, Reigns is also not scheduled to perform at this week's RAW-branded live events.
We believe that the primary reason behind the WWE choosing not to feature Reigns on this week's episode of RAW is that the promotion has, in fact, granted him a week's leave.
The WWE's hectic road schedule is well-known for having the toughest athletes in the world succumb to the pressures of constantly traveling and performing at the highest levels of the sport all-year-round.
All signs point towards the fact that the WWE higher-ups have chosen to accord Reigns—who is considered to be one of pro wrestling's hardest-working performers today—a break from his schedule, which would allow him to rest.
Roman Reigns is presently involved in a feud with Jinder Mahal; with the duo set to compete against one another in a matchup at WWE's Money In The Bank pay-per-view.
The Money In The Bank PPV airs from the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois on June 17th.
Furthermore, fans can expect Roman Reigns to appear at next week's episode of Monday Night RAW that airs from the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas.
Reigns' leave of absence from the WWE, albeit for a week, further solidifies the magnitude of sacrifices and efforts that the WWE Superstars, as well as the promotion, puts into this industry, so as to bring the WWE Universe the best content possible.
Sportskeeda salutes the fighting-spirit of WWE and “The Big Dog” Roman Reigns.
Obama To Make His Presidential Farewell Address In Chicago
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Since George Washington penned his farewell address in 1796, announcing he would not seek reelection and laying out his hopes and fears for the nascent country, presidential farewell speeches have become an enshrined tradition in the peaceful and democratic transfer of power.
President Obama announced Monday that his farewell speech will be Tuesday, Jan. 10 in Chicago. It will be held at McCormack Place, the venue for Obama's 2012 Election Night celebration. In announcing the speech, Obama said he's just starting to write his remarks but he's "thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here."
Presidential farewell speeches have historically been a chance for presidents to defend their accomplishments and lay out their hopes for the future. In some cases, the speeches have included pointed warnings that reverberate long after the speech has ended. For example, in his farewell address on Jan. 17, 1961, President Dwight Eisenhower warned the country about the growing might of the military, and in doing so, coined the term "military-industrial complex," the relationship between the U.S. armed forces and defense contractors. NPR's Tom Bowman reported on the lasting impact of this speech in 2011, noting that it "has become a rallying cry for opponents of military expansion." Bowman said:
Eisenhower was worried about the costs of an arms race with the Soviet Union, and the resources it would take from other areas — such as building hospitals and schools. Bowman says that in the speech, Eisenhower also spoke as someone who had seen the horror and lingering sadness of war, saying that "we must learn how to compose differences not with arms, but with intellect and decent purpose." Another concern, Bowman says, was the possibility that as the military and the arms industry gained power, they would be a threat to democracy, with civilians losing control of the military-industrial complex.
In his farewell address on Jan. 15, 1953, President Harry Truman reflected on and defended his decision to drop the atomic bomb in Japan and mused about the start of the Cold War era. He said:
I suppose that history will remember my term in office as the years when the "cold war" began to overshadow our lives. I have had hardly a day in office that has not been dominated by this all—embracing struggle—this conflict between those who love freedom and those who would lead the world back into slavery and darkness. And always in the background there has been the atomic bomb.
President Ronald Reagan named the deficit as one of his regrets in his address to the nation on Jan. 11, 1989. He called out "popular culture" saying:
For those who create the popular culture, well-grounded patriotism is no longer the style. Our spirit is back, but we haven't reinstitutionalized it. We've got to do a better job of getting across that America is freedom. ... And freedom is special and rare. It's fragile. It needs production. So we've got to teach history based not on what is in fashion, but what is important.
In President Bill Clinton's speech on January 18, 2001, Clinton hailed the economic progress under his administration and called for the U.S. to be a beacon of freedom and peace in the world. He also saluted America's diversity, saying:
In our hearts and in our laws, we must treat all our people with fairness and dignity, regardless of their race, religion, gender or sexual orientation and regardless of when they arrived in our country, always moving toward the more perfect union of our founders' dreams.
George W. Bush delivered his farewell address on Jan. 15, 2009. Despite his dismal approval ratings and a limping economy, he said, "You may not agree with some of the tough decisions I have made, but I hope you can agree that I was willing to make the tough decisions." He also called Obama's election "a moment of hope and pride for our whole nation."
Obama leaves office with his approval rating at a seven-year high, according to Gallup. Despite Obama's conciliatory post-election speech about president-elect Donald Trump, and his administration's ongoing transition work, Trump tweeted on Dec. 28: "Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks. Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!"
With the country fiercely divided after the election, Obama is expected to continue to strike a hopeful tone about the incoming Trump administration. And with much of his policy legacy — including his executive actions on immigration and the Affordable Care Act — at stake, it's likely Obama will use his address to defend his actions.
Weather-related troubles were also evident on UK roadways. Photo: AP
London: Snow caused travel disruptions across central England and northern Wales on Sunday, grounding flights, shutting down roads and triggering traffic accidents.
Birmingham, London Stansted and London Luton airports briefly suspended flights as runways were cleared. The airports advised passengers to contact their airlines to check the status of flights.
Heathrow Airport just outside London, the busiest airport in Europe, expressed regret that weather conditions in the UK, resulted in disruptions for passengers.
“Airlines are responsible for ensuring their flights are fully de-iced before they are operated, and this is resulting in some delays and cancellations,” the airport said in a statement posted on Twitter.
Airports worked through the early evening to clear the backlog of flights. But in the world of interconnected air travel, the effects of any extended disruptions can persist for hours, with planes and flight crews quickly knocked out of rotation for their next assignments.
Weather-related troubles were also evident on UK roadways. Police advised people to stay home unless travel was critical.
The M1 motorway — the main highway between London and northeast England — was partially closed in Leicestershire.
Police in Wales warned against all but the most essential travel amid persistent snowfall that was forecast to last throughout Sunday. Strong winds slammed the Welsh coast.
The Met Office warned of wind and rain for London and southern England, with gusts of up to 70 mph (110 kph) predicted.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bedminster Pharmacy has turned its premises orange today in a bid to raise awareness of Meningitis on World Meningitis Day.
The independent pharmacy team is hoping to inform patients of the signs and symptoms of meningitis, while supporting charity Meningitis Now.
Bedminster Pharmacist Ade Williams says he is keen to raise awareness of the disease among the public and other pharmacists.
He said: “World Meningitis Day is a great day to begin raising awareness of the disease; meningitis can affect people of all ages, not just babies and children.
“Providing information about the signs and symptoms of the disease in a community pharmacy will help to save lives.
“Our initiative also supports the NHS England campaign encouraging families to visit and use their community pharmacy more.''
Pharmacy staff will be donning orange t-shirts, blowing up balloons and handing out Meningitis Now signs and symptoms cards, and information leaflets.
Tom Nutt, chief executive of Meningitis Now, added: “We are really pleased that Ade has taken the initiative to promote awareness of meningitis amongst the public and his pharmacy colleagues.”
“Raising awareness of the signs and symptoms of meningitis is vitally important, and this support on World Meningitis Day is a great opportunity to reach the South Bristol community with disease information.
“We would encourage and welcome other community pharmacies to work with us, because together we can make a big difference.”
The symptoms of meningitis
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Soccer AM star Tubes announced he suffered a major heart attack on Thursday.
The television star, took to his Instagram to share a picture of himself in hospital and thanked surgeons for their 'quick and efficient work'.
Tubes, 35, has received messages of support from across football after the revelation.
He is one of the cast members of the Sky show, which is now presented by John Fendley, Jimmy Bullard and Lloyd Griffiths.
Here is all you need to know about the TV star
(Image: Tubes / Instagram)
Profile
Tubes' real name is Peter Dale.
Tube has been a regular on Soccer AM over several years proving a popular member of the long-running Saturday morning programme.
He had a regular feature on Soccer AM where he would ask one of the celebrity guests 'one question and one question only'.
Who does he support?
Tubes is a Chelsea supporter and has regularly pictured himself at Stamford Bridge.
What is Soccer AM?
The show first aired in 1995 and its best-known presenters are Helen Chamberlain and Tim Lovejoy.
The popular programme was initially broadcast for four hours.
(Image: Rex Features)
A series of features have been shown over the years, including teammates, Skill Skool, Crossbar Challenge and Brad Bobley.
It is now shown on Sky One and Sky Sports Football at 10am on Saturday mornings.
Admission over drink problems
Earlier this year, Tubes admitted he has suffered with alcohol problems.
"2017 (and half of 2016) have been the best years of my life because I finally admitted I'm highly addicted to alcohol and enough was enough and had to stop.
"Just wanted to say a massive thanks to everyone for all your kind words and support."
We're all aware of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's meteoric rise to A-list celebrity status. We all know about how he was part of wrestling royalty thanks to his grandfather High Chief Peter Maivia and his father Rocky Johnson. We all remember how he was one of the biggest WWE Superstars ever thanks to his quick wit and graceful wrestling moves. Most of all, we saw how Rock's roles in films like Hercules, GI Joe: Retaliation and the Fast and Furious film series caused him to evolve into a bona fide movie star.
However, there are some tidbits about Rock's life and career that most fans may not be privy to. Me, being the superfan that I am (since 2004, baby!), can shed a little light on some lesser-known info on the man we've come to know and love as Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Here are five uncommon facts about The Rock:
1. He Saved A Kid's Life By Beating Him Senseless
Show some gratitude!
Growing up, The Rock had a bit of a temper. Flying off the handle usually got him into big trouble, but it actually helped a young acquaintance once upon a time. During an interview with Howard Stern in 2002, Rock admitted that when he was a teenager, he got into a physical fight with a kid near his age.
During the melee, Rock hit the boy so hard he suffered a head injury and had to go to the hospital. While treating the boy's head injury, the doctor located a brain tumor. If it weren't for Rock pounding away on the kid's head, the tumor may have never been found.
2. Rock Wanted To Play King Kamehameha But He Was Shut Down
[Credit: Akkiko_Y via Pixabay]
When Rock was first getting his feet wet in the movie industry, he dreamed of playing the role of King Kamehameha I, the monarch who united all the Hawaiian islands into one kingdom. Rock's desire to play the king made perfect sense considering his Polynesian heritage, as well as the fact that he lived in Hawaii for a time. Let's not forget that with that face and body Rock was made to play royalty!
However, the movie never came to fruition. The story goes that the reason the movie never saw the light of day is because Rock failed to request permission from the Hawaiian elders to make the film. Despite the fact that the elders loved and respected Rock and were proud of his success, not asking for their blessing to make a movie about the state's most beloved leader is a definite no-no.
3. Rock Played Football With Doug Flutie (Sort Of)
In the 2000 autobiography The Rock Says..., he goes into detail on how much he hated being on the Calgary Stampeders' roster during the Canadian Football League's 1995 season. Most people are well aware of all the hardships Rock faced while he was a part of the CFL — sleeping on a urine-stained mattress at a fleabag motel, practically starving and living off cans of spaghetti sauce, being cut from the team before even being able to play, and coming back home to Florida with $7.00 in his pocket (hence the name of his production company, Seven Bucks).
However, what most people don't know is that Doug Flutie was also on the Stampeders during the 1995 season. Rock and Flutie shared a two-minute conversation together about wrestling. They never spoke again during the season. Whether or not they've spoken since remains a mystery.
4. 'Ride Along' Almost Starred The Rock And Ryan Reynolds
Please excuse the EXTREMELY crass cut-and-paste job.
We've all heard of the buddy cop film Ride Along starring Ice Cube as the no-nonsense detective and Kevin Hart as the cop wannabe who wants to marry his sister. Initially, the idea for Ride Along was announced sometime in 2005, and was supposed to star Rock and Ryan Reynolds. Naturally, Rock was supposed to play Ice Cube's role, and Ryan was supposed to play Kevin's.
However, the project didn't come to fruition (at least not with Rock and Ryan at the helm). Almost 10 years later Ride Along was finally released in 2014 with Ice Cube and Kevin Hart in the starring roles. Rock himself would later star in a very similar film alongside Kevin Hart: Central Intelligence.
5. Rock Was Once Mistaken For A Crack Addict
He's high on life, not illegal substances. 'Southland Tales' [Credit: Samuel Goldwyn Films / Destination Films]
In 2006 Rock starred in his first and only independent film to date: Southland Tales. In the movie, he plays Boxer Santaros, a schizophrenic actor who seemingly has ties to all kinds of political intrigue, as well as the apocalypse. During an interview, Rock admitted that while he was shooting a scene in Julia Roberts's neighborhood, an elderly woman witnessed him reenacting a schizophrenic episode. When the director cut the scene, Rock gave the woman a friendly wave, to which she replied, "Get out of here, you crackhead! Go get high somewhere else!"
So, y'all just learned that Rock was a savior who came in the form of an ass kicker accused of being a crackhead by an old lady, committed a cultural faux pas that cost him an epic movie role, was considered for Ice Cube's part in Ride Along, and once conversed with Doug Flutie for five seconds. There are lots of other uncommon factoids I know about Rock, but if I revealed them all this article would be about the length of War and Peace.
What little-known details do you know about Rock? Can you answer the trivia question below? Try your luck or let us all know what lesser known scoop you have on Rock in the comments section!
London: Liverpool attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho was not included in the 22-man travelling squad for the first leg of their Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim, the Premier League club said on Monday.
According to reports in British media, Barcelona target Coutinho submitted a transfer request last week after Liverpool rejected a second bid worth 100 million euros ($117.96 million) from the La liga club.
Coutinho also missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw at Watford on Saturday due to a back injury, with manager Juergen Klopp conceding he had no control over the 25-year-old`s future at the club.
Under current UEFA rules, Coutinho's participation in the play-off round against Hoffenheim would not jeopardise a move in the current transfer window. The Brazil international will remain eligible to feature for another club in next month's Champions League group-stage.
The Merseyside club will also be without striker Daniel Sturridge, who has failed to recover from a thigh injury sustained during the pre-season.
Hoffenheim host Liverpool at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena on Tuesday before the two sides meet again at Anfield next week.
Captain Sarfraz proud of Pakistan young guns
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 00:12 IST
Britain Cricket - Pakistan Nets - Sophia Gardens - June 13, 2017 Pakistan's Sarfraz Ahmed during nets Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
By Ed Osmond
CARDIFF (Reuters) - Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed was understandably proud of his inexperienced team following their unexpected and emphatic eight-wicket victory over hosts England in the Champions Trophy semi-finals on Wednesday.
Pakistan, the lowest-ranked side in the tournament, lost heavily to India in their opening match but victories over South Africa and Sri Lanka sent them into the last four.
"After the first loss we were very down, but credit goes to the team management," Sarfraz told a news conference. "They boosted us up really well. I'm very happy about how my youngsters are performing."
Pakistan, without their leading fast bowler Mohammad Amir due to injury, bowled England out for 211 with 23-year-old seamer Hasan Ali taking three wickets to earn the man-of-the-match award.
"Credit goes to the bowlers," Sarfraz said. "They bowled really well, especially in the middle part. Hasan is improving day by day."
Sarfraz is confident about Pakistan's chances in their first Champions Trophy final on Sunday when they will face local rivals India or Bangladesh.
"I said after the loss to India if we play good cricket, definitely we will win this tournament. Now we are in the final," he said.
Sarfraz is hoping Amir will be fit for the showcase game at The Oval.
"I think he (Amir) has a little bit of back spasm," Sarfraz said. "Hopefully, he will recover for the final. He's our best strike bowler."
(Editing by Toby Davis)
Let's Keep The 'Gate' Closed
Listening and reading from home the past few days, it was good to hear and see that we've treated mentions of "Spygate" as they should be — sparingly, in quotes and with attribution. We've made clear that it's a label being used by one side to try to frame a debate.
There are, of course, other reasons to resist simply starting to call something a "gate."
First, it's a cliché. We fight clichés like there's no tomorrow.
Second, as media columnist Rem Rieder put it, when the media tack "gate" on to a word it can come off as "lazy ... so predictable ... and really, really annoying."
Third, to paraphrase the late Lloyd Bentsen, we knew Watergate, Watergate was a real scandal, this one (or the next one) may or may not turn out to be another Watergate. We don't know yet. Let's not elevate something to "gate" status without very good reasons.
This guidance doesn't rule out some usages. "Deflategate" was, arguably, a word that let some air out of an over-inflated story.
But, we shouldn't try to pump up other ongoing stories by joining the rush to attach "gate" to their names.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A disgruntled steward has hit out at Ryanair claiming the airline 'only care about sales' - after bosses called for a ban on how much booze passengers can buy at airports before they board their flight.
MirrorOnline has this evening seen a list of individual crew targets on alcohol, cigarettes and even scratchcards, for each flight a member of crew works.
Ryanair announced today it wants to introduce a two-drink limit on how much alcohol passengers can buy in airport bars and restaurants - and insisted "very little alcohol is actually sold" on their flights.
But in an email about "August Targets" to staff, seen by the Mirror Online, each crew member is instructed to sell four "liquor" drinks, nine "hot or cold drinks" from the bar and five scratch cards per sector.
It also says each individual member of crew should sell "two cigs and two alcohols" per sector - as well as giving other targets for snacks, confectionery, fresh food, perfumes, cosmetics and gifts.
Staff are also told when selling snacks to "link sell with liquor" - and "all crew" are instructed they "must sell until 15 minutes to landing" on every sector.
"Individual targets will be checked and monitored daily," the email says.
(Image: Getty)
A sector, in airline terms, is a portion of an itinerary, or journey, which may consist of one or more legs - with a leg being the portion of a journey between two consecutive scheduled stops on any particular flight.
An employee who contacted MirrorOnline - and wanted to remain anonymous - said 'all they care about are sales.'
The member of staff also further claimed staff are "threatened everyday with disciplinary action."
The anonymous employee told Mirror Online: "Ryanair state that not much alcohol is sold on board yet they (set) the targets that their cabin crew in London Stansted bases receive everyday.
"Cabin crew are threatened everyday with disciplinary action."
(Image: Getty)
Our source told us there are four cabin crew on every flight, serving between 188 and 189 passengers.
The company announced earlier today that it wants to see a ban on alcohol sales before 10am and believes passengers should have to show their boarding pass before being served.
Ryanair said that the Civil Aviation Authority reported a 600% increase in disruptive passenger incidents in the UK between 2012 and 2016, with most incidents “involving alcohol”.
Ryanair says new rules, if introduced, would stop boozy travellers getting drunk while waiting for planes and causing trouble in the skies.
The firm said in a statement: "Ryanair has already taken a number of measures to prevent disruptive behaviour on its UK flights and customers are not permitted to consume their own duty-free purchases on board.
(Image: Moment RF)
(Image: PA)
"Customers flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza are no longer permitted to bring duty-free alcohol on board the aircraft - and those who have purchased duty-free alcohol will be asked to put it into the hold or leave their purchases behind."
Chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs added: "It's completely unfair that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences.
"This is a particular problem during flight delays when airports apply no limit to the sale of alcohol in airside bars and restaurants.
(Image: South Wales Echo)
(Image: PA)
"This is an issue which the airports must now address and we are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports, particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed.
"As the largest airline in Europe, Ryanair's number one priority is the safety of our customers, crew and aircraft and we operate strict guidelines for the carriage of customers who are disruptive or appear to be under the influence of alcohol.
"Given that all our flights are short-haul, very little alcohol is actually sold on board so it's incumbent on the airports to introduce these preventative measures to curb excessive drinking and the problems it creates, rather than allowing passengers to drink to excess before their flights.”
Ryanair's head of communications Kenny Jacobs said: “These claims are untrue - no crew are 'threatened everyday with disciplinary action'. Cabin crew are incentivised to sell ancillary products on board and are rewarded with sales bonuses.
"The safety of our customers, people and aircraft comes before all other considerations including sales, and cabin crew have full discretion when it comes to selling or refusing to sell alcohol to passengers on board.
"Furthermore, all of our flights are short–haul, so very little alcohol is actually sold on board, which is why the issue lies with the airports.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASS TOWNSHIP, Pa. - Pennsylvania State Police are searching for the person who killed a dog by burying it alive in a cage.
Workers at the Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA say this is the worst case of animal cruelty they've ever seen, according to WNEP. They say when they found the dog's body near Minersville, there was no doubt it was intentionally left there to die.
Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA workers took photos to show the gruesome discovery - dog cage buried in the ground, covered with some old pieces of wood.
"I was in shock. I've never seen anything like what I have seen. It was horrid. Horrid. I don't even have the words to explain it. Barbaric. Tortured. Horrid," said animal cruelty officer Bridget Barder.
The SPCA got a call over the weekend that led animal cruelty officers into the woods off Thomaston Road near Minersville. There they found a pit bull locked in a cage that was partially buried in the ground.
"Whoever did this went to great effort and was sick," said SPCA manager Lori Sult. "They basically built a torture chamber for this dog."
SPCA workers estimate the dog had been left there for about two months.
Workers say it appears the dog starved to death.
SPCA manager Lori Sult says that whoever left the dog in the woods had options. They could have taken it to either one of the two SPCA facilities in the county.
"If you don't want to deal with the SPCAs, not that it would be the right thing to do, but if you're going to dump an animal, just release it," Sult said.
Now that state police are involved, Sult and the rest of the SPCA community are hoping the person responsible will be brought to justice.
"This dog died a horrible, horrible death. There was just so many other options. The dog did not have to die this way."
The Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA is offering a reward for information on this case. If you know anything about the dog, you're asked to contact state police in Frackville.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to contribute to the reward.
England has beaten Colombia by a nerve-rackingly narrow margin to secure a spot in the World Cup quarterfinals. But inside Spartak Stadium, the majority of the revelers were crestfallen by the outcome.
Maud Start — After Eric Dier scored his team's final unexpected penalty, instead of erupting, Spartak Stadium was wrapped in a disappointed hush; not because the England fans weren't happy, but because they were significantly outnumbered by Colombian supporters in the stands.
READ MORE: What's All This About Russia, England Fans Getting Friendly in Red Square?
Edward Walters is a plumber from Walsall. He traveled all the way to Russia to see the Colombia-England match and was hoping to celebrate the win with his fellow England fans in the stands. Instead, Walters reckons there were "ten Colombian's to every one England fan." He sat behind the goal where the penalties were taken during the shootout, saying that there were "only about six England fans to chant with." That's not to say that England fans weren't there. Some were at other end of the stadium, but many of them were outside with cardboard signs, hunting desperately for tickets. A tricky game to play, given the illegality of ticket touting and sheer quantity of Colombians and Englishmen looking to purchase second-hand tickets.
Football fans near the Spartak Stadium in Moscow ahead of England-Colombia match © Sputnik / Maud Start
Football fans near the Spartak Stadium in Moscow ahead of England-Colombia match © Sputnik / Maud Start
Football fans near the Spartak Stadium in Moscow ahead of England-Colombia match © Sputnik / Maud Start 1 / 3 © Sputnik / Maud Start Football fans near the Spartak Stadium in Moscow ahead of England-Colombia match
Why were the England fans so unprepared?
Craig Luke and his mate Adam from Liverpool, have a very simple answer: "Because we're stupid!" They're putting themselves down, as the pair are also very spontaneous.
"We only planned to come to Russia yesterday morning at ten o'clock. We bought a ticket for the Belgium game against Switzerland. We didn't see that game, because we were on the plane when the game was on. We thought we'd be able to get a ticket outside the grounds. We'll be able to get them later in the tournament, but for this game, the whole place is just full of Colombians. They've got all the tickets."
England are usually very well represented in the World Cup tournaments. This year has been different. The crowd outside the stadium was a sea of yellow, with the Colombian stripes dominating the color scheme. A few rogues, white-shirted England fans tried to hype up their side of the match. Of all the England fans at Spartak, perhaps the best dressed of them all was Derrek, from Barnsely, who is dressed in full (polyester) armor, channeling his inner St. George.
"Unfortunately, the security guards confiscated my sword, otherwise I would be here knighting people."
Derrek and his three friends have been to all the England matches so far in the tournament. They had their tickets pocketed from the moment the draw was made. They seemed rather angered by the sorry representation of England supporters, but they said that it's not the fault of the English fans.
"The media spent two years putting all the England fans off going to Russia. That, and the government scared ‘em off with all the propaganda, saying this is an unsafe country. It's not an unsafe country. We're not in the suburbs, or the ghetto, we are in the middle of a well-developed city."
To Derrek, the experience of city-hopping through Russia has only cemented the theory that "the stuff we were told was not much more than just lies," and people at home in England are starting to jump onto his bandwagon. That's why Adam and Craig Luke made the spontaneous decision to travel to Russia and try their luck for tickets outside the stadium. They weren't the only ones. While some of hopeful fans gave up on the ticket hunt early on, traipsing off to watch the match in a bar, others (Craig and Adam included), managed to find tickets.
At least one man was a little less fortunate. He was observed purchasing an extortionate $600 ticket from a ticket tout, but his bad luck didn't end with being ripped off: walking toward the stadium with a big grin plastered onto his face, he was approached by an undercover policeman. The smile instantly disappeared from his face as the policeman revealed his badge, tore his ticket in half and dragged him away. Six hundred dollars down the drain and World Cup dreams shattered in an instant.
Turning up to the tournament without a game plan is a risky business, but in order for the England team to be properly represented in Russia, some kind of spontaneity is required. For those wishing to celebrate England's win among other like-minded revelers, perhaps a pub in the homeland is the best bet after all.
Levante grabbed a late equaliser to earn themselves a deserved draw as Real Madrid threw away the lead twice.
Madrid had dominated the first half, and led through Sergio Ramos' header early on, with the Spanish defender rising to head home a corner for his 50th league goal for Real.
But Levente struck back when Emmanuel Boateng equalised with a well-placed shot after Jose Morales' initial effort was saved by Keylor Navas.
Zinedine Zidane's men looked to have done enough for the win when Isco smashed home from inside the box after Karim Benzema's cut back.
But the drama was not over as Giampaolo Pazzini ensured the hosts earned a point for their efforts when Navas failed to keep his shot out with just minutes remaining.
Levante: Oier, Pier, Doukoure, Lerma, Morales, Coke, Ivi, Postigo, Lukic, Boateng, Luna
Subs: Vegas, Roger M., Bardhi, Pazzini, Cabaco, Lopez, Jason
Real Madrid: Navas, Carvajal, Ramos, Varane, Marcelo, Kroos, Modric, Casemiro, Bale, Ronaldo, Benzema,
Subs: Casilla, Nacho, Theo, Lucas V., Asensio, Isco, Kovacic
SABETTA, Yamal, Russia, March 30 Russia can and will become the world's largest liquefied natural gas (LNG) producer, President Vladimir Putin told the chief executives of Novatek and Total via video link on Thursday.
Russia's Novatek and France's Total, along with Chinese partners, are preparing to launch Yamal LNG, which will be Russia's second LNG plant, this October.
Putin said on Thursday that he would continue to support projects such as Yamal LNG. Novatek is currently studying the possibility of building another LNG plant, Arctic LNG-2. (Reporting by Olesya Astakhova; Writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Alexander Winning)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manuel Neuer has stepped up his comeback from injury with Germany by playing 30 minutes in a test match.
The Bayern Munich star is aiming to overcome a broken foot that has kept him out since September.
In his absence, Joachim Low has Barcelona shot-stopper Marc-Andre ter Stegen, leaving him with a tough predicament.
Bernd Leno and Kevin Trapp are the other options in Die Mannschaft's provisional squad, with one of those two set to be cut on Monday on FIFA's deadline for final squads.
Neuer featured against Germany Under-20s with the senior side winning 7-1 at the training base in Italy.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Bongarts)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The next step for Neuer is to return to competitive action in the friendly against Austria this Saturday.
The final friendly will be against Saudi Arabia on June 8 before Low's final decision over who keeps goal will be made.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Germany kicks off the defence of their title against Mexico on June 17, four years after triumphing in Rio de Janeiro against Argentina.
South Korea and Sweden are the other opponents for Die Mannschaft in Group F.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Virginia knows Duke quarterback Daniel Jones is a different — and more improved — player than he was a year ago.
Jones was just a freshman last season when Virginia travelled to Duke, and the Cavaliers' plan to pressure and rattle the young quarterback worked. He threw five interceptions and fumbled the ball away once, and in a season when the Cavalier won just one other game, they rolled over the Blue Devils, 34-20.
"Last year he was young but he's gotten a lot of experience," defensive end Juwan Moye said this week. "He likes to run a lot. He's really confident in his game. He's a solid piece. Like last year we knew that if we got to him we could own the game. I think we're going to have the same game plan, but he's going to be a lot tougher."
The Cavaliers (3-1, 0-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) look to be as well. They are off to their best start after four games in a decade, but have no expectations that it will be an easy game against Duke (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday.
Jones has 172 rushing yards, third on the Blue Devils, and has run for three touchdowns.
But Virginia is feeling better about itself than it has in quite some time. The Cavaliers are coming off a 42-23 victory at Boise State two weeks ago — the Broncos' worst home loss in 16 years — and had last weekend off.
Their play has gotten the attention of coach David Cutcliffe and his players.
"We have reason to prepare well, because they're a solid football team with a quarterback playing well," Curcliffe said, speaking of Kurt Benkert. "They've got a running game, they've got skill people. ... They're very systematic, do a good job of it. Defensively, they are as consistent with their system as anybody we will play."
As for Jones, Cutcliffe's approach is pretty much that that was last year.
"You know he knows in his mind what happened and he wants to prove himself and play better," he said. "What Daniel's got to do is make sure the people around him are in position to make plays and just do what he does best."
Following a livestream that's proven we really don't need vaults to perform sick social experiments, Bethesda has finally confirmed that it's going to be releasing a new game known as Fallout 76.
At the moment not much is known about Fallout 76 and what the game will involve but you can watch the trailer for yourself below. It shows a resident of Vault 76 getting ready for what appears to be Reclamation Day:
Of course, while we don't know anything about the game, we do know some small things about Vault 76. It's mentioned in both Fallout 3 and Fallout 4 as one of 17 planned “control” vaults with around 500 people in it, designed to open 20 years after any nuclear war. These vaults were used as a baseline for results of experimental vaults.
This suggests that the game will be set much closer to the aftermath of the nuclear war than most other Fallout games and the song West Virginia playing in the background we're willing to bet the setting is around the Washington DC area. Could we be playing as one of the first people to venture into the Wasteland after the war?
Kotaku's Jason Schreier has suggested that the game will involve online gameplay of some kind (though not MOO gameplay). Certainly, if this is the early days of the Wasteland we're not sure we'd like to venture alone. However, nothing has officially been confirmed with regards to gameplay or even platform just yet.
The livestream, which first went live on Twitch on May 29, had been going for just under a full day before the trailer. With nothing more than a Vault Boy figure and a TV with ‘Please stand by' on the screen, the stream managed to hold the attention of tens of thousands of people at a time.
Just before the trailer went live there were more than 153,000 people watching the stream at the one time and we're certain we never saw the number drop below 30,000.
Admittedly, sometimes members of the team behind the stunt would appear on screen to perform a puppet show, scatter some confetti, or move the Vault Boy watch which was eventually added, with every movement being seized upon by those watching as some kind of clue about what was to come.
With this tease out of the way, we now know we'll see more from the game during Bethesda's show at E3 2018.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
YouTube sensation Eli catches the attention of Shane Warne
Aditya Joshi FOLLOW ANALYST News 198 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:53 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Melbourne Stars Media Call
Cricket in the subcontinent has the reputation of making for the most fascinating of fairytales. There are stories of prodigies, cricketers coming from obscurity and attaining superstardom against all odds, but with global connectivity via social media, these aspiring cricketers get their due share of recognition throughout the world. One such story has recently emerged out of Pakistan.
Eli Mikal Khan, all of a tender then six years of age, had his video posted on YouTube and other platforms showcasing his unbelievable penchant for leg-spin bowling. He was seen bowling with an action, flair, and execution of spin with a poise far too great for his age. Inevitably, comparisons with the greatest wrist-spinner of all time, a bloke named Shane Keith Warne, were drawn leading to the legend himself praising the wunderkind's enviable assortment of skills.
"I saw this video saying: I'm going to be the next Shane Warne' and I thought: 'Wow, how good is this!'," Warne said of seeing the youngster's bowling action for the first time. Later Eli was picked by Laureus Sports as one of the nominations for Sporting Moment of the Month
This was such a special moment for me and young Eli. He is such a wonderful young boy - please give the little guy your vote as he deserves it! Keep up the great work buddy ! Thankyou for your vote followers #LaureusSportingMoment “ https://t.co/xFwgpddp6n — Shane Warne (@ShaneWarne) July 3, 2018
Warne then took the acknowledgement one step further this time and in a collaboration with Laureus, himself spoke to the seven-year-old on video chat to give him perhaps the most exhilarating experience and the best source of praise of the kid's life. Eli was clearly not ready for the gravity of the situation, tearing up with overwhelming emotions of excitement, as any boy his age would have been.
Warne's words of encouragement will surely spur the young boy and will do nothing but drive him even more towards the greatness in the world of cricket, that he very naturally seems destined for. Who knows, one day this aspiring cricketer from the remote city of Quetta will go on to be the next big thing? Afghanistan's Rashid Khan too has a similar story, being touted for big things from a very young age, and behold, today he stands as the #1 ranked bowler in the ICC T20I rankings.
It is not just Eli, there are numerous such boys all over Pakistan making a name for themselves very few days into their cricketing days. With numerous role models to look up to, they certainly seem to enrich the future of Pakistani cricket.
Preparing for the Inevitable American Gun Ban – Part 2 by Rector – Survival Blog
A full gun ban in the United States is inevitable. In part one of this three-part series, I begin to outline the cultural, legal, and demographic reasons I believe this is the case. Let's continue looking into the changing demographics of the United States and its subsequent affect on the political landscape.
The Enemy Has A Vote
In my former life as an Infantry officer in the U.S. Army, we were fond of saying that “the enemy has a vote”, meaning that our best laid plans were likely to be undone by enemy action. Rest assured, the statists and gun control activists are planning and influencing government, just like we are. The American left is openly discussing how gun registration and confiscation “solved” the gun violence “problem” identified after the mass shooting in Port Arthur Australia in 1996.
I personally cannot stand reading leftist ramblings, but you should maintain awareness of the seriousness with which confiscation is being proposed. Read for yourself here, here, and here. Remember that just 3% of Americans own 50% of all firearms. It's a big deal to you and me but not so much for the 70% of Americans who don't own guns of any type. Are 1-2% of us (called “super enthusiasts”) really going to keep the rest of the country at bay indefinitely? We are outnumbered, and it is getting worse.
Bureaucracy – Not Midnight Raids
While an abrupt confiscation scheme is a “statist fantasy”, as summarized here on these very pages by our Editor Mr. Rawles, the left recognizes this fact and will plan accordingly. Rather than shocking the national psyche, they will accomplish confiscation via registration through incremental legislation over time. As we have seen after every major shooting spree, whether real or fabricated, the push for more gun laws is their first instinct. Once the left has solid majorities in government, you can expect Federal law to look a lot like California, and eventually the United Kingdom.
While I agree with the sentiment that many, many Americans will refuse to turn in or register weapons, we can look at our experience with “machine gun” registration for insight into the future. The National Firearms Act of 1934 (NFA) requires the registration of fully-automatic firearms, suppressors, short barreled rifles, and short barreled shotguns. The Gun Control Act of 1968 placed “destructive devices” under the NFA and prohibited the importation of fully-automatic firearms for private purposes. The Hughes Amendment in 1986 prohibited the domestic manufacture of fully-automatic weapons for private ownership.
Violations of the these laws are a felony offense, which can carry a ten year prison sentence, a $10,000 fine, and the loss of the right to own firearms in the future. I would propose that the vast majority of gun owners would not risk the penalty to possess an unregistered NFA item, and for good reason; the rewards aren't worth the risk. Accordingly, most NFA items were dutifully registered in the various amnesty periods that were offered by the Federal government.
Your Personal Response
Consider your personal response if Congress placed all semi-automatic firearms under the NFA and required immediate registration of these items. You could keep them as long as they were registered and taxed as a Class III item. Would you register them all? What would you do with any unregistered guns? Are you going to risk an armed standoff in the absence of a “revolution”? Are you going to “go down fighting” over this incremental step? Did you know that lying to a Federal Agent is itself a crime punishable by prison time? What will you say when they ask about your neighbor's firearms? Will he say something about your collection? What would a peek at your browsing history reveal about your interest in firearms? How would you explain a long ago purchase of 1,000 rounds of 7.62X51 without a “registered rifle” on your list?
Once the registration has been accomplished, refusniks will become a law enforcement problem. Do you shed a tear now when some idiot converts an AR into select-fire weapon and gets arrested for doing so? I propose that most “responsible gun owners” will register their weapons, just like their grandfathers did in 1934 and 1968. You will, too.
Take Action Now
Demographics is destiny, and destiny requires action now. The future has already been determined. You may disagree with some or all of my conclusions, but it is my belief that reasonable and fully legal action now is a wise course of action, given the strong possibility that a dramatic change to gun regulation is inevitable. The next section will provide guidance on how to protect your gun collection from future registration and confiscation.
Sharing is caring!
File photo. Students shouting slogans against railways demanding jobs from the government. Photo: AFP
Mumbai: Scores of agitated students demanding jobs in railways on Tuesday blocked rail traffic, including suburban services between Matunga and Dadar stations, causing difficulties to lakhs of commuters, a central railway official said.
The students blocked the rail track at 7am, forcing railway to stop the suburban as well as express train in the affected section between Matunga and CSMT. Entire four lines are affected between Matunga and CSMT.
Police and railway official are having talks with them, the official said. “There has been no recruitment since last four years. We are struggling from pillars to post. Over 10 students have committed suicide. We cannot let such things happen,” a student who was part of the protest said.
“We will not budge from here until and unless railway minister Piyush Goyal come and meet us. Our several prayers made to DRM (Divisional Railway Manager of Mumbai Division) have failed,” another student said.
“Mumbai police along with GRP and RPF jawans are having talks with the students and railway's first priority was to clear the track first,” Chief public relations officer of central railway Sunil Udasi said. Students shouting slogans against railways held placard in their hands demanding one time settlement from GM quota and said that they demand jobs from government.
LEICESTER, England — Swansea climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw Saturday at Leicester, which was again missing midfielder Riyad Mahrez.
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian, who has not been seen by the club since his proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday.
Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training, although his absence Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to "clear his head."
It looked like he might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy.
Uber Say It Will Cooperate With Investigation After Pedestrian Killed In Arizona Uber says it is cooperating with an investigation into a fatal accident involving one of its self-driving vehicles over the weekend. A woman in Tempe, Arizona, was struck and killed as she was crossing a street outside of a crosswalk, according to police.
The Nest Hello video doorbell is coming to the UK, after having a North American launch at the end of 2017.
The smart video doorbell from Google-owned Nest will be available from June 13, and there are two different prices: £229 for just the doorbell, £329 for the doorbell plus professional installation.
The doorbell is what's commonly referred to as wired-wireless, with its power coming from wires but the connection to the internet happening over Wi-Fi.
Smarter than your average doorbell
Nest's entry isn't exactly hitting the market hot on the heels of its biggest competitor, as (Amazon-owned) Ring is already generations into its product cycle, so it'll be interesting to see if Nest is able to carve itself a niche in an already-establishing market.
When we were briefed about the Hello, we asked what would make a consumer choose Hello over its competition, and a Nest spokesperson said: I'm going to be blunt. We deliver a better experience. It's a security guard that won't sleep because we're powered all the time. The video is [optimised] for your front door. You can have a conversation without speaking. All-in-all we've developed an experience that is more complete.“
What he's referring to are the features that make Nest stand out. The aspect ratio of the image is 4x3 rather than 16x9 so you don't have to turn your phone on its side to look at the image, plus you get a full image of the person rather than just the face. Layered on top of this wide aspect ratio is computer effects that counter the warping you get with a standard fish-eye lens.
The ‘conversation without speaking' element is a feature that allows you to select from a set of pre-recorded soundbites (think along the lines of ‘Just leave it by the door' for delivery people) so that if you're in a meeting and your doorbell goes at home, you can respond to it with a tap of the app.
Currently these are fairly limited and there's no option to record your own messages, although we get the impression this feature may come at some point.
As part of the Nest family, if you are a subscriber to the club services, the Nest Hello will be able to use the portfolio of recognised faces in your account, and will actually be able to tell you who is at the door over your Google Home speaker or the app.
They are certainly some interesting (and genuinely useful) features, and if Nest does manage to take some market space, it wouldn't be the first time that Google had pulled off a move like this, with the Google Home smart speakers steadily gaining ground on Amazon's Echo range.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This distressing footage shows the moment a jealous wife filmed herself hanging her baby son as she suspected her husband of cheating on her.
Nareumon Jampasert, 28, recorded one-year-old Theeradej Saisupan with black rope tied around his neck as he suspended in the air - which the Mirror has chosen to censor.
The frightened child can he heard squealing in pain before he is hurled onto a bed where he continues to cry.
Scowling Nareumon then filmed herself threatening to kill the baby before she sent the sick footage to Jakrit Saisupan.
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
She said on camera: "You see, Joe. You care about people a lot. This is your son. This is a rope.
"Look at it. It's not dead. I do not kill it yet. Look at it. I will take it go to die somewhere. You have to wait to see me today.
"If you don't come back to take him you have to wait to see what happens today. You don't answer my phone, yeah."
Jakrit, 32, passed the video to his sister and mother who shared it online in a desperate bid to raise the alarm.
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
Authorities raced to the apartment in Bangkok, Thailand, on Friday afternoon at 4.30pm and arrested Nareumon and checked the young boy.
The mother appeared the next day at a press conference in which she broke down in tears and apologised.
She told officers that she was stressed because sales from her online shop had been low and she feared that her husband was seeing another woman because he was spending a lot of time at work.
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
She said: "I'm hurting a lot. The first thing I was thinking was that I wanted to kill myself. I did this to the baby because I wasn't thinking, and I was emotional.
"In my heart I'm thinking my husband does not care about his son, does not care about his wife.
"I took the baby and I wanted to do something to make my husband hurt. I took the video and sent to him.
"He sent to his sister and then they sent me the message to calm down and not do this. After I spoke with his family it was OK and me and the baby were sleeping."
(Image: Viral Press)
Police interviewed Nareumon but said it was a "family disagreement" after the boy's father said he did not want to take it further.
Lt Col Samat Gringaew said the baby did not have any injuries but would be checked again at hospital.
He added: "We will not proceed with charges against the mother because if she goes to prison, who will take care of the child?"
But police said that social workers - who initially wanted to seize the child - would speak with the family to ensure it was safe for the baby to return home.
The disturbing footage comes after a Thai father filmed himself hanging his 11-old-daughter live on Facebook in April.
The footage was widely shared online and led to the social media giant hiring 3,000 extra staff to police graphic content.
10 of the best Spanish players in the Premier League
We rank the best Spanish players to have played in the Premier League.
by Shambhu Ajith Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 19:26 IST
All too familiar atop the podium
If there's one nation that knows and showcases the reasons why football is called the beautiful game, it is La Furia Roja. The Red Fury took over the world after a pillaging run that started in the summer of 2008 and kept it up for half a decade. Well, slumps are not permanent and let's hope it is only a matter of time before they get back to their dominant best.
But for the while that they were at the helm, they thrived on the skills of master craftsmen who excelled at their trade across Europe.
Those Spanish lads are just really really good at football.
The Premier League is a tricky place for foreigners to flourish in. Many have arrived with lofty expectations and crumbled under its weight.
We take a look at 10 of the best Spanish players to have made a name for themselves and then some in the Premier League.
#10 Pepe Reina
Pepe Reina at Napoli
For 8 years, the Spaniard was Liverpool's number 1. He was not exceptionally brilliant and was always warming the bench internationally because, um, Iker Casillas.
But Reina, whom Benitez had the gall to dub the best goalkeeper in the world, made 400 appearances for Liverpool as their number 1. He was a solid guardian of the gates and managed to keep his promise of letting the net be unperturbed as much as he could. Well, you cannot overlook the importance of Jamie Carragher and Martin Skrtel but you know a good bald head when you see one.
He was the first goalkeeper and Spaniard to play in the top flight in England, Spain, Germany and Italy.
© Public Domain
Nearchus's Journey Down the Indus River
Colonialism hasn't changed much.More than 2000 years ago, when Alexander the Great conquered the Persia, he sent an ancient explorer named Nearchus to sail down the Indus River and map the lands ahead. It was a voyage filled with some strange and unnerving echoes of the explorers of the world to come.Like the men who first journeyed into the heart of the Congo, Nearchus sailed down a great river, discovering new tribes the Greek world never knew existed. And just like the explorers of the Congo, Nearchus was an admiral in Alexander the Great's army . He helped lead the Greek fleet into battle with Persia and helped them advanced through their lines. And when Persia had fallen on their feet, Alexander the Great sent him to travel down the Indus River and write down everything he saw.He was an explorer thousand of years before the Age of Exploration - one of the forgotten early men who ventured out into uncharted territories and came home with incredible stories of exotic animals and civilizations the likes of which the world had never seen.Read the rest of the article here
Our son is 18 now. A college freshman.
He still doesn't have a driver's license.
"It's really kind of a curious development," said John Heitmann, author of "The Automobile and American Life" and a history professor at the University of Dayton. "Of course, it's driving the auto industry crazy right now. They realize that so many young people are really not interested in their product anymore. That's why they're jazzing them up all with all these electronic goodies, thinking that's what will lure them back into the car."
Several factors have conspired to make the automobile much less of a must-have product for young people.
Most notably, a generation that has grown up on computers and smartphones views the car as nothing more than a major crimp on their lifestyle. When they're behind the wheel, they can't be on all their devices (at least not legally and safely).
This is perhaps the biggest challenge facing the car industry and, by extension, NASCAR.
"We have to get it right," said Dave Pericak, the global director of Ford's racing division. "If we get it right, the future will be bright. If we get it wrong, it's not going to be good."
The manufacturers are devoting plenty of resources toward making the automobile more attractive to future generations, knowing it has become a bit of an anachronism in our highly connected world, largely unnecessary when you can hook up with friends via the internet or get around heavily congested urban areas cheaply and with less aggravation using ride-share services such as Uber and Lyft.
"We've got to figure out how to better incorporate the technology and things that are important to them into our vehicles, so the vehicle will be an extension of them," said Pericak, who pointed to voice controls and autonomous cars as two of the most intriguing developments.
"Just like iPads and iPhones are an extension of who they are, an extension of their freedom. Our freedom was getting in a car and blasting down the road. It's just totally different now."
Adding to the challenge: Environmental concerns that are particularly relevant to young people, many of whom view racing as an energy-guzzling pursuit that, at least symbolically, contributes to climate change.
Pericak said it's not unfathomable to envision a time when stock cars are powered by electricity, not fossil fuels.
"It was a shocker to me," he said. "For the younger generation, the environment absolutely matters. The more we can look at hybrid technology and show responsibility as automakers, it will resonate with the younger generation. They will appreciate that."
In the meantime, NASCAR is taking numerous steps toward connecting with potential fans of the future.
Starting this year, free tickets were offered to those 12 and under for Xfinity and truck series races. More than 10,000 schools are using racing-related materials to study aerodynamics and NASCAR's "Three D's of Speed" — drag, downforce and drafting. There are summer programs designed to bring kids closer to the sport, and an increased emphasis on connecting with young fans through social media platforms.
Even that most traditional method of reaching the fan base — the paid sponsorship — often has a youth-oriented theme. For instance, two September races at Chicagoland Speedway were sponsored by Nickelodeon and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.
"There are a lot of kids that are growing up in a social media environment, whereas my generation didn't," said Dale Earnhardt Jr., long the sport's most popular driver but retiring at the end of the year. "They are on these different platforms and we need to go there with people they relate to, to connect to them in those areas."
Pericak isn't worried that racing will go the way of the dinosaur. He still sees a fascination with speed and high-tech machines that spans the generations. He knows we are still a nation that relies almost totally on the automobile to get around.
But the current trends do not bode well for NASCAR, even more so than other forms of racing.
The sports have always relied on the association they have with actual street machines, which is why they still pass off today's sleek racers as the Ford Fusion, Chevrolet SS and Toyota Camry. It's a selling technique that ties into America's long love affair with the automobile, a way to build brand loyalty and keep cars moving off the lots.
There was a time when cars such as the General Lee ("Dukes of Hazzard") and KITT ("Knight Rider") were the stars.
No longer.
And if fewer young people are driving, and even when they finally do it's more out of necessity than any affection for being at the wheel, it could strike at the very core of NASCAR.
It already is.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
AP Sports Writer Dan Gelston in Long Pond, Pennsylvania contributed to this column.
___
For more AP racing coverage: http://racing.ap.org/
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
Arkansas Pushes To Carry Out Executions, Fighting Court Rulings And The Clock
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly P. Kissel/AP Kelly P. Kissel/AP
Updated at 12:45 p.m. ET
Arkansas is making preparations for a series of executions that, as of late morning Monday, it is legally barred from carrying out. The state's attorneys are fighting to persuade judges to allow the executions — and to make the decision quickly.
The state had scheduled eight men to die over the course of 11 days, because one of the drugs it planned to use in the executions expires at the end of April. Gov. Asa Hutchinson said it wasn't clear whether the state could acquire additional supplies of the sedative midazolam.
Two of the executions had been stayed individually before all eight of them were blocked by a state judge and a federal judge.
The state judge's decision, reached Friday, was based on how Arkansas acquired another drug — vecuronium bromide, which is used in anesthesia as well as executions. A pharmaceutical supplier alleges that the state bought the drug deceptively, actively misleading the seller about what it would be used for.
That decision "stirred a wave of consternation and threats on social media from state lawmakers and conservatives," member station KUAR noted on Saturday — because shortly before the decision, the judge was photographed protesting the death penalty at the gates of the Governor's Mansion.
The federal judge's decision on Saturday, meanwhile, was in response to a lawsuit on behalf of the inmates that argued an execution with midazolam would violate their rights. Midazolam has been used in a number of high-profile botched executions, including instances where inmates did not appear to be fully sedated when they received the painful second and third drugs in the cocktail. The suit argued there was an unacceptably high risk they would suffer during the executions.
The judge determined that their concerns were sufficient to halt the executions for the time being, to allow the issue to be considered by the courts.
Hutchinson and state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge have been pushing to carry out the executions anyway. But they are on a tight schedule: Executions were scheduled to begin Monday night, and if the legal proceedings take more than two weeks, the midazolam supply will have expired before any of the executions can take place.
The state has appealed both rulings and asked the higher courts to work quickly to review the decisions. The inmates on death row, meanwhile, have asked the courts to take the time and avoid a "rushed analysis."
Arkansas' attorney general also asked the state Supreme Court to reconsider the stay it granted one inmate, over questions about his mental health; the court rejected that request, keeping that stay in place, the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reports.
As the legal battle plays out, the state's execution facility is prepared for a rapid reversal of the decisions.
If the rulings are overturned by Monday night, the state will be prepared to execute at least one inmate, according to local TV station KATV.
KATV, citing anonymous officials, reports that death row inmate Don Davis has been transferred to the unit where the state's Department of Correction was preparing to carry out executions.
"Davis' exact schedule for the day is confidential but as part of the death protocol, he will be meeting with counsel and a spiritual adviser," KATV reports. "Authorities say a last meal has also been arranged."
Arkansas hasn't executed anybody for more than a decade, partly because of a series of legal challenges to the state's death penalty laws.
Residents of Juja sub-county have decried the increased rates of crime in the area within the last few months. The residents now want the government to deploy assistant chiefs to help the now overwhelmed chiefs who cannot cover the vast region alone.
The sub county which has 5 locations has had chiefs with no assistants for over five years leading to the mayhem being witnessed in the area.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you pay to see Benjamin Clementine, you are not just simply paying to see an incredibly talented musician.
The 2015 Mercury Prize winner's sublime performance at Colston Hall on Friday night was pure theatre. It was beautiful, bizarre and wildly unpredictable. Quite frankly, it's not easy knowing how to translate some of it into words. It's rare, for example, to see a dozen mannequins on stage as there were here which, it transpired, was supposed a representation of Clementine's generation.
His sophomore album, I Tell A Fly, is further proof that he isn't afraid to do things in his own unique way, after it emerged he fought with the record label to let him go ahead with his idea - a concept album about two flies in love set against a backdrop of geopolitical strife. The situation became so tense that he threatened to return to busking in Paris, where his talents were discovered, if the label didn't let him.
(Image: Ania Shrimpton)
So it's safe to say the near sold out Colston Hall crowd were expecting a few surprises along the way. After the first few songs, including the thought-provoking ‘God Save The Jungle', the 28-year-old troubadour and his two backing musicians left the stage and marched through the stalls chanting ‘Porto Bello' in unison.
Their surprise escapade happened to coincide with three people returning to the main hall from the bar, who then found themselves surrounded by the singing trio for around a minute, much to everyone's hilarity - except theirs, judging by the puzzled looks on their faces.
(Image: Ania Shrimpton)
Expressing a jovial frustration at the number of people leaving to go to the bar, Clementine, helped by his backing musicians again, proceeded to block off all the exits to the main hall with some of the mannequins. With several of their limbs flying off as the trio frantically carried out the job it was a typically peculiar spectacle, but one which most of the audience seemed to enjoy.
But of course, while those moments and more were amusing, they weren't the primary reason people forked out for tickets. People were instead there to hear his breathtaking voice, and it was utterly brilliant throughout. His vocal range is simply phenomenal, with 'One Awkward Fish' and 'Phantom Of Aleppoville' being shining examples in particular.
(Image: Ania Shrimpton)
Considering I Tell A Fly is a rumination on migrants, refugees and displacement, it was no surprise that the show carried a number of political messages. The most stark coming at the end of the night when he read the opening to Oscar Wilde's 'The Selfish Giant', comparing it with Donald Trump's controversial immigration policies. He also destroyed his army of mannequins at one stage, twisting their torsos and limbs methodically before pushing them to the ground, which made for uneasy viewing and delivered a strong message.
After finishing with two of his finest releases, ‘London' and ‘I Won't Complain', his hugely captivating performance was met with a hearty, prolonged standing ovation from the crowd. It was more than deserved.
Obamacare Is First Item On Congress' Chopping Block
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Congress is back in session on Tuesday, and leaders of both houses say their first order of business will be to repeal Obamacare.
If they do that, it will be a slap in the face to President Barack Obama just three weeks before he leaves the White House. The Affordable Care is the outgoing president's signature achievement, marked by an elaborate signing ceremony in March 2010 at the White House, with lofty speeches from the vice president and Obama himself.
"Today, after almost a century of trying, today after over a year of debate, today, after all the votes have been tallied, health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America," Obama said that day, to long applause from the assembled crowd.
And Joe Biden famously leaned over to remind the president that it was "a big ***ing deal."
But Republicans have been vowing to repeal the law since the day it passed, and they'll soon have a sympathetic president in the White House to sign whatever bill they send him.
"We will repeal the disaster known as Obamacare and create new health care, all sorts of reforms that work for you and your family," President-elect Donald Trump vowed last month in Orlando.
That new health care plan hasn't been fleshed out yet by Trump or his allies in Congress. So they say they'll vote to get rid of Obamacare, but delay its demise until they come up with a replacement that will cover the millions of people who have insurance thanks to the law.
But insurance companies and health care analysts are worried.
"I don't see how you talk to any [insurance] carrier and give them any desire to hang around to see what they replace it with," says Dr. Kavita Patel, an internist at Johns Hopkins University Hospital and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. "Why would you stick around for that?"
Patel worked in the White House and helped create the Affordable Care Act. But she's not alone in her concern.
Last month the health insurance trade group America's Health Insurance Plans sent a letter to lawmakers asking them to keep in place many of the financial incentives that are central to the law — including subsidies for patients to help them buy insurance and cover copayments, and a provision that eliminates some taxes on insurers.
The American Academy of Actuaries also warned in its own letter that a repeal of the ACA without replacing it would be dangerous to the long-term health of the insurance market.
Still, Republicans appear determined to move ahead with the vote as soon as this week.
Some history:
Democrats rammed the Affordable Care Act through Congress in 2010 with no Republican support.
It was a huge, complicated law and, like most legislation, it was flawed. Over the subsequent six years, Republicans, who were angry at the way the Affordable Care Act was passed, refused to cooperate in any actions that would be seen as helping it succeed. Instead, they promised in speeches and television interviews to repeal it entirely. In fact, the House has voted more than 60 times over the years to do just that.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
"There's no getting around the fact that lots of Republicans campaigned hard against the ACA and a lot of them won, including the person at the top of the ticket," says James Capretta, a scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
But even with control of both chambers of Congress and with Trump in the White House, Republicans can't simply repeal Obamacare. They would need the help of at least a handful of Democrats to overcome a filibuster.
Democrats can't, however, filibuster budget bills. So Republican leaders have decided to defund Obamacare, eliminating the tax penalties for those who don't buy insurance and the subsidies to help people pay their premiums. Essentially, that guts the law's main elements.
The problem for Republicans is that today, an estimated 20 million people get their insurance through Obamacare. About 10 million buy policies through the exchanges set up by state and federal governments, and most of those patients get subsidies to help pay the premiums.
And millions more are covered because the law allows states to expand the number of people who are eligible for Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor.
So people who had pre-existing conditions that shut them out of the insurance market before the ACA passed, or people who had reached insurer-imposed lifetime benefit limits, generally like the law.
But, then there are people like Will Denecke, who is mad because his insurance costs have gone up since Obamacare passed. Before the law was enacted, he spent about $340 a month on health insurance.
"Incredibly, we got a notice from my health care company, Moda, which has been having financial problems, that my premium was going up to $930," he said last October.
He's a self-employed urban planning consultant in Portland, Ore., and, unlike most people in Obamacare, he makes too much money to qualify for government subsidies.
"I've had health insurance my whole life, but it's just offensive in principle to think of spending $1,000 a month on health care insurance when there is a good chance I won't need it," he said.
He was considering just letting his coverage lapse.
And, on the other side, you've got people like Leigh Kvetko of Dallas. She takes 10 medications every day because she's had two organ transplant procedures, and the drugs are part of her daily regimen to survive. After Obamacare passed, she was able quit her job at a big company and start a business with her husband, because she could finally get individual insurance.
"This particular plan, the fact that they cannot discriminate against me because of how I was born, was a lifesaver, literally," she says.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told the Washington Times last month that consumers needn't worry. "We can assure the American public that the plan they're in right now, the Obamacare plans, will not end on Jan. 20, that we're going to be prepared and ready with new options tailored for them," he said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Think of Christmas and you'll probably think about a home filled with laughter and chatter. But for some, the festive period can be terribly lonely, especially if you have lost a loved one.
Two groups of children from primary schools around South Bristol are working to change that.
Members of the Cosmos Children's Community Choir, the Merchants' Academy Primary Choir and Big Friendly Choir took to the stage in St George's on Friday, December 8, to bring some festive cheer.
It is an annual project by the Cosmos choir, which is made up of children from the Knowle West area. This year, they were joined by pupils from Merchants' Academy in Hartcliffe and the Big Friendly Choir, made up of elderly people from Bedminster.
Christmas carols rang through the hall, with the children's voices accompanying many who were more than 60 years older.
Frances Gee, 75, said singing was a great way to help cope with the death of a loved one, especially during the festive season.
“In our choir, there are people who have lost their husband and are finding it difficult to adjust,” she explained.
“There are people who come after their partners have died, and there are several people who are here for health reasons.
“I think singing is a mood changer for them. We have quite a few people who have mental health problems, and they come in quite depressed or down in the dumps, but singing changes all that.
“For people feeling that way or finding it difficult, it's the friendship and being around people and being supported.”
Singing with the youth choir gave the Big Friendly a new lease of life, Carol Rowe said.
The 74-year-old from Bedminster added: “It's absolutely wonderful. The children's enthusiasm and noise they bring just fills the place. They are so good at memorising the songs.”
Head of education at St George's, Catherine Freda, said: “We are delighted to be welcoming back these fantastic young choirs for their annual St George's lunchtime concert, with a sparkling selection of songs to welcome in the festive season.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump's ex-press secretary has slammed his former boss for not taking a harder line against the white supremacists after the Charlottesville tragedy.
Anthony Scaramucci l eft his post just 11 days after replacing Sean Spicer as press secretary, and gave his first interview since his resignation.
He told ABC's 'This week with George Stephanopoulos that he would have urged Trump to take a different approach.
Trump, Scaramucci said: "He likes doing the opposite of what the media thinks he should do."
Scaramucci also hinted that the days are numbered for Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
He decried what he called the "Bannon-Bart" influence at the White House, labelling it "nonsense."
(Image: REUTERS)
It was a reference to Bannon's former job running Brietbart.com, the right-wing site that has also been associated with the alt-right.
Trump "has got to go more to the mainstream," Scaramucci said. He added that he thinks "the president knows what he is going to do with Steve Bannon," and that Trump "has an idea of whom the leakers are".
The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza published an expletive-filled interview with Scaramucci, in which he bashed then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and used a sexually-vulgar term to describe Bannon.
Stephanopoulos played portions of the conversation Scaramucci had with Lizza, as Scaramucci listened.
(Image: AFP)
But he steered clear from using over-the-top statements.
He said that he thought that the phone call was off the record, and called it a "very deceitful thing" for Lizza to publish his quotes.
But he acknowledged that he "made an unforced error," and said that he was a target from the start.
"There were probably one or two people who wanted me in that job," including Trump, Scaramucci said. "There were probably 200 people that didn't want me in that job."
He also said that how he sounds on the audio of the conversation is different to how he comes across in print.
Despite his departure from the White House, Scaramucci said that he remains a loyal and supportive of the president, and HAD talked to him in the past week.
(Image: AFP)
He said that some of the turbulence of Trump's first six months is because "the president is not a representative of political establishment class, and for whatever reason people want to eject him".
He ADDED that Trump had created an "opening" for corporate CEOs to "enter the system," and mentioned Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and The Walt Disney Co.'s Bob Iger as corporate chieftains who have expressed an interest in politics.
He said that one of his faults in taking the job was that "I was running too hard like a corporate CEO than a political operative."
"I went in there with my heart and soul," he said. "I am a straight talking person."
He also compared himself to a pop culture figure -- Winston Wolf, the clean up guy in "Pulp Fiction."
Appearing on a Facebook Live conversation with ABC News' Rick Klein, Scaramucci talked more about Bannon and whether he should have a role at the White House.
(Image: EPA)
Asked whether Bannon and the alt-right we're having an influence on Trump, Scaramucci said that "I think the president is his own person." He said that Bannon's influence "is not as great as you would think."
But he said that "the fact that [Bannon] is sitting there in the White House makes people think he has influence."
He did say that some of the topics that Bannon and Brietbart.com have brought up is "very worthwhile," like "economic desperation," but "the other nasty stuff that is on that website I think is disgusting."
He said that he was not being critical of Trump in saying that he would have recommended that the president call out white supremacy, but "I think he needs to hit it a little harder."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Three people died and several others seriously injured when protests in Charlottesville turned violent on Saturday.
Trump has faced criticism for 'waiting too long' to address the violence and failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
The White House said the president's remarks condemned all forms of violence and bigotry, including neo-Nazi groups and the Ku Klux Klan.
Trump said "many sides" were involved in the Charlottesville incidents, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right.
(Image: Getty)
The violence presented Trump with perhaps the first domestic crisis of his administration.
“We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia," Trump told reporters at his New Jersey golf course.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
A reporter shouted a question to Trump about whether he had spoken out strongly enough against white nationalists but the president made no comment.
(Image: REUTERS)
On Sunday the far right organiser of the rally had to be escorted away by riot police after angry mobs descended upon his makeshift press conference.
Jasson Kessler is a white supremacist who organised to Unite the Right protest in the liberal town of Charlottesville, which resulted in three deaths and many other serious injuries on Saturday.
A 32-year-old woman, Heather Heyes, was killed after an alt-right protester drove his car into a crowd of people peacefully carrying out a counterprotest.
Kessler attempted to make a public speech blaming the lack of security for the atrocities which occurred at the deadly protests on Saturday.
But his words were soon drowned out by chants of "murderer" and "Nazi" before crowds of people poured onto the podium and the far right leader had to be escorted away by riot police.
Angry mobs chased the President of 'America First' away, with many attempting to pull him to the ground.
As armed police in protective gear pulled Kessler away a crowd member can be heard to say "her name was Heather, sir, her name was Heather, Jason, her blood is on your hands".
(Image: Rex Features)
Another heckler can be heard to say: "Jason, what do you have to say for yourself?".
The white nationalist blogger had previously said supporters of the rally would not back down and would stage more events.
He said: "Absolutely we are going to have further demonstrations in Charlottesville because our constitutional rights are being denied."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Far right protester James Alex Fields Jr, 20, has been charged with second-degree murder following Heather Heyer's death.
The FBI confirmed that a civil rights investigation has been launched into the crash.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier in the day, Fields was photographed standing with members of alt-right Vanguard America at a far-right rally that turned violent with fights in the streets before the alleged car attack.
Fields was pictured holding a black shield bearing the neo-Nazi group's logo, and wearing its uniform consisting of a white polo shirt and khaki trousers.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
"Blood and soil", the group's motto, which is derived from a Nazi slogan, was chanted by white nationals at the rally.
The Southern Poverty Law Center calls Vanguard America a "racist right-wing organisation" and said it helped to organise to Unite the Right rally.
In the aftermath of the alleged car attack, Vanguard America denied that the suspect was one of its members.
It wrote on Twitter: "The driver of the vehicle that hit counterprotesters today was, in no way, a member of Vanguard America.
"All our members had been safely evacuated by the time of the incident.
"The shields seen do not denote membership, nor does the white shirt. The shirts were freely handed out to anyone in attendance."
Fields' Facebook page allegedly featured a number of alt-rights and Nazi images, including Adolf Hitler's baby photo, before it was taken offline, the New York Daily News reports .
Fields' former teacher Derek Weimer told the TV news station WCPO : “He was very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler.
"He also had a huge military history, especially with German military history and World War II. But, he was pretty infatuated with that stuff.”
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, was killed and 19 others were injured when a Dodge Challenger ploughed into a group peacefully protesting and then slammed into another vehicle while tensions in the street were high and a number of fights had already broken out.
Her final public Facebook post read : "If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention."
Mourners returned to the crash scene today to place flowers, cards and other objects in tribute to Ms Heyer.
Shocking footage showed the car hitting pedestrians as bystanders rushed to help the injured.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
Some described the collision as "deliberate terrorism" - and called on officials and US President Donald Trump to "treat it" as a terror attack.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
After smashing into the activists, the car was filmed reversing back down the street at speed, with a single, red shoe flying out from under its wrecked bumper.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency due to the violence.
Two Virginia State Police officers were also killed when a helicopter, which had been monitoring the violence from the air, crashed and burst into flames.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The officers were identified as pilot Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40.
Dramatic footage from earlier in the day showed people throwing punches and hurling objects, including bottles and rocks, as the two sides clashed.
A number of people were treated for injuries at the scene as fighting continued.
Men dressed in military-style uniforms were seen carrying rifles and shields in the area.
Other clips showed chemical sprays and smoke bombs being used.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex Features)
It was around a couple of hours later that the car was filmed ploughing into protesters.
Mayor Mike Signer who tweeted throughout the chaos, pleaded with people to go back home following the smash.
Mr Signer tweeted: "I am furious & heartsick by the car crash that has injured many. Please all-go home to your families. We can work tomorrow. GO HOME! PLEASE!"
Around half an hour later, he added: "I am heartbroken that a life has been lost here. I urge all people of good will - go home."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The white supremacist rally was organised in protest over Charlottesville's decision to remove a statue of a Confederate general from a local park.
However, riot police were forced to intervene after the clashes erupted, with helmet-clad officers spotted confronting demonstrators at the scene.
Mr McAuliffe, a Democrat, halted the planned rally, but that did not stop the violence.
About 15 people were injured after rival groups fought pitched battles using fists, rocks and pepper spray.
Addressing the white supremacists, the governor said: "There is no place for you here. There is no place for you in America."
Former president Bill Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders also tweeted about the incident, hitting out at the white supremacists.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Mr Clinton posted: "Even as we protect free speech and assembly, we must condemn hatred, violence and white supremacy. #Charlottesville."
Mr Sanders said: "The white nationalist demonstration in #Charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred that has no place in our society."
They also encircled and chanted at the counter-demonstrators while standing at the base of a statue of former US president Thomas Jefferson.
Their chants reportedly included the words: "White lives matter".
(Image: Anadolu)
(Image: Anadolu)
A university spokesman said one person had been arrested while several people were injured.
The events highlight a persistent debate in the US South over the display of the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, fought over the issue of slavery.
On Friday night, hundreds of white marchers had clashed briefly with counter-protesters on the Charlottesville campus of the University of Virginia.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
The marchers were seen carrying blazing torches during the incident, which occurred on the eve of the planned "Unite the Right" rally.
About two dozen people were arrested in Charlottesville in July when the Ku Klux Klan rallied against the plan to remove the statue.
Torch-wielding white nationalists also demonstrated in May against the removal.
By Alexandra Arriaga and Dee J. Hall, Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism
More than 100 Wisconsin prisoners in 2016 were kept in administrative confinement — a little-known category of solitary confinement that the state Department of Corrections describes as “an involuntary non-punitive status” for inmates who pose “a serious threat to life, property, self, staff or other inmates, or to the security of the facility.”
The agency says these inmates are so dangerous that they must be confined for months, years — even decades — in a cell the size of a parking space with no human contact at least 22 hours a day.
Waupun Correctional Institution inmate Cesar DeLeon said he has punched the wall until his fist is bloody during 15 years in prison in which he has rotated in and out of solitary confinement.
“I can't understand why I have to do it,” said DeLeon, 34, “but the pain somehow gives me a sense of reality.”
DeLeon is in prison for armed robbery and kidnapping. He also is facing trial for attempted homicide for stabbing a Columbia Correctional Institution staff member in 2014 with scissors after he was denied a promotion at the prison library where he worked.
Brandon Christian said he fantasizes about the violence he will commit if he ever leaves solitary, where he has been for more than seven years. One time, allowed additional time out of his cell for good behavior, Christian attacked another inmate.
“Someone was talking crap about me and I didn't know who so I just picked someone and stabbed him,” Christian, who is serving time at the Wisconsin Secure Program Facility in Boscobel, wrote in response to a survey by the Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism.
After two and a half years in isolation — spending at least 22 hours a day alone in a tiny, solid-walled cell — fellow Boscobel prisoner Ernesto Cervantes wrote in response to the survey that he is no longer capable of “normal human interaction.”
“I have not been able to function properly in a social setting,” Cervantes said of his experience after release from administrative confinement, a status with no specified end date. “I think others are talking about me and feel watched. I also feel like I have lost proper comprehension as when people are speaking to me it sounds like gibberish noise.”
Surveying solitary inmates
State Department of Corrections officials denied reporters' requests to interview inmates in person about their experiences in administrative confinement, so the Center mailed surveys to more than 100 who had been held in 2016.
The center's survey was conducted in the wake of an inmate hunger strike launched in June aimed at ending long-term solitary confinement in Wisconsin. It asked about prisoners' living conditions, mental health status, whether they received regular meals and whether they had committed or been a victim of violence while in administrative confinement. Several, including DeLeon, 34, participated in the hunger strike; some of them were force-fed.
Sixty-five inmates — many of whom have committed horrific crimes including multiple murders, violent attacks and sexual assault — responded to the surveys.
One respondent to the Center's survey was in solitary for about 28 years; another has served 20 years.
The results of the survey were stark:
Ten inmates reported attempting suicide while in administrative confinement. One said administrative confinement “makes you numb, violent, hateful, loud, disrespectful (and) suicidal.” Most described feelings of isolation, hopelessness, anxiety or paranoia.
Of the 65 respondents, 26 claimed they have had medications or medical devices withheld or threatened to be withheld by security staff who distribute prescriptions or that they had overheard it happening to other inmates in solitary.
More than a third of the respondents — 28 inmates — said they had been treated violently by other inmates or prison staff; 13 acknowledged harming or threatening to harm staff members or other inmates.
Several described sleep deprivation from the screaming and banging of other inmates and perpetual lighting.
Thirteen inmates had food complaints, with some saying guards sometimes failed to deliver meals or that portions were inadequate, leaving them hungry.
‘Equivalent to torture'
How to manage such violent or noncompliant inmates — without worsening their behavior or mental health problems — is a big challenge for prison systems.
But solitary may not be the solution.
Because of the negative effects of long-term indefinite solitary confinement, Colorado has largely ended this practice. A top United Nations expert has said solitary confinement lasting more than 15 days is equivalent to torture.
In 2015, the Wisconsin Department of Corrections implemented policies — although not all inmates were aware of them — to reduce the amount of time inmates spend in solitary for disciplinary reasons and narrowed the types of offenses that can land them there. It also has made moves to remove prisoners with serious mental illnesses from solitary and to require that psychological staff provide input when such inmates are facing placement in solitary, spokesman Tristan Cook said.
“DOC has made significant reforms to the restrictive housing process with the goal of minimizing … (its) usage for all inmates and eliminating the use of restrictive housing for inmates with serious mental illnesses,” he wrote in an email.
The result is a drop in inmates in all forms of solitary confinement from a high of 1,362 in March 2014 to 1,073 as of Feb. 28, Cook said. Of those, 93 were in administrative confinement.
As of late 2015, Wisconsin held just under 4 percent of its inmates in solitary confinement for at least 22 hours a day for 15 continuous days or more. That's less than the national average of about 5 percent, according to a study released in November by the Association of State Correctional Officials and Yale Law School. The practice has gone from “central to prisoner management” to one used “only when absolutely necessary and for only as long as absolutely required,” the report found.
There are signs that Wisconsin is attempting to improve conditions for inmates held in solitary. Gov. Scott Walker's 2017–19 Department of Corrections budget request includes changes too solitary to boost mental health care and to allow some inmates with serious mental illnesses to spend up to 20 hours a week out of their cells for programming and recreation.
Ambiguity feeds distress
Former Waupun prison psychologist Bradley Boivin said that the lack of an end date while in administrative confinement can be especially damaging to inmates' mental health, creating a “prison within a prison.” The Center approached Boivin last year after inmates raised questions about why he had left DOC.
“Imagine being told you're going to prison for five years or you're going to prison for as long as we want to keep you there,” Boivin said. “The ambiguity of it creates additional levels of psychological distress for the inmates.”
Boivin said he resigned after trying unsuccessfully to make changes from within at Waupun.
“It wasn't about correction at all,” he said. “It was about perpetual punitive behavior (toward the inmates). That's what I couldn't be a part of anymore, I guess.”
In solitary units, Boivin said, individuals with the highest mental health classifications are required to be seen by a psychologist once a week. Inmates with a classification of less severe mental illness are seen every two weeks. The brief sessions take place through the inmate's cell door, allowing others to hear. Inmates call them “drive-bys.”
“There's nothing clinical or therapeutic about (weekly check-ins) whatsoever. It's really just a quick check-in,” Boivin said. “That's it, they'll say, ‘I'm fine,' and you walk away.”
Withholding medication
In the surveys, most inmates presented bleak descriptions of life in solitary confinement.
“I've tried many times to hang myself with a sheet, overdose on medication. I start to see things or people who aren't there; I talk to myself,” wrote Quenton Thompson, 35, who is serving a life sentence at the Boscobel prison for killing his pregnant girlfriend and her unborn child.
Shirell Watkins, 37, said he has tried twice to hang himself. Watkins, who is serving a 25-year sentence for reckless homicide, said he has spent years in various forms of solitary at three institutions, most recently Green Bay Correctional Institution.
He described “severe mental anguishment, depression, sleeplessness, high level of stress, constant self-communication, headaches, weight fluctuation, eye aches, hyper-reaction to situations/incidents, isolation/loneliness, short attention span, poor concentration and at times poor memory and difficulty concentrating.”
In early 2016, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported that one staff member was fired, one resigned and another retired from the DOC-run Milwaukee County Secure Detention Facility after they were caught on audiotape taunting an inmate and withholding his medication. He was being held in solitary confinement.
Thompson, the inmate at Wisconsin Secure Program Facility, said officers sometimes withhold medication from him “just to give me a hard time.”
Dr. Boivin used to hear these kinds of complaints from inmates, and he usually did not believe them. But the psychologist said he witnessed it himself at Waupun in 2015 after a sergeant, upset with an inmate, threatened to withhold his medication.
The problem, Boivin said, is that untrained, nonmedical staff should not be administering medicine. DOC has acknowledged the practice is “not acceptable,” requesting more than $1 million over two years for trained medical staff to administer medication at the embattled Lincoln Hills and Copper Lake juvenile prisons.
DOC spokesman Cook did not answer questions about whether the department is considering changes to how medicine is administered in the adult prisons.
Suicide watch even worse than solitary
In Wisconsin, some of the harshest treatment is reserved for inmates who want to kill themselves. Boivin said he personally and professionally felt these suicide-watch placements were more torturous than solitary confinement itself.
An inmate in so-called observation status is confined in a cell with a hard bed with a thin rubber mat. The prisoner wears a paper security gown or a quilted security smock. The lights are on 24 hours a day, and, initially, he is not allowed any property, even a book.
In extreme cases, inmates are strapped down, restrained at their shoulders, their wrists, their ankles and their knees, in an “eight-point restraint.” Boivin said he has seen inmates restrained for hours or days, nude except for a washcloth covering their genitals.
“It's humiliating, it's degrading,” Boivin said. “They're just kind of there, like a tied-down animal.”
In 2015, there were 80 inmates with serious mental illnesses in solitary who had a total of 132 placements in suicide watch, according to a DOC budget request.
After a couple of days in observation, Boivin said, the “decompensation” is noticeable. Inmates' eyes become bloodshot and watery, and they can become aggressive or delirious. They eventually “shut down.”
Days filled with boredom and rage
Inmates were asked to describe a typical day in administrative confinement. Many wrote of repetitiveness, spending the entire day in bed or that the “days blur into one another.” Reading, watching TV, working out in their cells or the “rec cage,” and writing letters are some of the ways inmates keep busy.
Eric Conner, 30, is at Boscobel serving 30 years on his most recent sentence after stabbing another inmate and injuring a correctional officer. DOC officials reported that Conner has had 56 conduct reports since he was imprisoned in 2008 for murder. During his time in solitary, Conner wrote that he hears his victim telling him to kill or harm himself. “I'm stuck in the cell and have nothing to distract me from him,” he wrote.
Christian, 29, said he has been in solitary confinement for more than seven years — including three and one half years in administrative confinement — while serving a 29-year sentence at Wisconsin Secure Program Facility for first-degree sexual assault with a dangerous weapon and armed burglary.
“I pace my cell for hours thinking about all the horrible things I've done and the horrible things I will do,” Christian wrote, adding that he would have “no problem” assaulting an officer if given the chance.
Student Carley Waits, an intern with the University of Wisconsin-Madison PEOPLE program, contributed to this report. The center's reporting on criminal justice issues is supported by a grant from Vital Projects at Proteus. The nonprofit center collaborates with Wisconsin Public Radio, Wisconsin Public Television, other news media and the UW-Madison School of Journalism and Mass Communication.
How To Get Rid Of Stains On Your Sneakers
Boost Your Sneaker Game With These Stain-Free Solutions
Sneakers are quintessential footwear for millennials. A fashion staple for hypebeasts. The complimentary piece for stylish urbanites. To call them prized possessions would be a disservice to them. Just look around you right now. The fact that they're de riguer in the workplace and viewed as red carpet essentials for most celebs speaks for their cultural prominence. It's the most vital fashion accessory you can adorn. So imagine the frustration felt when some fool spills beer on your laces or Mother Nature decides to stain-up those all-white Chuck Taylors.
We're living in a world completely dominated by vanity, which makes it prevalent to seek out every possible measure to ensure our kicks maintain their fresh-out-the-box appearance before re-upping on a second pair. You might earn fast results when employing simple sneaker-cleaning hacks, but make no mistake about it, not all stains are removable with some toothpaste and a toothbrush. Most require a heavy-duty cleaner to scrub off smudges.
So in keeping you sneaker rotation fresh, while sparing you the pain of breaking the bank on another set of Yeezy Boost 350 V2 “Core Blacks,” we assembled this how-to guide on making your sneakers look brand-new all year round. Lace up and take notes!
Know Your Sneaker Materials
As sneaker-cleaning guru Jason Marrk once expressed, “paying attention to every detail is what will make your shoes pop.” Look in your closet and notice how every sneaker is manufactured from unique components – some more clean-friendly than others. You might want to know the materials from which your footwear is produced, along with their stainable vulnerabilities. Just a thought. Meet some of the sneaker market's popular fabrics.
Canvas: Extremely durable cloth that picks up all stains, yet utilizes most cleaning solutions.
Extremely durable cloth that picks up all stains, yet utilizes most cleaning solutions. Leather: Comfortable and stylish, but tend to require maintenance after each use.
Comfortable and stylish, but tend to require maintenance after each use. Mesh: Common fabric that freely stains, though easily cleanable unless surrounded by other materials.
Common fabric that freely stains, though easily cleanable unless surrounded by other materials. Rubber: Its durable texture makes it the simplest material to restore, also the toughest depending on the stain (ex. Paint).
Its durable texture makes it the simplest material to restore, also the toughest depending on the stain (ex. Paint). Suede: The more delicate of fabrics that requires meticulous care and surface protection.
Getting familiar with each material type will determine the best sneaker cleaner for you. Those struggling to identify them can usually find answers on the box label, Goggling the sneaker model or searching it on the manufacturer's site.
The Major Keys To Sneaker Cleaning
The term sneakerhead gets thrown around loosely these days, and not every guy out there fits the description. Nor should they feel obligated to. Fact of the matter is this – whether your crib is stocked with just a handful of kicks or every pair of Jordans in existence – the commonality of interest lies in the Dos and Don'ts of Sneakers, more so the upkeep of one's stash.
Be it your laces or the back heel, the slightest scuff leaves a “magnified” effect that'll make your shoes the butt of all footwear jokes amongst fashion circles. It's on you to practice the right cleaning ritual, so no one questions your sneaker game. Follow these major keys.
Key No. 1: Unlace Your Shoes
Laces are an obstacle during the cleaning stage. Removing them opens up the cleaning surface and provides better access for hard-to-reach spots. You'll see what we're talking about when working on the tongue and eyelets.
Key No. 2: Remove Lingering Debris
Keep in mind your sneakers collect mad dust and dirt over time. You'll want to start by knocking the soles of each shoe together to force out any dirt trapped in between crevices. Then grab a soft brush and gently dry-brush each sneaker. This prevents any crud from sinking deeper into the material, which would make the chore tougher to accomplish.
Key No. 3: Apply A Cleaning Agent
Most sneaker-cleaning solutions come in foam, liquid, or pad form. You'll obviously want to follow the instructions on the label. It's straightforward. Leather sneakers will require a hard brush, whereas suede, mesh, and canvas accommodate a soft-bristle brush. Work the solution into the fabric in circular motions and repeat when dealing with deeper stains.
Key No. 4: The Drying Process
Most suckers make the mistake of tossing their kicks in the washer and dryer. Worst. Move. Ever. For one, washing them in hot or warm water destroys their quality from the midsole to the upper part of the sneaker. Placing them in the dryer is even worse than they'll bend or curl up. More suitable options are to let them air dry or use a microfiber towel (preferably this one from Jason Markk) to wipe down the sneaker, and in some cases scrub off lingering scuffs.
Key No. 5: Keep Them Stored Properly
Throwing your Adidas Shell Toes on the window sill only exposes them to sunlight damage. If your bachelor pad allows for the storage space, keep them placed in the box they came in (covered in the same paper sheet) and in a dry, dark setting.
Key No. 6: Wear Some Damn Socks
Much as you find the sockless look trendy for the summer, you forget one thing: sweat creates stains. Have you not looked at your white gym tees? All that foot perspiration can discolor the inside of your shoes, plus wear down the material. If less is more to you, pick up some low ankle socks.
Key No. 7: Starch'em Down
It's been said that spraying your kicks with laundry starch after they've been cleaned is an amazing way to protect them from future stains. The thin layer it creates will preserve the quality of the fabric. It definitely works magic on canvas shoes. We recommend spending good money on The Laundress Stiffen Up Laundry Starch.
Nothing too difficult. Right? Well, thanks to advances in modern sneaker science, you can keep every sneaker you own looking just as crispy as when they came out the Foot Locker stockroom. And a good sneaker cleaning kit will do just that. Look over these specialty cleaners to see which option(s) meets your stainless needs.
Jason Markk Premium Shoe Cleaner Essential Kit
To discuss sneaker care and not mention JM would be sheer blasphemy. The premium sneaker goods brand offers a variety of dope cleaning solutions, probably none more popular than this grape-smelling dissolvent with mild ingredients that are gentle on sneaker surfaces and safe on all colors. Rid your midsoles of stubborn stains or relieve the tongue of indigo dye normally caused by your jeans. The soft hog bristles of the brush are ideal for delicate materials including cotton mesh, premium leather, and suede. While the packaged 4oz bottle promises up to 100 cleaning sessions, there's always the option of purchasing an 8oz bottle for an est. 300 cleans.
$16.25 at Amazon.com
Pink Miracle Shoe Cleaner
Pink packaging turn you off? Grow up. You'd be surprised to hear Pink Miracle remains one, if not the market's most popular sneaker cleaning system predating back to 1985. A 70% Amazon 5-star rating helps its case. So if saving your Toms or Vans is priority this summer, add this to your virtual cart ASAP. The classic shoe cleaner boasts a non-toxic formula powerful enough to rid canvas, cloth, leather, suede, and practically every other shoe fabric of stains, never compromising the shoe's long-term preservation. Get a good 40 to 60 shoe washes with each bottle and let the additional brush service tougher blotches.
$15.97 at Amazon.com
Jason Markk Quick Wipes
Quick, easy, and effective as promoted on the packaging – Jason Markk developed these dual-textured sneaker cleaning wipes to help sneakerheads avoid the crises of smudges when out and about. One side features blue abrasive dots that buff-off tough stains, whereas the other side flaunts a softer feel to manage everyday specks that come with daily commuting. Just don't use it on suede and/or nubuck. The chic dispenser box is even designed sharply for convenient handouts. Each bundle comes with 30 individually packed single wipes, so to easily stock your backpack or pocket in emergency situations.
$12.99 at Amazon.com
Crep Protect Ultimate Stain & Rain Resistant Barrier
Prevent condiment and liquid spills before they ruin your Lebrons with this stain repellant. The misty spray was formulated through a “combination of R&D, science, and brainstorming,” utilizing a special type of nanotechnology to produce an invisible waterproofing barrier over your sneakers that protect them from accidents and moisture damage. One application is said to last up to 4 weeks no matter the material: suede, nubuck, or canvas. It's potent enough to never damage the look or shape of the shoes, no matter how much spray is used.
$17.99 at Amazon.com
Tight Wipes TightScrub Sneaker Cleaner
Anything with a built-in cleaning brush screams 2000s. Look past its outdated packaging and you just might discover the fountain of sneaker youth, as the eco-friendly solution revives your kicks without damaging their materials. This includes anything leather, plastic, rubber, and even vinyl. That being the case, consider it a must for Jordan 11 owners. The formula is composed of coconut extract and jojoba oils, which helps nourish fabrics, while easily removing grime due to the deeper scrub action delivered by the cleaning brush. Amazon reviewers praise the TightScrub for its consistency and performance.
$13.99 at Amazon.com
Reshoevn8r Patented 2 Sneaker Laundry System
A sneaker maintenance goliath, this all-purpose shoe system packs the bells and whistles to keep your sneaker collection looking fresher than any limited editions showcased at the Flight Club store. Reshoevn8r ensures quality cleans with a 100% all-natural solution made from biodegradable ingredients (coconut, jojoba, and other natural oils) for superior conditioning. Elevating its performance are three sneaker brushes –a medium bristle, soft bristle, and stiff bristle – that work effectively on all sneaker materials. Rounding out the bundle is a microfiber towel, two laundry bags, and two adjustable shoe trees to maintain the overall shape and form of each shoe.
$65.98 at Amazon.com
KlenBlu Premium Professional Sneaker Cleaning Kit
Foam. Leather. Mesh. Patent leather. Rubber. You'd swear there was no sneaker KlenBlu couldn't clean. No harsh chemicals or solvents are found in the sneaker cleaner, giving you an organic formula to scrub off unwanted stains. It works hand in hand with the double-sided nylon bristle brush, using the firmer bristles to clean rubber parts and the softer ones on the upper parts. The microfiber towel is perfect for drying off wet surfaces and is washable. But what makes the cleaning kit such as standout is the reusable carry case with carabiner to latch onto your bike or backpack for brushing your kicks on the go.
$18.79 at Amazon.com
Jason Markk Suede Cleaning Kit
Suede sneakers are a fly, but dangerous investment. And in some cases, a liquid agent can do more harm than care. Which is why this dry-cleaning kit serves as a godsend for men favoring kicks with a velvety nap. Revive the appearance of your soft-touch Pumas by rubbing off marks or fading away tough stains with the steady eraser and soft horse-hair brush. The system also works to remove dirt from nubuck sneakers as well. Some reviewers claim the eraser is easier to use than Jason Markk's cleaning solution. You just might share the sentiments depending on scuff severity.
$12.00 at Nordstrom.com
Related Reading
No Matter How Cool Your Sneakers Are, It's How You Wear Them That Counts
What Your Choice Of Footwear Says About You To Women (Yes, They Notice)
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service. The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content.
Strollers, carriers and other baby products have become safer over the years, but researchers are seeing a rising number of kids going to the hospital with head injuries.
A new study in the journal Pediatrics found about 66,000 kids under the age of three go to the emergency room every year with injuries involving a child product.
Researchers said the top products causing the injuries are baby carriers, cribs and strollers.
Overall injuries are up 24 percent.
“Families are more aware now of how serious head injuries and concussions can be. As well as the fact that doctors are diagnosing it more often," said Tracy Mehan, of Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio, where the study was conducted.
Experts said it's important to make sure children are always strapped into a carrier or stroller so they can't climb out.
“And make sure not to put anything heavy like a purse or bags on the back of the stroller so that it can tip over," Mehan said.
It's recommend parents and caregivers follow the “four Rs”
Do your research
Check for recalls
Register the product
Read the manual
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation) / CBS News. All rights reserved.
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may have been a tap in from 12 yards into an empty net by Lee Brown will forever be remembered as the man who sent Bristol Rovers back to League One.
Brown hit the injury-time winner, following up a rebound off the post from a Matty Taylor strike, in the 2015/16 season to earn Rovers automatic promotion from League Two with a 2-1 victory over Dagenham & Redbridge.
Tonight, after the 1-1 draw with Wigan Athletic, Rovers manager Darrell Clarke revealed the defender will leave the club at the end of the season .
Brown, 27, is one of the longest serving players at the club, having played 301 games in seven seasons, netting 22 goals.
And Gasheas reacted with an outpouring of emotion to the news he will leave at the end of the season.
Here is what they had to say:
Macron Awards U.S. Climate Scientists Grants To 'Make Our Planet Great Again'
toggle caption Michel Euler/AP
French President Emmanuel Macron, in a not-so-subtle jab at President Trump, has awarded long-term research grants to 18 climate scientists — 13 of them U.S.-based researchers — to relocate to France and pursue their work with the blessing of a government that doesn't cast doubt on the threat of climate change.
The announcement Monday makes good on a pledge Macron made earlier this year after the U.S. pulled out of the Paris climate accord to offer France as a "second homeland" to climate researchers in order to "make our planet great again."
Macron's appeal produced 1,822 applicants, nearly two-thirds from the United States. Candidates had to have a proven track record on climate research and propose a project that would take three to five years to complete. That period roughly matches Trump current term in office.
Trump has proposed cuts in federal funding for scientific research. As Macron told the winners of the French grants, "we will be there to replace" U.S. support for climate research.
One of the winners, Camille Parmesan of the University of Texas at Austin, told the Associated Press that the French offer "gave me such a psychological boost, to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do."
Parmesan studies the impact of climate change on wild plants and animals and will pursue her research at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees.
Another winner, Louis A. Derry, professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell University told the Washington Post:
"For me, the chance to work on some very exciting science questions with my French colleagues and not be so dependent on the crazy stuff that goes on in Congress and with the current administration is honestly very attractive. But it can be embarrassing to try and explain what is going on at home right now."
The amount of money awarded to climate researchers wasn't immediately disclosed. Senior researchers were eligible for grants up to $1.7 million.
Macron's announcement comes a day before a bigger international meeting on the global climate opens in Paris on Tuesday. Dubbed the "One Planet Summit" and co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank, the meeting will bring together more than 50 world leaders seeking to re-energize the Paris accords. Trump will not be among them.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Round has been sensationally sacked by Aston Villa.
The club's director of football was told the news this morning at the club's Recon Training facility as part of a major re-organisation at Villa Park.
Word has been received at the home of the former European Champions late last night that changes had to be made – and the axe has now fallen.
The club's chief commercial officer Luke Organ along with owner Dr Tony Xia's eye and ears Rongtian He broke the news to Round this morning.
(Image: Getty)
The sacking is the latest in a changing of the guard at Villa Park as the club seeks to re-organise itself in the wake of severe cash problems and the failure to reach the Premier League.
Round's departure follows that of chief executive Keith Wyness and is a signal that sweeping changes are afoot.
That could also include manager Steve Bruce.
His position which will now be under closer scrutiny as the two individuals who were key to his appointment have been removed.
The Geordie is currently away on holiday and is due to link up with the rest of Villa's first-team squad tomorrow.
Villa's first-team reported in to Bodymoor Heath this morning for assessment and will begin their pre-season training properly after flying out to Portugal.
MirrorSport understands Xia is under huge pressure back home in China to get a return on the £60million he paid for Villa in 2016 as an investment.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Xia bought the club from Randy Lerner and it was claimed it was another asset for his 'Recon Group' business.
But Xia is believed to be the frontman for several investors in China who ploughed in initial funds expecting to see relegated Villa promoted back immediately to justify their outlay.
Villa spent heavily on players in Xia's first season in charge in 2016/2017 but club only came 13 before fresh capital dried up last August.
Now after missing out on promotion again, and a possible £160m windfall, Xia's reign is at breaking point with the club's final parachute payment down to just £15m.
(Image: Neville Williams)
He has already been late with an HMRC tax bill and seen chief executive Keith Wyness walk away to sue for constructive dismissal.
Bruce, whose squad returned for pre-season today (Wednesday), has been told the club cannot even afford free transfers with player sales expected first – like Jack Grealish to Spurs.
The American group is even believed to have visited Villa Park for talks with Round, who was their point of contact.
(Image: Getty)
But China-based Xia has been unwilling to sanction a sale and has left his It meant neither outgoing director of football Round nor boss Bruce have had dialogue with Xia.
Now, worryingly, there is virtually zero football expertise remaining at the top of the club apart from Bruce himself.
The Americans may also lose interest in the takeover as they were impressed with Round and were relying on his football knowledge.
Motorsports matriarch Dee Ann Andretti dies at 76
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 7 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:36 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Dee Ann Andretti, the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports, has died. She was 76.
Andretti died Tuesday, a few weeks after suffering a heart attack. Grandson Marco Andretti announced her death on social media , posting: "RIP Grammy Andretti. You will be missed." The IndyCar Series later confirmed her death.
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while she was teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. They were married a few months later, in November 1961.
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while her husband became one of the world's most successful race car drivers.
She is survived by her husband, sons Michael and Jeff, daughter Barbie Dee and seven grandchildren.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
PETE MAROVICH / CONTRIBUTING PHOTOGRAPHER Madison Fickinger, 12, of Williamstown, participates in Round 3 of the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee on Wednesday in Oxon Hill, Maryland. She was eliminated after misspelling “psalm.”
A Williams Valley sixth-grader was eliminated Wednesday in Round 3 of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Maryland, when she misspelled the word “psalm.”
Madison Fickinger, 12, a daughter of Marianne and Matthew Fickinger, Williamstown, was among the final 351 spellers remaining after 516 competitors started the competition Tuesday.
Psalm is a sacred song or poem used in worship; especially one of the Biblical hymns in the Book of Psalms, according to Merriam-Webster.
Madison spelled the word as “salm.” Marianne said her daughter knows the correct spelling but made a mistake.
“I just think she wasn't up to par today,” she said.
Her daughter had been feeling ill Wednesday.
“She woke up with a headache and a sore throat,” Marianne said.
Marianne said her daughter doesn't like to be the center of attention but did well on stage in front of the audience and the judges.
“We hope this doesn't discourage her,” Matthew said, adding he was proud of his daughter.
April Welker, spelling bee coordinator, also said she was proud of Madison.
“It's a lot to take in for an adult, let alone for a 12-year-old girl. She did a phenomenal job,” Welker said.
“It was a great experience for her,” Marianne said.
Madison is looking forward to going to some museums before her family leaves Saturday, according to her mother.
As The Republican-Herald's 63rd annual Regional Spelling Bee winner, Madison earned a spot at the 91st Scripps National Spelling Bee when she proved the best of 48 spellers from 25 area schools during the local competition March 3 at D.H.H. Lengel Middle School. On Tuesday, Madison correctly spelled the word “pelage” on stage in Round 2. She was one of the last spellers in her group Wednesday when she was given the word “psalm” shortly after 3 p.m. for Round 3.
Spellers eliminated during Round 3 are tied for the same place. Immediately after Round 3, a “maximum of 50” standard is applied to remaining spellers' scores accrued during the preliminaries. Spellers' scores are plotted on a chart. Beginning at 36 on the chart, spellers at each consecutive scoring level are added until no more than 50 spellers have been attained.
Finals are scheduled to begin at 10 a.m. and go until 2 p.m. today on ESPN2, with primetime finals from 8:30 to 10:30 p.m., live on ESPN.
BRANFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – A West Haven man is facing multiple charges after he allegedly assaulted a woman and held three people against their will at motel in Branford New Year's Eve day.
At 4:00 a.m., Branford police responded to the Motel 6, located at 320 East Main Street, after a 9-1-1 hang-up call. Upon arrival, officers found three men and two women inside of a motel room. Initially, police were told that a minor dispute had occurred, and police left the motel without any further action.
When Branford police received a second call from a person in the hotel room, officers returned. Upon further investigation, police learned that 37-year-old Christopher Pruitt, of West Haven, entered the room with a friend uninvited. They then allegedly robbed, assaulted, and held two women and one man captive.
Police took Pruitt into custody, but the friend that entered the room with Pruitt had left before police arrived the second time.
Pruitt is facing multiple charges, including assault, robbery, strangulation, and unlawful restraint. He is being held on a $100,000 bond, and will be arraigned in New Haven Superior Court on Tuesday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup winner Lewis Moody is confident the introduction of Sam Simmonds will have an overwhelmingly positive impact on the England back row during the 2018 Six Nations.
Simmonds replaced Nathan Hughes against Argentina in the autumn for his international debut before making his only England start against Samoa a few weeks later.
However, with Billy Vunipola and Hughes both ruled out of the opening two Six Nations fixtures the Exeter Chiefs' No.8 looks set to be a vital component in Eddie Jones's side for the foreseeable future.
The 23-year-old has just one international start under his belt but will earn his fourth cap against Italy in Rome this weekend as England look for a third-straight Six Nations title.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And Moody, 39, who played 71 times for England in the back row welcomes the different style that Simmonds can bring to Eddie Jones' back row.
“I am glad to see Sam Simmonds given an opportunity, he's not a destructive ball carrier like Hughes and Vunipola but has more of a step and can move like a centre,” he said.
“He can be more of a link man, it's an exciting and different prospective. It's always nice to have variety.
“You are looking for a unique blend across the back row and to have someone completely different is exciting. You need to give these guys the opportunity.”
England are looking for an unprecedented third straight Six Nations title and open their 2018 account on Sunday in Rome against Conor O'Shea's Italy.
And Moody is expecting a comfortable victory for England against a team that has picked up the wooden spoon 12 times since their introduction to the tournament in 2000.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It's a record which, for Moody, shows that the format of the Six Nations needs to change with relegation to a second-tier tournament introduced sooner rather than later.
Moody, speaking on behalf of Land Rover who support the game from grassroots to elite level, added:“I can't see Italy causing any upset anywhere during the competition which is a shame because Conor O'Shea and Mike Catt are incredible coaches,” he added.
“I just don't believe they have the quality of player or club competition back home to develop the players to compete at this level regularly.
“In the Six Nations each year there's some growth but they never get passed fifth or sixth, it's a good reason why we should see promotion and relegation.
“Give opportunity to other nations, teams like Georgia who are asking for tougher matches. I would like to see relegation as competition for places drives performance.
“I think it would develop the game we love around Europe. I don't see it happening in the near future but definitely think it should happen. It would take a shift in mindset but let's wait and see.”
(Image: Getty Images)
And while all eyes this weekend will be on the Six Nations, Moody claims the key barometer to England's 2019 World Cup chances lies in the autumn when they face world champions New Zealand.
England haven't faced the All Blacks since 2014 but Moody, whose only victory over New Zealand came in 2002, 12 months prior to his own World Cup success, knows the psychological importance of the match-up.
“The important match is New Zealand next year, it gives you belief and confidence when you are playing in a World Cup knowing you have done it before,” Land Rover ambassador, Moody added.
“They are shaping up nicely with 22 wins in 23 games which is quite a feat and they're constantly evolving, developing and gaining more belief.
“If you are number one it does not matter who you play. I would like to think they can get all the players fit, they have a great opportunity to beat New Zealand.
“Knowing you have beaten every side, that belief is all important to winning a World Cup.”
Lewis Moody is a Land Rover ambassador. Land Rover has a heritage in rugby at all levels; from grassroots to elite, supporting the game for two decades. @LandRoverRugby #WeDealInReal
A fearless woman plans to take her dangerous antics to new heights.
Erendira Wallenda is looking to break a record while hanging more than 300 feet above the Niagara Falls. Wallenda has spent months preparing for her latest challenge. She's hoping to break history Thursday by performing various aerial movements while hanging below a helicopter - by just her teeth.
Wallenda will need to do this for just 20 seconds in order to break the previous record, which is held by her husband Nik.
"I can tell you this from experience, it hurts really bad. It is extremely painful," she said.
Rain or shine, Wallenda's latest stunt will happen at 8:30 a.m.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation) / CBS News. All rights reserved.
A new video of a youth football team trapped in the bowels of a Thai cave emerged Wednesday showing the boys laughing and saying they are well after their astonishing discovery by divers nine days after going missing.
In a heartening message to families waiting in anguish outside, the Thai Navy SEAL footage features 11 of the 12-strong team, each makes a traditional Thai greeting gesture to the camera before introducing themselves by nickname and saying "I'm in good health".
Several of the boys in the frame are wearing protective foil blankets and are accompanied by a smiling diver in a wetsuit.
Their 25-year-old coach, who accompanied the boys down the cave after football training on June 23, is not heard in the footage, published on the Thai Navy Facebook page.
It is the second video to delight a Thai nation that has held its breath for a successful outcome to a complex rescue kilometres inside one of the country's longest caves.
The one-minute clip ends on a jovial note, with one of the 12 young footballers saying he was forgotten in the round of introductions, sparking laughter.
The boys appear relaxed and much more alert than when they were when discovered late Monday by British divers, as they took shelter from surging underground waters on a muddy ledge.
Outside the cave one of the boy's mothers teared-up as she watched the clip on a television screen, saying she was "glad" for a glimpse of her son.
"He is thinner," she said as she ran her finger over his image -- a sign of the heartache the saga has brought to relatives of the trapped 13.
All 13 members of Thai junior football team found in flooded cave Open gallery
Several Navy SEAL divers have deployed along with medics, while the challenging process of evacuating the "Wild Boar" team begins.
Thai authorities say the focus is now building up the boys' physical and mental strength after an ordeal that has left them emaciated.
Next, they have three main options: diving out of the cave system, exiting through another hole if one can be found -- or drilled -- or waiting out the rainy season underground.
Experts say diving out is laden with risk -- more so as the boys have never dived before and may not be able to swim.
Areas of the cave remain submerged and the murky waters are very difficult to navigate, even if the boys are given good equipment and a crash-course in how to dive.
The last option could be protracted as the monsoon begins to bite and officials say they have stored food, medicine and equipment to last for up to four months at an underground base.
A few weeks back, I met my buddy Chris at Nepenthes, an unusually adventurous men's boutique on a nondescript block in New York City's Garment District. He tried on some five-pound wool pants, and I gave my advice: I'm not letting you leave without those. I tried on a red fringed coat seemingly made from an old blanket, and he gave his advice: You can't live without it, $3,000 price tag be damned. We left the store (he bought the pants; I didn't buy the coat), headed to a bar and chatted over a couple of beers. It was a great hang. I don't want to pretend that this was some sort of radical activity. The man-goes-shopping caricature – the boyfriend posted up on the couch at Anthropologie, scrolling through Instagram and praying to be anywhere but there – is blessedly long dead. I know guys who are Hall of Fame online shoppers and others who include dudes from the Barneys sales floor in their wedding party. But shopping is still largely a clandestine activity, conducted like a solo military raid: Get in, get jeans, get out.
But you wouldn't put $1,000 on the Jets to cover without talking it through with a pal. So why would you buy a pair of high-waisted trousers, the kind that might completely change your life but also might make you look like Pee-wee Herman, without consulting an equivalent authority? I'm not talking about a sales associate, who, despite his genial demeanour, has a vested interest in your walking out of his store with a pair of pants you definitely won't wear. I'm talking about someone whose opinion you can trust. I'm talking about a shopping buddy.
Think of him as an insurance policy. Shopping alone is fraught: Do I look good in these jeans? Maybe, but I'm also trying to figure out the answer before I have to engage in light banter with the staff. If I'm with a friend? He'll tell me if I'm making a mistake.
But this isn't just about risk avoidance – it's about having a sounding board and an egger-on. The joy of shopping is in conjuring an imaginary version of yourself, the version that has the stones to rock a referee-stripe cardigan. It's hard to summon that guy when all you have to go on is your own sad reflection in a warped store mirror. When you have a friend telling you that vertical stripes are slimming? Meet me at the cash register.
This doesn't always work perfectly: Nothing I could say would have swayed Colin from buying that pair of sea-foam green jeans. He really liked them. But I wouldn't have bought that preposterous gold chain – the one that makes me look like a low-grade member of the Jewish Mafia – if he hadn't been there to spur me along. And now I get to carry myself with the air of a dude named Chaim who just might be sitting on significant gold reserves.
It's all about trust and encouragement. It's about learning to laugh at yourself and at your friend's belief that he can pull off clown pants. It's about faith in the fraternal bond and in the almighty power of the turtleneck. And if that's not the point of friendship, I'm not sure what is.
NOW READ
David Beckham shows you how to pull off an all-khaki look
HH Sawai Padmanabh Singh's personal style is a masterclass in how to roll like a royal
Naomi Campbell and Monica Bellucci rocked some sleek AF suits from Dolce & Gabbana at the Milan Men's Fashion Week
> More on the Magazine
How The Job Of The U.S. President Has Changed Over Decades NPR's Ari Shapiro talks with contributing editor to The Atlantic, John Dickerson, about his new piece "The Hardest Job in the World," that looks at the job of the country's president.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You may find this hard to believe but Hollywood star Danel Craig is the worst looking James Bond in 007 history.
The 49-year old's bulbous nose, thin lips and wide face put him bottom of a list of the actors to play the debonair but deadly spy in a series of facial mapping tests pioneered by the ancient Greeks.
Top of the poll for the best looking Bonds was Sir Sean Connery whose face was found to be 89.2 accurate to the Golden Ratio of Beauty Phi - which measures “physical perfection.”
The technique showed the 87-year old actor's eyes, eyebrows, nose, lips, chin, jaw and facial shape - which were measured from 1964 when he played 007 in Goldfinger - came closest to the ancient Greeks' idea of perfection.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
The late Sir Roger Moore was second with 88.8%, Timothy Dalton was third with 86.5%, and Pierce Brosnan was fourth with 85.3%, just beating George Lazenby in fifth on 85.2%.
Craig was last on the list with 84.2%.
A perfect score would be 100% but it is physically impossible to achieve perfection.
All the Bonds were tested with the latest facial mapping techniques by Harley Street surgeon Dr Julian De Silva who uses the technology in his work. The actors were judged on their faces in the years playing 007 when they were at the peak of their careers.
(Image: PA)
Dr De Silva, who runs the Centre For Advanced Facial Cosmetic And Plastic Surgery in London, said: “Daniel Craig scored poorly because he has very thin lips, a bulbous nose and his face is very wide.
“Craig has rugged good looks but they don't accord with the Greeks' idea of beauty.
“Meanwhile Sean Connery has been feted as the most handsome Bond for years - and it is great this has now been proved by science.
“He has beautiful facial symmetry and gets closer than any other Bond to having what the Greeks considered the perfect face.
“Connery has an almost geometrically perfect chin of 99.8%, his eye spacing was almost perfect and his lips are beautifully shaped. Across the 12 key markers he had the highest combined score.
“Computer mapping techniques allow us to solve some of the mysteries of what it is that makes someone physically beautiful and the technology is useful when planning patients' surgery.
“The Phi ratio of 1.618 has long been thought to hold the secret of beauty, and now with the computer mapping we can calculate exactly how it applies to men.”
According to the research the most handsome male celebrity in the world is George Clooney whose face is 91.86% accurate to the Greek Golden Ratio. The Golden Ratio was a mathematical equation devised by the Greeks in an attempt to measure beauty.
While the ratio can be applied to anything and was used by Leonardo Da Vinci for the perfect human male body in his famous work, the Vitruvian Man.
The premise behind this is that the closer the ratios of a face or body are to the number 1.618, the more beautiful they become.
Daniel Craig will be 51 when returns as Bond next year in the untitled new movie, scheduled for release next November. That is still some way behind Roger Moore who, at 57, was the oldest Bond when he starred in A View To Kill in 1985.
Author Ian Fleming said in the books that Bond was in his mid-to-late thirties but it is only in Moonraker that his specific aged is revealed.
The book was published on April 5 1955 and in it Bond admits to being eight years shy of the mandatory retirement age from the 00 section - 45 - which would mean he was 37 at the time.
If he was 37 in 1955 that means he was born in 1918 - meaning that this is the year of Bond's centenary.
James Bond Golden Ratio beauty rankings
1. Sean Connery - 89.2%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “He has beautiful facial symmetry and gets closer than any other Bond to having what the Greeks considered the perfect face.
“Connery has an almost geometrically perfect chin of 99.8%, his eye spacing was almost perfect and his lips are beautifully shaped. Across the 12 key markers he had the highest combined score.”
2. Roger Moore - 88.8%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “Roger Moore was a really beautiful man who ran Sean Connery a very close second. He has the best eye positioning of all the Bonds, a gorgeously symmetrical face and a great chin.”
3. Timothy Dalton - 86.5%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “Timothy Dalton has an almost perfectly shaped nose with a score of 98.5%. His dimple is not a factor in Golden Ratio rankings but he is marked down for his jowly jawline and chin.”
4. Pierce Brosnan - 85.3%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “Pierce Brosnan has the best nose of all the Bonds with a 98.8% score and the distance from lip to nose is very good but, like Dalton, his chin lets him down and he scored poorly for eye spacing.”
5. George Lazenby - 85.2%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “George Lazenby has the best lips of all the Bonds but he is marked down for his nose which is not symmetrical and looks like it may have been broken if you look at the curve at the top.”
6. Daniel Craig - 84.2%
Dr Julian De Silva said: “”Daniel Craig scored poorly because he has very thin lips, a bulbous nose and his face is very wide. Craig has rugged good looks but they don't accord with the Greeks' idea of beauty.”
In an interview on CBS, Rep. Trey Gowdy poured cold water on claims that the FBI behaved improperly towards the Trump campaign in 2016. Gowdy, who attended a classified briefing last week about the use of an FBI informant to gather information from individuals in the Trump campaign, said:
I think the FBI, if they were at the table this morning, they would tell you that Russia was the target and Russia's intentions toward our country were the target. The fact that two people who were loosely connected to the Trump campaign may have been involved doesn't diminish the fact that Russia was the target and not the campaign.
In Gowdy's view, the FBI was trying to ascertain what we “would want the FBI to find out” regarding Russian connections with the Trump campaign.
I have great respect for Trey Gowdy. He calls them as he sees them, and he usually sees them clearly. His defense of the FBI should be taken seriously.
However, I don't find his defense, as stated during the interview, to be persuasive.
I'm sure Gowdy is right that the FBI would tell us, as it told him, that Russia was the target of the investigation. And Russia might, in fact, have been a target.
But an investigation can have more than one target. Indeed, I assume that investigations of conspiracies (or collusion) often target both parties suspected of conspiring (or colluding). Thus, the fact (if it's true) that Russia was a target wouldn't mean that the Trump campaign wasn't one also.
By target, I mean subject of the investigation. As Andy McCarthy points out, “target” is a term of art in criminal investigations — it denotes a suspect who is likely to be indicted. In that technical sense, neither Russia nor the Trump campaign was a target when the FBI tried to inject its informant into the campaign and when it engaged in electronic surveillance of Carter Page. There was no criminal investigation at that stage. There was only a counter-intelligence investigation.
The Trump campaign was a subject of that investigation. We know this because (1) it's obvious and (2) as McCarthy shows, James Comey has so testified.
“Targets” aside, Gowdy's big claim is that we should want the FBI to act as it did here. To this, McCarthy counters:
To be sure, no sensible person argues that the FBI should refrain from investigating individuals suspected of acting as clandestine agents of a hostile foreign power. The question is: How should such an investigation proceed in a democratic republic whose norms forbid an incumbent administration, in the absence of strong evidence of egregious misconduct, from directing its counterintelligence and law-enforcement powers against its political opposition?. . . . [I]f all the Obama administration had been trying to do was check out a few bad apples with suspicious Russia ties, this could easily have been done by alerting the Trump campaign and asking for its help.
It's clear to me that, the FBI's protestations to the contrary notwithstanding, the Obama administration considered Trump the “bad apple.” It beleived that Trump had significant ties to Russia. It suspected that these ties helped explained why Trump kept saying fairly nice things about Vladimir Putin. It suspected that these ties might well explain Carter Page's presence in the campaign. It suspected that Russia was helping the Trump campaign and that Trump welcomed Russia's help. And it wanted to believe these things were true.
Given these suspicions, it wouldn't have made sense for investigators to alert the Trump campaign and ask for its help in countering Russian influence and interference. So it's not surprising that the FBI didn't do so.
But suspicions (even those of non-partisans, as opposed to the partisans doing the suspecting here) are not “strong evidence of egregious misconduct” (to use McCarthy's words). Thus, if one agrees with McCarthy that only such strong evidence justifies directing the government's counterintelligence and law-enforcement powers against political opposition, then the administration's snooping was improper.
Even if one believes that a lower evidentiary threshold should apply, I doubt it was met in this case. Indeed, since the FBI apparently isn't admitting that its suspicions extended beyond the two low level “bad apples,” I doubt it presented Gowdy with evidence that would justify doing more than simply alerting the Trump campaign and asking for its help investigating those two.
In a new report on India's labour market, the McKinsey Global Institute has focused on the concept of “gainful employment”, basically better work (or jobs) for India's 460 million workforce that promise more money.
While repeatedly stressing the need for better, and more current jobs data in India, the report, titled India's Labour Market: A new emphasis on gainful employment, highlights the structural shift from agriculture to the non-farm sector. Between 2011 and 2015, the number of agricultural jobs reduced by 26 million while the number of non-farm ones rose 33 million. This was especially driven by creation of jobs between 2013 and 2015. More current data isn't available.
Despite the growth in non-farm employment, because of the sheer number of people entering the labour force, the overall labour force participation rate fell from 55.5% in 2011 to 52.4% in 2015. For men in urban areas, the corresponding numbers were 73.7% and 69.1%, highlighting the challenge at hand.
It's a challenge that isn't really captured by data because of some structural changes, the report adds. For instance, says the report, “declining labour force participation need not indicate a slowing growth in gainful employment” because more people could have stayed in the education system longer and fewer women may need to work because their families are now better off and do not need them to. Then, measuring both “employment” and gainful employment becomes tough in a country where 86% of the labour force is employed by the so-called informal sector. Nor do exist job surveys capture “economic and social mobility” which might give some indication on gainful employment, and “underlying labour market shifts” because Indian farmworkers move “seamlessly” from farm-jobs to non-farm jobs at certain times of the year. Still, the report concludes, the shift away from agricultural jobs itself is a move towards gainful employment.
According to the McKinsey Global Institute report, the so-called gig economy (or increase in independent work opportunities available), government spending and the consequent creation of jobs, and increased entrepreneurial activity have created gainful employment for between 20 million and 26 million people between 2014 and 2017, the report says.
Of this, increased spending by the government alone has resulted in 2 million new jobs.
Automation is unlikely to immediately affect jobs in India, the report says, although it puts the overall share of activities that can be automated at 52%, not very different from the global average. In most parts of the world, automation could take up to two decades, and it could take longer in India, given the low level of wages and the cost of automation. Even in IT, the report says, while some traditional roles may be automated entirely, automation will itself create a new set of jobs in “fields such as cybersecurity, mobile app development, new user interfaces, social media, data science, and platform engineering”. These jobs will require new skills though, and may require existing employees to be retrained, the report points out.
In conclusion, the McKinsey Global Institute report suggests three ways to create opportunities for more gainful employment. These are “more appropriate statistical measurement of employment”, “targeted government programmes”, and “removing hurdles that stand in the way of investment and innovation.” For instance, it adds, building industrial townships, focusing on manufacturing, and the development of tourist circuits, all through government programmes, could create more opportunities for gainful employment.
As if being recognized at the Women in Film Awards wasn't enough, the honorees also received a surprise from Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama and Senator Kamala Harris (a.k.a. our dream girl squad). They introduced each awardee via video before they took the stage.
Clinton had high praise for Elizabeth Banks, who received the Crystal Award. "Your commitment to lifting up women directors, producers, writers, composers and executives has made such a difference," she said.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She also mentioned that she hasn't seen Wonder Woman yet, but she hopes to soon: "Something tells me that a movie about a strong powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley."
The former First Lady introduced Tracee Ellis Ross, recipient of the Lucy Award. The Black-ish actress has openly shown her admiration for Obama on social media (Ross has also visited the White House, and the two even teamed up on College Signing Day in 2016), and last night, the former FLOTUS returned the love.
"You are brilliant, you are hilarious, you're one of the most talented actors I know, and your character on Black-ish, Bow, is an inspiration all across this country. And the work you're doing offscreen is just as remarkable. From empowering our girls to educating people about the importance of voting, thank you. Thank you for using your voice to change so many lives," Obama lauded.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"See you on the dance floor," she joked at the end. That is one dance-off we'd pay to see.
Senator Kamala Harris also made a video appearance (hours after grilling Attorney General Jeff Sessions) to show her support for the awardees. In her message, she tied in the topic of film with climate change, immigration reform, justice reform and health care, according to USA Today.
"Women are not and should not be relegated to being a stereotype or a trope," she added, and urged the film industry to "tell the stories of all that women are and all of our beautiful diversity."
Senator @KamalaHarris sends a message of thanks to Women In Film at the #CrystalLucys! We thank her for her great work. pic.twitter.com/T9OEClLaZu — Women In Film - LA (@WomenInFilm) June 14, 2017
(h/t Page Six)
British police declared a major incident late on Tuesday after it said a man and a woman in a critical condition may have been exposed to an unknown substance near the southern English town of Salisbury.
"Wiltshire Police and partners have this evening declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury," the police said in a statement.
"Emergency services were called to an address in Muggleton Road, Amesbury on Saturday evening (June 30) after a man and woman, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property," the police said.
Amesbury lies seven miles (11 kms) to the north of Salisbury, where in March Russian former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia, fell severely ill after being poisoned by nerve agent.
on Twitter We've declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury. Full details here: https://t.co/yaaUqH97Te pic.twitter.com/xryG8Cy7nV — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018
Police on Wednesday said sites that it believed the man and woman found in Amesbury had frequented in both Amesbury and Salisbury would be cordoned off overnight as a precaution.
It was initially thought the man and woman had possibly used crack cocaine or heroin from a batch of contaminated drugs, police said, adding that further testing was ongoing.
A Public Health England (PHE) spokesman said: "The current advice from PHE England, based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known."
The man and woman were being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, which remains open as usual, police said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether you're an avid train spotter or not, it's hard to deny that there's something magnificent about seeing a historic locomotive in the flesh.
And one of the most beautiful will be passing through Bristol in just a few days' time.
Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806 will be at the head of the ten-carriage train on Thursday, April 26, as part of the Railway Touring Company's marathon nine-day ‘Great Britain XI' steam train tour around England, Scotland and Wales.
The occasion will mark the first time a main line passenger train has been hauled by a Southern Railway 1920s ‘mogul' steam locomotive in more than 50 years.
Thursday's special train is being operated by the Railway Touring Company – based at King's Lynn in Norfolk – with the carriages being supplied by West Coast Railways.
Ticket prices for the nine-day tour start from an eye-watering £2,695, but you can see the beauty for free if you're in the right place at the right time.
Below is all the information you need to know about the stunning locomotive's journey, including when it will pass through Bristol.
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
When is it coming to the area?
No. 31806 is due to pass through Filton Abbey Wood at 9.54am and arrive at Bristol East Depot DGL at 10.09am, before departing at 10.40am. It will then head on to Bath Spa, where it is due to arrive at 10.58am.
With No. 31806 on the front, the Great Britain XI is due to triumphantly steam into Swanage just after 6pm, reports Somerset Live.
What are the timings of its stops in the area?
Cardiff d 8.03am (45212)
Newport a 8.26am d 8.41am
East Usk Jn NY a 8.51am d 9.15am
Severn Tunnel Jn 9.33am
Pilning 9.45am
Filton Abbey Wood 9.54am
Bristol East Depot DGL a 10.09am d 10.40am
Bath Spa 10.58am
Bradford Jn 11.17am
Westbury a 11.28am d 11.33am
Frome a 11.48am d 12pm
Castle Cary 12.23pm
Yeovil Pen Mill a 12.45pm d 12.47pm
Yeovil Jn a 12.55pm
Yeovil Jn d 2.42pm (45212) (31806 at rear)
Yeovil Pen Mill a 2.50pm d 2.55pm
Maiden Newton a 3.47pm d 3.54pm
Dorchester West a 3.47pm d 3.54pm
Weymouth a 4.07pm
Weymouth d 4.35pm (45212) (31806 at rear)
Dorchester South 4.50pm
Wool 5.03pm
Wareham a 5.10pm
Wareham d 5.15pm (31806) (45212 at rear)
Worgret Jn 5.19pm
Corfe Castle 5.??
Swanage a 6.05pm
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
Why is it coming to the area?
Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806 will be at the head of the ten-carriage train on Thursday, April 26 as part of the Railway Touring Company's marathon nine-day ‘Great Britain XI' steam train around England, Scotland and Wales.
Thursday's special train is being operated by the Railway Touring Company – based at King's Lynn in Norfolk – with the carriages being supplied by West Coast Railways.
With the assistance of another steam locomotive, No. 31806 will be hauling the long train up the climb from Yeovil Junction to Evershot before the descent down to Maiden Newton and Dorchester.
Known as a ‘mogul' because of its distinctive 2-6-0 wheel arrangement, No. 31806 will then haul the train – still with another steam locomotive assisting – up the bank from Dorchester to Bincombe Tunnel before the descent down to Weymouth.
The ‘Great Britain XI' excursion then runs back to Dorchester and on to Wareham where No. 31806 will haul the train to Worgret Junction where it will leave the main line and run on to the Swanage Railway for the final nine-miles of the journey to Swanage.
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
What is the Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806?
Trevor Parsons, Swanage Railway Company chairman, said: “No. 31806 carried out a successful main line test run between Weymouth, Dorchester, Yeovil and Wareham on Friday, April 13 ahead of Thursday's ‘Great Britain XI' excursion train thanks to the permission of Network Rail.
“The Southern Railway ‘mogul' steam locomotives, of the same class as No. 31806, were based at Bournemouth and Weymouth from the 1920s to the 1960s – working stopping trains between the two towns as well as cross-country trains from Salisbury to Bournemouth, Poole and Swanage. The locomotives also hauled freight trains.
“So it can haul trains on the main line, No. 31806 was upgraded thanks to a £75,000 Government grant to the Swanage Railway Trust from the Department for Transport's Heritage and Community Rail Tourism Innovation Competition. The Trust supplied £25,000 of labour towards the work which also included the upgrade of five carriages.
“With No. 31806 now equipped with the required signalling and monitoring equipment required to run on Network Rail, the upgrade work to the locomotive – as well as a set of five carriages – gives the Swanage Railway the potential to run special steam trains from Swanage and Corfe Castle to the main line at Wareham in the future.”
What is this Great Britain XI tour?
The Great Britain XI excursion train started its marathon nine-day journey from London's King's Cross station on Thursday, 19 April, 2018, with the tour of England, Scotland and Wales ending at London's Victoria station on Friday, 27 April, 2018.
More information about the Railway Touring Company's ‘Great Britain XI' steam train tour of England, Scotland and Wales is available from the company's website here.
WWE News: What happened when SmackDown went off the air? (14th February, 2017)
Dean Ambrose defeated on The Miz in an Intercontinental Championship contest.
by Riju Dasgupta News 15 Feb 2017, 15:52 IST
The referee catches Maryse getting involved in the title match
What's the story?
After a power-packed main event on SmackDown that featured WWE Champion Bray Wyatt in his very first title defence (against former champions John Cena and AJ Styles), fans inside the arena were treated to a dark match when the cameras stopped rolling.
This match featured the Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose defending his title against The Miz, reviving their rivalry. Ambrose picked up the win with The Dirty Deeds after the referee caught Maryse interfering. You can watch the match below:
In case you didn't know...
Dean Ambrose is currently part of a feud with Baron Corbin after their encounter in the Elimination Chamber. Earlier, the two men had thrown fists at one another and Ambrose had been taken to a medical facility soon after.
It seemed baffling that not only would he return, he would be fit to compete, even in kayfabe. The two men fought in a ring set up for 205 Live. The match went on for a sum total of just around 13 minutes and can be viewed in its entirety at this location.
The heart of the matter
After a long and personal feud, Dean Ambrose defeated The Miz on SmackDown Live to become Intercontinental Champion for the second time in his career. The Miz had elevated the title during his reign, and his obsession for the Championship was one of the central features of SmackDown Live.
This dark match is a repeat of both their on-air matches over the past few months, and dark segments. Much like the on-air segment, The Miz's wife Maryse got involved in this one too.
What's next?
As of now, The Miz has moved beyond the Ambrose program and is slated to enter one with John Cena soon. Much like the last feud with Ambrose, Maryse will be involved in this one as well, with Cena's girlfriend Nikki Bella.
The seeds for the same were sown in Elimination Chamber. Dean Ambrose is currently in a program with Baron Corbin as previously mentioned. It is unlikely that The Miz and Ambrose will revive their feud anytime soon.
Sportskeeda's take
Both these men should be in high profile matches at Wrestlemania as they are two of the top stars on Smackdown Live. This may have been the last time the two men face each other, for a long time.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Milan, December 11 - A 27-year-old man who on Saturday ran over and injured several visitors at a Christmas market in Sondrio in a car is accused of attempting to cause a "massacre", sources said Monday. The man, named as Michele Bordoni, is also accused of grievous body harm of a police officer and resisting arrest, in charges prosecutors are set to present a judge when asking for the suspect to remain in jail. Bordoni alleged wanted to "indifferently kill a number of people". The man said "I should have killed more of them" when he was arrested, sources said on Monday. He was first taken to hospital and then moved to a prison on Sunday.
The Edmonton Eskimos acquired defensive lineman Jake Ceresna from the Ottawa Redblacks on Friday.
Ottawa received defensive lineman Odell Willis, who the Redblacks then traded to the B.C. Lions for a fourth round pick in the 2018 draft and a player off the Lions' negotiation list.
Ceresna played 14 games in his first CFL season last year, recording 18 tackles and two quarterback sacks for Ottawa.
Ceresna spent time with the New York Jets in the NFL before starting his CFL career.
Film camera. (Photo by Jeremy Yap via Unsplash)
Ever felt like there is nothing worthwhile to watch?
You might want to check out the Vatican's list of ‘Some Important Films'.
In 1995, Pope John Paul II addressed the Plenary Assembly of the Pontifical Commission for Social Communications, on an important occasion: the 100th anniversary of cinematography.
“Since the first public audience in Paris viewed the moving pictures prepared by the Lumière brothers in December 1895, the film industry has become a universal medium exercising a profound influence on the development of people's attitudes and choices, and possessing a remarkable ability to influence public opinion and culture across all social and political frontiers,” the Pope said.
“The Church's overall judgment of this art form, as of all genuine art, is positive and hopeful,” he added.
In his message, the Pope encouraged filmmakers to produce films that strove for the highest ideals of art, rather than those that uncritically showcase immorality and dehumanizing behavior.
“Genuine art is about truth, goodness, and beauty. Its purpose must be to serve the integral well-being and development of those to whom it is directed,” he said.
Later that year, the Vatican released a list of films humbly titled “Some Important Films”, which were chosen by a committee of 12 international movie scholars appointed by the head of the pontifical commission, Archbishop John Foley. At the time of the list's release, Archbishop Foley stressed that it was not exhaustive.
The films were divided into three categories of “Religion,” “Values,” and “Art,” with 15 films in each.
The list includes well-known classics such as “It's a Wonderful Life”, “Citizen Kane” and “The Wizard of Oz,” as well as some more religious choices such as “Ben-Hur” and “A Man for All Seasons.”
Today, the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano also occasionally issues film reviews.
Below is the full list from 1995. How many have you seen? Are there any films you would add? Tell us in the comments!
‘Some Important Films' – the full list:
‘Religion'
• Andrei Rublev (1966)
• Babette's Feast (1987)
• Ben-Hur (1959)
• The Flowers of St. Francis (1950)
• Francesco (1989)
• The Gospel According to St. Matthew (1966)
• La Passion de Notre Seigneur Jesus-Christ (1905)
• A Man for All Seasons (1966)
• The Mission (1986)
• Monsieur Vincent (1947)
• Nazarin (1958)
• Ordet (1954)
• The Passion of Joan of Arc (1928)
• The Sacrifice (1986)
• Therese (1986)
‘Values'
• Au Revoir les Enfants (1988)
• The Bicycle Thief (1949)
• The Burmese Harp (1956)
• Chariots of Fire (1981)
• The Decalogue (1988)
• Dersu Uzala (1975)
• Gandhi (1982)
• Intolerance (1916)
• It's a Wonderful Life (1946)
• On the Waterfront (1954)
• Rome, Open City (1945)
• Schindler's List (1993)
• The Seventh Seal (1956)
• The Tree of Wooden Clogs (1978)
• Wild Strawberries (1957)
‘Art'
• Citizen Kane (1941)
• 8½ (1963)
• Fantasia (1940)
• Grand Illusion (1937)
• La Strada (1954)
• The Lavender Hill Mob (1951)
• The Leopard (1963)
• Little Women (1933)
• Metropolis (1927)
• Modern Times (1936)
• Napoleon (1927)
• Nosferatu (1922)
• Stagecoach (1939)
• 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)
• The Wizard of Oz (1939)
For a brief description of each film, go to: http://archive.usccb.org/movies/vaticanfilms.shtml
The rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below.
The player's name and number — complete with diamond — are on one side. The Philip F. Anschutz Trophy and team motto "All for One" adorns the other.
The team's 20-5-9 regular-season record and MLS record 59 points are inscribed on the inside of the ring. There are three stones stamped into the bottom of the ring to mark the three trophies won: the MLS Cup, Canadian Championship and Supporters' Shield.
Baron says it takes 10-12 weeks to make the rings. The process starts with a 3-D modelling program, which becomes a wax model that is cast.
The MLSE order called for 795 rings, with the exact bling varying over five different tiers.
"Every (MLSE) staff member is getting one," said Manning, who already has an MLS championship ring from 2009 with Real Salt Lake and a USL ring from 1999 with the Minnesota Thunder plus an NFC Conference champions ring in 2004 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
That includes the soccer team's "go-to babysitters" and BMO Field security.
"When we say all for one, it does mean everybody," said Manning
The staff rings are slated to be handed out Thursday.
The TFC boss declined to say how much the player rings cost.
"But I'll tell you that we as a company invested a lot of money not only for the players but our staff," he said.
Suffice to say you could probably buy a modest economy car with the cost of the deluxe players' ring.
The TFC players were quick to show off the new bling on social media. Striker Jozy Altidore posted a photo of himself wearing the massive rink on his little finger.
"I would pinky swear, but my pinky ring is too big," he wrote.
Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco posted a close-up of his ring-wearing hand with the caption "The Lord of the Ring."
"Got a Ring!!!" tweeted defender Chris Mavinga, with several shots of his new jewelry.
Baron Championship Rings is a family affair, founded some 30 years ago. Richard Baron started with a Toronto jewelry store that did class and other rings but the business expanded into championship rings about 10 years ago.
Baron and Jostens, based out of Minneapolis, are the big players in championship bling. Jostens did the rings for the Houston Astros, Seattle Sounders, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots and Chicago Cubs to celebrate their recent titles and have partnered with the reigning NFL champion Philadelphia Eagles.
By the Bling
A look at the Toronto FC player championship rings:
— Each one has an approximate 3.30 carat weight.
— The ring includes 132 round brilliant diamonds, 42 princess-cut black diamonds, 2 custom-made black onyx stones (for the T logo), and a red garnet stone (with Toronto encrusted in it).
— The ring is 10-karat white gold ring with a 14-karat yellow gold star at the top.
— All rings weighs about 80 to 85 grams (depending on finger size), measuring 30 by 34 millimetres.
(Source: Baron Championship Rings)
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Greater Trail RCMP confirms a report about an assault on a minor hockey referee in the Rossland arena was filed Saturday afternoon. (Photo by Matthew Fournier on Unsplash)
Berating a 15-year-old hockey referee then getting hands on with the senior official who intervened is outrageous, a thirtysomething Trail referee recounted.
But the worst part?
He says it's the parents who stood by in the Rossland Arena Friday night and either heckled or did nothing.
“I've been involved in Greater Trail Minor Hockey going on 30 years,” the ref told the Trail Times. “I've never seen anything like this and I think this story needs to be told because what happened is crazy – and it happens way more than it should right across the country.”
The misconduct began during a Bantam house game between Trail and Castlegar in the early evening of Jan. 26.
The senior referee showed up to officiate a later Bantam game – Greater Trail Minor Hockey Association held a Bantam tournament last weekend – when he noticed a group of spectators being verbally aggressive from the stands.
“They were yelling, giving the kids a rough time,” he explained. “So I hung around for a bit instead of getting ready.”
Then something happened on the ice, some pushing or shoving.
“The two young linesmen and one referee, all of them 15-years old, dealt with it,” the ref recalled. “They were at the penalty box doing their thing so I thought they had it all under control and the crowd was quiet.”
With only 20 minutes left before the next game start at 7:30 p.m., the man went to lace up in the ref's dressing room which is located close to the ice entrance/exit.
Shortly after, he could hear a very loud voice.
“I could hear the teams coming off the ice and I could hear some really loud elevated shouting right outside the (dressing room) door,” he continued. “By what this person was screaming, I knew he was yelling at the young referee himself.”
When the older official went into the corridor, he says the young ref was backed up against the wall with the parent screaming at a hair's breadth from the teenager.
“So I got myself between this guy and the young referee, I told the kid to go into the dressing room, then I proceeded to scold this man,” the ref said. “I wanted this guy to switch his focus to me and we exchanged words.”
The situation took an even uglier turn when the parent got physical with the senior official.
“He straight armed me to the throat because I wouldn't let him by to give the young fella more words” the ref told the Times. “And I wasn't going to let that happen.”
What happened next, rather what didn't happen next, is especially unsettling.
“All the while a large group of parents from Trail and Castlegar stood there and watched and none of them came to help,” he added.
“Several of them even heckled me for scolding this man, they said I was out of line.”
After the situation calmed with new players and parents arriving in the Rossland rink, the ref was left visibly shaken. Yes, he was disappointed with what had just transpired, but mostly, he was angry.
He reported the incident to BC Hockey and then on Saturday, to police.
“I am a full grown man and I can take care of myself so I am not going to press charges,” said the ref, who is also a father. “But they wanted documentation and that's why I filed a police report. All I could think about was what if there was another 15-year-old kid coming to ref the next game and not me – I mean how would you like it if someone yelled at your 15-year old like that?
“These are kids.”
Sgt. Darren Oelke from the Greater Trail RCMP confirmed a report was made to the detachment the afternoon of Jan. 27.
“The victim did not want criminal charges pursued in the matter,” Oelke said. “Basically the parent was reported to be verbally aggressive toward a 15-year-old linesman (sic) and when the head referee intervened he was pushed by the parent. It is being investigated by the BC Minor Hockey Association.”
Oelke says it's important to keep in mind that in minor hockey, the referees and linesmen are often only slightly older than the kids on the ice.
“Many rinks have adopted a yellow card policy where zero abuse by fans/parents will be accepted,” he said. “I understand the parent in this matter was banned from the rink in Rossland. Our file is concluded.”
David Flanagan, West Kootenay Lead for BC Hockey, says he was made aware of the incident shortly after it happened and immediately corresponded with all officials involved.
“I have gathered statements from all the officials that were affected by this incident and I have been corresponding with Greater Trail Minor Hockey providing them with written statements from the officials involved,” Flanagan said, clarifying a full investigation is underway by GTMHA.
“Further action includes liaising with Greater Trail Minor Hockey, West Kootenay Minor Hockey, and BC Hockey to ensure the appropriate discipline will be handed down to this parent, implementing steps to prevent a future similar situation, and communicating with all the officials involved to make sure they are supported after this negative experience.”
Still visibly upset but stressing this kind of conduct will not be tolerated in Greater Trail, the ref asked not to be identified. He plans on staying active as an official, and was concerned about whispers between the young players themselves.
“I am still going to be a referee and this guy might have more kids so I don't want to be , ‘that (expletive) who got my dad in trouble.”
The bottom line, he stresses, is that this was a Trail dad at a Trail game with Trail officiating.
“And no one came forward to help,” he said. “So I think the punishment is not enough. He will be banned for the remainder of the year at minimum for all greater Trail minor hockey events.
“But I think his kid and all of those parents should be banned for the rest of the season as well,” he concluded.
“Because really, is this something we want in hockey?”
Got a news tip? Email me.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of drivers are being left without insurance by fraudsters flogging fake policies, cops believe.
Detectives are investigating a growing number of cases where motorists have been tricked into parting with cash by so-called “ghost brokers”.
Nearly 900 reports of such scams have been made, costing victims and insurers an estimated £631,000.
But it is thought the true scale is far worse, with many drivers having no idea their policies are phoney until they make claims or get stopped by police.
The alert comes as the City of London Police insurance fraud squad launches a national campaign tomorrow warning of the dangers.
(Image: Getty)
Analysis of the crime figures shows men in their twenties are most likely to get targeted, often through social media such as Facebook and Instagram or messaging apps like Snapchat.
The crooks often put messages on student websites or money-saving forums and advertise in pubs, clubs, newsagents and car repair shops. They offer cover at tempting-looking rates, sometimes as little as £100.
Most fraudsters forge documents but others take out genuine policies, then cancel them and claim refunds as well as pocketing their victims' money.
(Image: Getty)
One of the worst cases involved a crook who set up 133 fake policies worth £90,0000. Another scammed nearly £60,000 before he was caught.
Police spokesman Det Chief Insp Andy Fyfe said: “Ghost brokers leave victims with policies that are worthless and open to the severe harm that comes with driving without valid insurance.
“They also cause financial harm to the insurance industry by pushing up the cost of premiums.”
The Insurance Fraud Bureau said it was vital to raise awareness of the issue.
Saturday Sports: Super Bowl Time NPR's Scott Simon talks with Howard Bryant of ESPN about what's happening in the world of sports — including Sunday's Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles.
YPSILANTI, Mich. — Elijah Minnie scored 16 of his 22 points in a close first half and Eastern Michigan used a big run in the second half to roll to a 58-41 win over Ball State on Saturday.
Minnie's layup gave the Eagles (13-10, 4-6 Mid-American) a 27-26 halftime lead. James Thompson IV scored the first five points on a 15-0 run and Minnie had six points, making it 56-36 with just over five minutes remaining. Ball State missed six shots and had three turnovers in a drought that last almost seven minutes.
Thompson and Tim Bond both had nine of their 11 points in the second half with Thompson also grabbing 14 rebounds. Bond had seven rebounds, four blocks, three steals and three assists.
Eastern Michigan shot 53 per cent and held Ball State to 27 per cent, blocking 13 shots.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-SIU-Edwardsville-Missouri Box
NO. 17 MISSOURI 78, SIU-EDWARDSVILLE 48
SIU-EDWARDSVILLE (3-5)
Troeckler 1-5 2-2 4, Bauman 3-8 1-2 7, Alston 3-11 0-0 9, Beck 3-10 1-1 7, White 0-7 2-2 2, Adams 4-8 2-2 12, Boone 0-0 0-0 0, Berzina 0-0 0-0 0, Churchill 2-11 0-0 6, King 0-1 1-2 1, Whitlock 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 16-62 9-11 48.
MISSOURI (9-1)
Frericks 2-5 1-2 5, Porter 2-9 1-3 5, Aldridge 0-3 0-0 0, Cunningham 11-16 6-7 35, Smith 0-5 0-0 0, Michael 1-3 0-0 3, Schuchts 2-3 2-2 8, Tahane 1-2 3-4 5, Brown 0-0 0-0 0, Chavis 2-2 0-0 5, Green 0-0 0-0 0, Roundtree 3-6 0-0 9, Winfrey 1-1 0-0 3, Totals 25-55 13-18 78.
SIU-Edwardsville 9 19 14 6 —48 Missouri 19 18 28 13 —78
3-Point Goals_SIU-Edwardsville 7-21 (Troeckler 0-3, Alston 3-8, White 0-1, Adams 2-2, Churchill 2-6, King 0-1), Missouri 15-31 (Porter 0-1, Aldridge 0-3, Cunningham 7-12, Smith 0-3, Michael 1-2, Schuchts 2-3, Chavis 1-1, Roundtree 3-5, Winfrey 1-1). Assists_SIU-Edwardsville 10 (Churchill 3), Missouri 22 (Smith 5). Fouled Out_SIU-Edwardsville White, Rebounds_SIU-Edwardsville 32 (Bauman 7), Missouri 46 (Frericks 10). Total Fouls_SIU-Edwardsville 19, Missouri 13. A_3,234.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OTTAWA — Dozens of activists championing the rights of women and girls are gathering in Ottawa this week to make sure Prime Minister Justin Trudeau remembers his promise to bring along his lauded feminist credentials when he hosts G7 leaders at a resort in La Malbaie, Que., in June.
The Liberal government is making gender equality a major theme of its G7 presidency this year, including by pushing for measures aimed at boosting the economic empowerment of women and increasing female participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
The W7 summit — with the 'W' standing for 'women' — that opens tomorrow is a way to ensure the voices of feminist activists from around the world are heard around that exclusive table.
The group of about 70 women from 20 countries will be delivering their own set of recommendations for how Canada and other G7 countries could address gender equality, including when it comes to peace and security, climate change, violence against women and how to build a stronger — and more inclusive — feminist movement.
That's when Walker went to work in the fourth. He hit 4 of 6 attempts and all four free throws in the final quarter.
"He plays like that the next 30-something games, I'm cool with it," Batum said. "I'm cool with it."
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when he entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. ... Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. ... C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totalled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. ... Marvin Williams missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. ... Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double — the longest active streak in the NBA — was his 33rd of the season.
BURKE'S BIG GAME
Sure, Burke has been an NBA head coach before.
"Summer League only," the Pacers assistant coach said. "And I know this is no Summer League."
Burke debuted as acting head coach for Indiana on Friday night as Nate McMillan sat out the one-game road trip for personal reasons. McMillan is expected to return to lead the team Saturday at home against Philadelphia.
The 21-year Pacers coaching veteran usually focuses primarily on defence, so he had to adjust to calling a full game.
"We've gotta do right by Coach Nate," Burke said. "I think we want to give him a good effort, unified effort. When your leader is gone, you want to perform. I think it's a good compliment to that leader."
TWO FROM (MOST) 3S
After hitting five 3-pointers, Walker has 928 career 3-pointers — just one behind the Charlotte franchise mark of 929 by Dell Curry.
Walker was hoping to break the record in front of his Charlotte fans, but the Hornets head for a four-game road trip beginning Sunday.
"Man, I really wanted to do it here at home," Walker said. "It is what it is."
UP NEXT
Pacers: Back home Saturday to host Philadelphia for a quick two-game homestand.
Hornets: Travel to Phoenix on Sunday for the first of a four-game West Coast road trip.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Jodie Valade, The Associated Press
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the "fraudulent" presidential elections.
"Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future," she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
South Korea sack coach Stielike after Qatar defeat - Yonhap
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 11:52 IST
South Korea's coach Uli Stielike consoles player Kim Jin-su (R) after their Asian Cup final soccer match against Australia at the Stadium Australia in Sydney January 31, 2015. REUTERS/Steve Christo/Files
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea coach Uli Stielike was fired on Thursday, Yonhap News Agency reported, two days after a 3-2 loss to Qatar put the country's hopes of automatic qualification for next year's World Cup finals in jeopardy.
The 62-year-old former Germany midfielder, who took over on a four-year contract in 2014, had been under pressure after two defeats in four qualifiers going into Tuesday's match.
The loss in Doha leaves the Red Devils just one point ahead of Uzbekistan in second place in Group A of Asian qualifying with two matches remaining. The Uzbeks host South Korea in the final round of matches in early September.
South Korea have played at the last eight World Cup finals, reaching the semi-finals on home soil in 2002, and, under Stielike, were losing finalists at the 2015 Asian Cup.
(Reporting by Christine Kim, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When police forced their way into a Downend bedsit they found a drugs stash and weapons “arsenal”.
Ben Williams was storing heroin and crack cocaine worth just under £30,000, Bristol Crown Court heard.
He also had a crossbow, air pistol, BB gun, sheath knife and lock knife.
The 20-year-old, who was renting a room in Downend Road, pleaded guilty to possessing heroin and cocaine with intent to supply.
Philip Warren, prosecuting, said police forced their way into Williams' room in May last year and found weighing scales, a crossbow, airgun, BB gun and two knives.
They also found quantities of heroin, cocaine and crack cocaine with a street value of almost £30,000, Mr Warren said.
Williams was found hiding in an attic of another property, in Redland.
(Image: Avon and Somerset Police)
He made no comment when interviewed.
James Tucker, defending, told the court: “At the time he was living alone in a bedsit.
“He was vulnerable.
“He had been in a relationship and he was arrested in the early hours from an address associated with a young lady.
“He was isolated. He moved away from the support and protection of his mother. He was vulnerable, he was trying to make his own way.”
Mr Tucker said drugs and weapons recovered by police did not solely belong to Williams, who he described as a disposable asset used by those higher up the chain.
Judge Mark Horton jailed him for two years and five months on Thursday, February 1.
He told Williams: “These are extremely serious matters.
“People who are involved in the sale of Class A drugs, even in very small quantities on the street, expect and receive from these courts an immediate sentence.
“The reason – those drugs, one way or another, destroy everyone who touches them.”
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- An attempt to develop a safe and effective "male pill" is making headway, according to preliminary results of a small study.
In a four-week trial of men under 50, an experimental hormone-based birth control pill was found to be "well-tolerated."
And participants' testosterone levels dropped significantly along with two hormones essential for sperm production, the U.S. study team noted.
Study author Dr. Stephanie Page described the results as "a promising step forward" in the development of a male version of the female birth control pill.
But don't ditch your condoms just yet. Page added that "larger, longer-term studies are clearly needed to address potential side effects."
Interest in a male birth control pill is strong, she said.
"Women have many options, but many women cannot use hormonal and other methods available to them," said Page, who heads the University of Washington's division of metabolism and endocrinology, in Seattle.
"Men are increasingly interested in sharing the burden of contraception, as well as controlling their own fertility," she noted.
For the study, researchers evaluated three doses (100, 200 and 400 milligrams) of a once-daily contraceptive prototype called dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU). Two formulations were tried inside the capsules, either powder or castor oil.
DMAU combines activity of a hormone like testosterone and a progestin. It was developed by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, which funded the study.
It differs from prior attempts to create a male birth control pill in several ways. It contains just one steroid, rather than two, and was not associated with any liver toxicity, something that has plagued prior male pill efforts, Page said. And "unlike other oral testosterone derivatives, DMAU only needs to be dosed once a day," she added.
For the study, the researchers randomly divided 100 men into groups of 20 or less. Some men were given a sugar pill (placebo), while others were given a daily oral dose of DMAU at one of the three chosen doses. DMAU was always consumed with food.
Blood tests revealed that at the highest dose, DMAU suppressed production of testosterone and two other hormones -- LH and FSH -- known to be key to sperm production.
But none of the study participants displayed complications that might arise from testosterone deficiency, such as mood changes or disturbances in terms of sexual function.
However, all who took DMAU experienced mild weight gain (roughly 3 to 9 pounds), and a mild drop in so-called "good" cholesterol (HDL). No serious side effects were reported.
Page added, however, that a drop in sperm-producing hormones "is not the same thing" as demonstrating an actual drop in sperm count.
"We need to do a longer trial -- three to six months -- to demonstrate that sperm productions falls with longer use of DMAU," she said. Twenty-eight days "is not long enough" to fully answer that question, she explained.
"However, we know from our work, and those of many others in the field, that the degree of 'sperm supporting' hormone suppression that we observed in this study should be adequate to prevent sperm maturation," Page said.
She reiterated that "this was a very small study, and there is still a lot of work to be done." That follow-up effort is getting underway at the University of Washington and LA Biomed Harbor-UCLA.
According to Page, multinational surveys indicate that a majority of men are interested in more options for reversible contraception.
Currently, the only reversible male contraceptive is the condom, which is not the most reliable method of birth control, she pointed out.
The study results were presented Sunday in Chicago at a meeting of the Endocrine Society. Research released at meetings is generally considered preliminary until peer-reviewed for publication in a medical journal.
More information
There's more on men's health at the U.S. National Institutes of Health.
SOURCES: Stephanie Page M.D., Ph.D., head, division of metabolism and endocrinology, and co-director, UW Medicine Diabetes Institute, and professor of medicine, lipid research, University of Washington, Seattle; March 18, 2018, Endocrine Society meeting, Chicago Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ASK FOR ANGELA: Royal Hotel staff member Mackenzi Finger wants everyone to have a safe night out in Gympie.
ASK FOR ANGELA: Royal Hotel staff member Mackenzi Finger wants everyone to have a safe night out in Gympie. Renee Albrecht
A NORMAL enough night out should never turn into irretrievable disaster, but it can happen.
Royal Hotel owner Stacey Lowe says people who feel things have become unsafe now have an escape route.
Anyone at her hotel who finds themselves in some sort of trouble can now "ask for Angela".
The Ask for Angela campaign is new here, but originated in Lincolnshire in Britain.
It has now been brought to Australia by Ms Lowe's daughter, Mackenzi Finger.
"The general idea is that if you are out for the night and feel uncomfortable, you can now ask a member of the hotel staff for 'Angela' and they can get you a taxi, help you leave discreetly or help in any other way to get you into a more comfortable situation," she said.
Mackenzi thought it was a good idea when she heard about it in England and was reminded of it while working at the hotel one recent Saturday night, when she received a text message from a girlfriend needing "help on the smokers' deck".
Mackenzi went to her friend and told her someone was asking for her and was there to pick her up.
"Venue owners and operators will need to ensure all staff and security know the system," she said.
"It's another step in creating the safest environment we can for visitors and people in our community when they are in our venues, late at night or otherwise."
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Gunmen have killed the mayor of a town in western Mexico where three Italian men went missing in late January.
The prosecutors' office in Jalisco state says the mayor of Tecalitlan was gunned down by assailants wielding rifles.
A Tecalitlan municipal worker was wounded in the attack Monday.
The missing Italians are Raffaele Russo, his 25-year-old son Antonio Russo and his 29-year-old nephew Vincenzo Cimmino, all from the Naples area.
Several municipal police officers were arrested in February in connection with their disappearance. Authorities said the agents apparently handed the men over to a criminal gang and they have not been heard from since.
More than 60 mayors or mayors-elect have been killed in Mexico since 2006, often by criminal gangs.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eddie Jones has hit back at critics of his brutal training methods and ignited a club versus country row.
Bath owner Bruce Craig lambasted Jones' regime after five of his club's players were injured in the England camp — including prop Beno Obano, who is set to miss a full year, and flanker Sam Underhill.
In all, FIFTEEN players have been crocked while training with England in the past two years, with Wasps flanker Sam Jones being forced to RETIRE at age 26 after suffering a gruesome leg injury wrestling at the now-notorious Brighton get-together in 2016.
Jack Nowell, Anthony Watson, George Kruis, Tom Curry and Jonny May have also been casualties during Red Rose training.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
And the latest victim is Worcester centre Ben Te'o, who was forced out of the forthcoming tour to South Africa after aggravating a thigh injury in the gym on Tuesday.
But Jones reckons his players need to train tough to prepare themselves for the hothouse environment of Test match rugby.
The England head coach said: “I don't have any concerns. We train appropriately for Test match rugby.
“The only reason I'd alter it is if we need to train harder, or we need to train lighter, to be at our best for Test matches.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“We prepare players for Test matches. I don't think anyone at a club has the right to tell a coach how to train a Test team.
“You never want to get players injured, you're always looking to train appropriately for the game, but we play a collision sport.”
Jones' squad fly to South Africa on Saturday for a three-Test trip that kicks off in Johannesburg the following Saturday.
Billy Vunipola is on the plane after coming through an hour of the Premiership final last weekend for Saracens after hamstring trouble.
(Image: PA Wire)
Jones is keeping his fingers crossed the No.8 will be fully firing come the first Test at Ellis Park after a knee injury and a broken arm kept him out of the autumn internationals and the Six Nations.
“We still have a concern over his hamstring and how fit he is going to be," said the Australian. “It's still a little bit tight so we have just got to be careful with him. He might be right for Saturday week.
“We have gone through a long period without Billy and while he's a great player we have been able to cope without him. We want him back in the side, but if he's not, we will work out another way to play.”
Invest Atlanta has closed on the new round of Housing Opportunity Bonds providing $32 million for critical affordable and workforce housing development initiatives, including homeowner renovations, multifamily loans, single family loans, nonprofit development loans, and land assemblage.
Back in March, both the Atlanta City Council and the Invest Atlanta Board of Directors unanimously approved the issuance of the bonds.
“This is tremendous step forward in securing affordable housing for the residents of Atlanta,” said Councilmember Julian Bond, who introduced the legislation authorizing the bond issuance, when the legislation passed.
“Housing is about people,” added Councilmember Andre Dickens, a former member of the Invest Atlanta board. “This bond is an important tool to develop equitable and inclusionary housing options for our residents and promote development without displacement.”
The Housing Opportunity Bonds represent a key part of a larger housing strategy the City of Atlanta adopted in 2015, and the $32 million in HOB funds will be allocated to be used for Multifamily Loans ($10 million): Loans will be provided to nonprofit and for profit multifamily developers offering affordable rental workforce housing units; Single Family Loans ($10 million): Loans will be used for construction financing ($2 million), down payment assistance ($3 million, and owner occupied rehabilitation ($5 million); Non-Profit Development Loans ($4.5 million): Funds will be set aside for eligible nonprofit developers for multifamily and single family affordable housing development. Land Assemblage ($7.5 million): Funds to be used by non-profit and for-profit developers, as well as City Agencies, to acquire land and vacant property for affordable housing development.
The City Council first established the Housing Opportunity Bond Program in 2007. With the funding raised from this bond issuance, Invest Atlanta produced over 2,200 affordable housing units, leveraging over $260 million in capital investment.
The lessons learned and feedback received over the course of the past decade informed how the funding raised from this year's effort will be invested. For example, stakeholders emphasized the need for more funds for owner-occupied rehabilitation efforts to ensure more residents could stay in their homes.
“We are very excited and very happy this is coming to fruition,” said Alan Ferguson, Invest Atlanta's Vice President and Deputy Director of Community Development. “These allocations are based on the current market, as well as input from various groups: elected officials, neighborhood residents, community leaders, non-profits, and developers.”
In April and May, Invest Atlanta and the City of Atlanta's Office of Housing and Community Development hosted two Housing Opportunity Bond events at the Georgia Hill Neighborhood Center. Close to 200 interested affordable housing developers and advocates gathered together to participate in work sessions in which they delivered feedback and comment regarding the Housing Opportunity Bond Program guidelines.
Other notable attendees included Councilmembers Julian Bond, Andre Dickens, Cleta Winslow, as well as Planning Commissioner Tim Keane, Planning Deputy Commissioner Terri Lee, and Invest Atlanta Board Member Bill Bozarth.
Season 3 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is barely over and we've already been treated to the exciting news that #Netflix has renewed the show for another season. (If they could do the same for Sense8, all would be good in the world.) Since there are plenty of storylines left to explore, the confirmation of a fourth season for Kimmy doesn't come as much of a surprise — after all, we need to hear the follow-up hit to "Boobs in California"!
After she finally found her mom in Season 2, Season 3 continued on the path of self-exploration for Kimmy, who not only got a scholarship to Columbia but also started to learn to stand up for herself. Her character has one of the most unique and surprising takes on PTSD on TV, so it's crucial that Season 4 takes her further in coming to terms with her tricky past. Other than Kimmy's character arc, we're left free to imagine what kind of unlikely adventure is going to happen next, as the streaming giant has kept mum so far on the plot details of Season 4.
From the follow-up hit to "Boobs in California" to how well Kimmy will fare at her new tech company job, considering how suspicious she is of the internet, here are seven questions we desperately need answered in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4.
1. Can Titus Win Mikey Back?
He vowed he'd do so at the end of Season 3, but is there a future for Mikey and Titus? After all, we're talking about a man who isn't moved by the sight of a peacock on a leash. Still, we should leave it to Titus to channel his inner Beyoncé and get what he wants.
2. Will Jacqueline Save The Toilet Rat From Extinction?
Evolving from expert husband-snatcher to fighter for the good cause, Jacqueline has undergone some drastic personal changes over the course of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Who would have thought she'd be the one to reject her rich darling after he magically becomes hot because she wants to focus on issues that matter to her? With her new work as an agent, she might not have time to save the toilet rat from extinction, but either way she should have more exciting stuff to do than stand the company of the Snyder family.
3. Will Kimmy Find Her Dream Job?
At the end of Season 2, Kimmy found a job at a company helmed by a fellow Columbia student with a ball pit in the entrance. The question remains as to whether her enthusiasm will be enough for her to get over the disappointment of not making it as a crossing guard, despite receiving full marks on the exam (being married to a sex offender and bunker owner definitely doesn't help on the resume).
4. Will There Be A 'Boobs In California' Album?
Granted, the mastermind behind "Boobs in California" isn't exactly Titus's (or anyone's) dream collaborator, but the song has become an instant hit, and Titus deserves a second shot at fame after his questionable behavior with Dionne Warwick. I'm thinking a Broadway musical adaptation featuring the peacock.
5. Will Artie Die?
Now that Lillian's finally started to move on from the memory of her former husband, we just had to find out that her new crush doesn't have much longer to live. It seems just as unfair as locking yourself to a bulldozer and seeing no one reacting. Even with that dark premise, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt doesn't seem like it would actually include the death of a new and meaningful character, so here's to hoping that Artie will get the transplant that he needs.
6. Are We Going To See More Of Orange Is The New Black?
Because shared universes are all the rage now, Season 3 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt built a bridge with another popular Netflix show Orange Is the New Black. When Gretchen is sent away to prison after yet another attempt at starting her own cult, she lands in Litchfield — and is quick to find new adepts.
7. How Much More Drunk Tina Fey Can We Hope For?
Some of the best moments of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt come courtesy of its creator, Tina Fey. Her character Andrea, a psychiatrist who'd rather be anything but sober, was last seen at a mall sipping vodka from a giant soda cup. Truly, the show wouldn't be the same without her.
What are you hoping to see in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4?
(Source: Variety)
A file photo of Chicago, US. Mohammad Akbar was seriously wounded in the shooting on 6 December in the Albany Park neighbourhood in Chicago. Photo: Mint
New York: A 30-year-old Indian national pursuing his masters in Chicago has been seriously injured after he was shot in his right cheek by an unidentified assailant, according to media reports.
Mohammad Akbar was seriously wounded in the shooting on 6 December in the Albany Park neighbourhood in Chicago, according to reports and information provided by his family in India. Around 8:45am on Wednesday someone walked up to him and fired shots, Chicago Police was quoted as saying by the Chicago Tribune.
He was shot in the cheek and taken in serious condition to Illinois Masonic Medical Center, police said. The county police has started investigating the attack and is trying to trace the alleged assailants. Chicago police said they were not treating the attack as hate crime.
Nobody has been arrested yet. Akbar, who hails from Hyderabad, is studying for his postgraduate degree in computer systems networking and telecommunications at DeVry University in the US city, his family has said. He has been in Chicago for the past three years and currently staying in a flat on Whipple Street.
The shooting comes amidst growing attacks on Indians and Americans of Indian descent in recent months. Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a software engineer from India, was fatally shot in Olathe, Kansas, in February by a US navy veteran who had told him and his friend at a bar to go back to their country.
Weeks later, a Sikh man was shot in his arm in his driveway in Kent, Washington state, by a masked man who had told him go back to his “own country”.
A St. Cloud hair salon is joining other salons in an effort to recycle hair waste for use in everything from pet beds to oil spills.
The St. Cloud Times reports that Arbor Hair Studio has partnered with Canada-based Green Circle Salons. It's the 10th salon in Minnesota to work with the Canadian company.
Green Circles aims to recycle up to 90 percent of waste that salons normally send to landfills.
Stylists put cut hair into designated bins instead of throwing them away. The bins are then delivered to an Illinois warehouse where the company repurposes the hair through various projects.
Arbor also has separate waste bins to collect metal products.
A spokesman for the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency says it's a good thing when businesses take steps to reduce their environmental footprints.
World Cup 2018: Is it coming home for England?
Navyash Bhandari FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 150 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:09 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Football: Colombia vs England at World Cup
If you for even one second thought that this 2018 World Cup could not get crazier, you were wrong. The most unthinkable of unthinkables happened last night as England won on penalties against Colombia to get through to the quarter finals of the World Cup - yes you did just read 'England', 'winning' and 'penalties' in the same sentence.
For so long it seemed like a classic England performance, they were dominating the early proceedings, took the lead through Harry Kane and just when it seemed they could hold on, they concede from a corner. They almost paid for not creating and pushing Colombia when Colombia were on the back foot but somehow they crossed the line in the most un-England type fashion the world has known.
It wasn't pretty but it was just right. These England players are fearless and care free in a good way, yet have the grit to grind out results, something the best England teams of the past did not have. Going into this World Cup, not many had hope in this team, which was supposed to be England's weakest team on paper in years, but it seems to be that manager Gareth Southgate has assembled the perfect mix of boys led by Kane.
The most experienced of England's players have bottled it on the big stages in the past when it comes to penalties (David Beckham, Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard to name a few) so it does make sense that most England fans had their hearts in their mouths when youngsters like Marcus Rashford and Eric Dier were stepping up to take theirs.
Yet the penalties were buried with such confidence and ease, it would've been easy to forget it was for most of them, their first World Cup. To be so young and inexperienced and yet still bury your penalty in such a calm and collected manner shows Rashford's maturity level.
There really is something different about the squad this time. The team spirit, the aggressive tactics as well as the fans. The cojones the English boys showed to step up with no fear would've been motivating for the fans.
Colombia v England: Round of 16 - 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
England now play a very tricky and stubborn Swedish side in the quarters but there will not be a better chance to make their first semi finals since 1990 and potentially their first final since 1966.
Now, lets not get too ahead of ourselves but Sweden wouldn't have been the team England would have been expecting to face if they made it to the quarters, yet here we are. I was watching Sweden play Switzerland and Sweden's centre-backs, Lindelof and captain Granqvist were all over the Swiss. If England found it tough to break down Colombia, this will be a bigger challenge.
Changes are clearly necessary and I would like to see Rashford replace Sterling and maybe Ruben Loftus Cheek get in for Delle Alli but who knows what Southgate will be thinking?
All I know is it might just be coming home at this rate. England have won a penalty shootout and Jordan Pickford is a national hero. All the sneers about penalties will be gone and it's going to give the squad a massive confidence boost and definitely encourage them for the rest of the tournament.
England fans can already be very happy with this team and I personally think a semi final spot, possibly against Croatia awaits them but it's football and it's the World Cup, therefore anything can happen.
This is the fourth story in a five-part series on the issues surrounding Kinder Morgan's proposed expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline, investigating the history, science, Indigenous reaction, politics and economics of the controversial project. Read part one, part two, part three and part four.
There's a lot riding on the federal government's decision to take over the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project from Edmonton to its terminal in Burnaby.
Kinder Morgan agreed to carry on with its construction plan as part of Ottawa's offer to buy its Canadian assets, primarily the pipeline and its terminal, for $4.5 billion.
The federal purchase does not include the $7.4 billion construction budget, which is to be financed by Ottawa and Alberta. Kinder Morgan estimates that the first 20 years of construction and operation would generate $46.7 billion, including federal and provincial taxes paid. Over the same period, the company calculates that municipal tax payments over 20 years would total $922 million in B.C. and another $124 million in Alberta.
The Conference Board of Canada estimates the project would create the equivalent of 15,000 person-years of employment in construction and 37,000 direct, indirect and induced jobs each year it operates.
Benefits agreements have been signed with 19 communities, representing $8.6 million in infrastructure, education and training projects. Examples include $500,000 for improvements to Hope Community Park, $290,000 for trails and trades training in Barriere, $845,000 for community infrastructure and training in the Thompson Nicola Regional District, $390,000 for projects and training in Clearwater, $1.3 million to revitalize an Abbotsford golf course and $1.2 million for a new Vedder Greenway trail pedestrian bridge in Chilliwack.
There are another 43 “mutual benefit agreements” with Indigenous communities, 33 in B.C. and the rest in Alberta. Kinder Morgan says those agreements will see $400 million go to the communities, and agreements may be extended as the project proceeds.
Trans Mountain requires its contractors to have Indigenous monitors on its environmental inspection teams at all construction areas, advising on traditional land use and cultural values.
Beyond the direct jobs and community benefits agreements along the route, the project is a key step toward increased spill response capability on the B.C. coast. It also affects the supply of crude oil to southern B.C.'s last oil refinery and bigger refineries in Washington.
And then there are pending oil pipelines to the U.S., and another proposal to build a pipeline similar to the cancelled Northern Gateway pipeline across northern B.C.
Here's a closer look at the implications.
What happens if there's a spill
Spill response on the B.C. coast is the responsibility of Western Canada Marine Response Corp. (WCMRC), an industry-funded network of facilities and vessels that works with the Coast Guard to respond contain and clean up incidents.
As part of its Trans Mountain expansion, Kinder Morgan Canada committed $150 million to increased response equipment and bases, conditional on completion of the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project.
That funding was suspended in April, along with all non-essential spending on the pipeline, with Kinder Morgan seeking assurances by the end of May that further delays and demands won't be imposed on a project that has already received federal and provincial approval.
WCMRC plans include response bases at Burrard Inlet, on the Lower Fraser River, Nanaimo, Port Alberni, Sidney, Beecher Bay in the Juan de Fuca Strait, as well as an offshore supply vessel to be based at Ogden Point in Victoria. Kinder Morgan's conditions laid down by the National Energy Board require that those facilities be up and running nine months before the Trans Mountain expansion begins operation.
Ogden Point is Victoria's cruise ship terminal, and may also be the location of a new spill response vessel financed by Kinder Morgan Canada if the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion proceeds. (Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)
The project suspension puts all that work on hold, said Michael Lowry, communications manager for WCMRC.
“We were close to signing leases in a lot of these spots,” Lowry said.
“We had construction vendors all lined up, tender packages ready to go to start construction this summer.”
The goal of the response bases is to reduce the maximum response time for Vancouver Harbour from six hours to two. The six-hour maximum would then be applied to the entire southern B.C. shipping lane, where in remote places the response time can be up to 72 hours.
In November 2016, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced an upgrade to marine spill response for the West Coast. It included two new large vessels capable of towing large freighters or other ships in distress, such as the U.S. tugboat and fuel barge that had run aground near Bella Bella on the remote B.C. coast.
“Canada has the longest coastline in the world, and it's a poorly kept secret that we haven't done enough to protect it,” Trudeau said after touring Vancouver harbour aboard a Coast Guard vessel.
Cleanup crew works on Burrard Inlet shoreline after a backhoe ruptured the Trans Mountain pipeline in July 2007. About 224 cubic metres of heavy synthetic crude was spilled, affecting a residential area, a creek and the inlet shore after some of the oil ran down a storm drain outfall. Approximately 95 per cent of the released oil was recovered. (Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)(Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)
That national project was not a direct response to the potential for increased tanker traffic. The B.C. government calculates that while all eyes are on the potential seven-fold increase in oil tankers, the Trans Mountain expansion represents only a six per cent increase in total shipping.
There has never been a spill of crude oil tanker cargo in B.C., after 64 years of Trans Mountain delivering crude to the Westridge tanker terminal at Burnaby, and daily Alaska tanker traffic past B.C. for nearly 50 years. Recent spills included a fuel system rupture of the freighter MV Marathassa in Vancouver harbour in 2015, spilling bunker fuel, a semi-refined product carried in large quantities by many ocean-going vessels.
Oil price and investment
Alberta oil is “landlocked,” as a U.S. protest network's strategy first described it in 2008. Pipeline backers point to the discount on Western Canada Select, as Alberta heavy oil is called by traders, and West Texas Intermediate, the similar grade of U.S. crude.
Between 2012 and 2017, the price difference averaged $16.54 a barrel. As the Fraser Institute pointed out in a May report, The Cost of Pipeline Constraints in Canada, the 2018 price spread is $26.30 a barrel, which works out to an annual loss of $15.8 billion on Canadian oil.
Calculating the investment impact of cancelling third major pipeline project is less certain. The Justin Trudeau government effectively killed the Northern Gateway pipeline by banning crude tankers docking on B.C.'s North Coast, then added downstream greenhouse gas requirements to the Energy East pipeline from Alberta to the Atlantic coast that caused Trans Canada Corp. to abandon the project.
Energy East would have converted existing gas pipelines, moving Alberta oil to refineries that currently depend on imported oil from Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and other sources.
Oil refineries
With Imperial Oil's refinery at Port Moody long dismantled, the last remaining source of refined fuels in southern B.C. is near the Trans Mountain Burnaby terminal. The Burnaby refinery was acquired from Chevron in April 2017 by Parkland Fuel Corp,, a Red Deer-based company that also owns Columbia Fuels on Vancouver Island.
The $1.5 billion purchase includes more than 100 Chevron-branded filling stations in B.C., marine fuelling stations and an aviation fuels business supplying Vancouver International Airport.
Trans Mountain, one of few pipelines in North America used for shipping refined fuels and crude oil in batches, also supplies the Parkland refinery. News of the Trans Mountain expansion prompted Parkland CEO Bob Espey to express his concerns to the B.C. and Alberta governments.
“Our company's view is that any measure that restricts the supply of oil to British Columbia would be negative for both the economies and B.C. and Alberta,” Espey said in a statement. “We are committed to doing what we can to serve our customers and will continue to monitor the issue closely.”
The Cherry Point refinery in Washington State(BP)
Washington state's five refineries, at Cherry Point, Anacortes and Ferndale, receive crude from the Trans Mountain pipeline as well as by tankers from Alaska. With Trans Mountain now over-subscribed, Alberta oil is moving by rail in greater volumes, winding down the Fraser Canyon to enter the U.S. at Bellingham.
A 2017 Washington state ecology department report says the volume of Alberta oil shipped by train to the state has more than doubled, from 7,000 barrels a day in 2012 to 15,000. That translates to 80 to 90 rail cars per week carrying Alberta heavy crude through B.C.
Other pipelines
Alberta's oilsands crude is in demand in California and the U.S. Gulf Coast, where refineries are built to handle heavy oil such as Venezuela's oilsands product. Some critics say much of Trans Mountain's additional capacity would go south, rather than by Aframax-sized tankers across the Pacific to Asia.
Enbridge is working on its Line 3 replacement, from Hardisty, Alberta across Saskatchewan and into the U.S. Construction of the Saskatchewan and Manitoba sections is scheduled to start in the fall of 2018.
U.S. President Donald Trump carried out his campaign promise to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, which faced similar international opposition as Trans Mountain does today. Keystone would run from Hardisty to Nebraska, strengthening Alberta's historic ties to the U.S. petroleum industry.
Another project that could benefit from Trans Mountain's expansion being cancelled is Eagle Spirit Energy, an Indigenous-led effort to build a pipeline across northern B.C. similar to Northern Gateway.
Eagle Spirit founder Calvin Helin has backing from the Aquilini Group, real estate developers and owners of the Vancouver Canucks. A lawyer from Lax Kw'alaams on the northwest coast, Helin has worked to secure Indigenous consent for a pipeline route that terminates at Grassy Point, in Lax Kw'alaams territory.
Where the Trans Mountain expansion is opposed by the Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh, Eagle Spirit may have consent for the Grassy Point terminal, which could accommodate larger crude carriers for Asian ports.
Another coastal option is a refinery proposal backed by Black Press chairman David Black, that was originally to be supplied by the Northern Gateway pipeline to a site near Kitimat.
The Trudeau government's decision to ban crude oil tankers from the North Coast is being challenged in court by Eagle Spirit, but Black has since focused on an innovation that would see Alberta bitumen dried to a solid and shipped by rail hopper cars for processing.
In the event of a land spill, the product could be picked up without significant impact, Black said.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Last year, when it was rumoured that the then upcoming iPhone models -- 7 and 7 Plus -- won't have the 3.5mm audio jack, The Verge's Nilay Patel wrote that if Apple does do it, it would be a user-hostile and stupid move . When those iPhone models were official announced, they indeed didn't have the audio jack. Earlier this week, Android-maker Google announced the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones that also don't feature the decades-old audio jack either , a move that would likely push rest of the smartphone makers to adopt a similar change. The rationale behind killing the traditional headphones jack, both Apple and Google say, is to move to an improved technology: Bluetooth. But there is another motive at play here, it appears. Patel, writes for The Verge:
Lake Buena Vista, Fla. — A handful of reporters waiting outside Toronto's clubhouse midway through the Blue Jays' 6-0 loss to the Atlanta Braves here on Monday received an exuberant welcome from pitcher Aaron Sanchez as he made his way off the field.
The right hander was obviously riding a high from his sixth start of spring training, a day where he dominated through 6 1/3 innings, giving up two hits and two runs, one earned, while allowing no walks and pitching four strikeouts.
It is rare for a postgame chat with Sanchez not to touch on the dreaded B-word, after blisters derailed his 2017 season. But with every spring start, the injury gets pushed further into the rear-view mirror.
"I'm finally free," Sanchez said. "I get to go out there and compete with no cage on me. I felt like last year I was in a little bit of a cage, not being able to go out and do the things that I was able to do the year before, at a high level like I was because my finger didn't co-operate the way it did."
He is stronger mentally after, hopefully, coming out on the other side of a two-plus year battle with the niggling issue, but Sanchez doesn't live his life dwelling on the past.
"It's like man, that's what happened," he said. "I can't change what happened. Yeah, I lived and I learned, but I don't hold grudges like that."
But he is particularly gung-ho about baseball after being away so long. Sanchez talks about the tasks that would be considered part of his job — because even major league pitchers are working — like he is doing them for pleasure. After trying to treat Monday's outing like a regular season game, he believes there is room for improving on the 74-pitch, 43-strikes, afternoon.
There's being ready from pitch No. 1 rather than tinkering around on the mound early, something he excelled at during his days in the bullpen and is looking to replicate. Then there's staying in his delivery, finding the bottom of the strike zone, continue to refine his changeup, his curveball.
"Whatever I can do to get my game on point, that's what I've got to do," he said.
It's a long list for a guy who left the field seemingly on cloud nine, but Sanchez isn't returning with sights set on being any old starting pitcher. He wants to get back to — or best — the Aaron Sanchez of old, the player who finished 2016 with an American League-leading 3.00 ERA and sat seventh in Cy Young voting.
It's been a long time coming but Toyota's international bestseller Yaris has made it to India, albeit in the guise of a fully-formed sedan. Toyota's been trying to crack the mid-segment market in India for a while, but didn't really strike the right note with customers despite the fact that ownership comes with bullet-proof reliability and safety. So all eyes are on the humble Yaris as it enters one of the most highly contested automotive spaces in the market, having swapped its hatchback form for a more conventional and, apparently, palatable sedan form to please domestic sensibilities. So let's answer the big questions.
The basics
The new Yaris form isn't cut from a chisel. You won't find sharp, rakish lines hugging it's exterior, instead you'll find a form that's been enhanced to suit local driving conditions – the ride height seems fairly high, the boot is pretty large and there's plenty of room at the rear. Everything about the Yaris seems to be built around ergonomics and so, it's clear that Toyota hasn't approached its design with a purely aesthetic motive. Which makes it easier to focus on the car's USP – supreme ergonomics, a vast armoury of interior features backed by Toyota's tank-like build quality.
What's it packing
Plenty of heat, as it turns out. Not the kind that makes the exhausts crackle, mind you. The Yaris is packed to the rafters with functions way beyond its pay grade. Seven airbags, ABS, ESP, hill launch assist – the works. It also comes with all-wheel disc brakes and an optional CVT gearbox – the one which we happen to have driven. Under the hood is a 1.5-litre petrol engine. A modest, four-cylinder unit putting out an equally modest 107 bhp of power. It's the same unit as the Etios but re-tuned to give out more power and torque, the latter amounting to 140Nm. On the inside, the Yaris fixes a lot of issues ailing Toyota's entry to mid-level cars. They've swathed the dash in beige and piano black console bits, along with a faux-stitching that's intended to give the steering a leather-wrapped effect. In doing so, Toyota have attained the intended ‘premiumness' which usually sends customers reaching for their cheque books.
But that's not all – the top-end automatic variant also comes with electronically adjusted seats up-front, along with a roof-mounted air-con blower and a noise and vibration control glass – the efficacy of which is proven through the car's heroic efforts at insulating you from the traffic noises.
What is the Toyota Yaris like to drive?
The Yaris is sprightly enough in city traffic, but take it out of its urban confines and you might find yourself a bit shortchanged. That isn't to say that the vehicle is underpowered in any way. For signal-to-signal, point-and-shoot sort of driving, the horsepower count suffices. Even the automatic unit never loses composure, and remains remarkably smooth until and if the throttle is floored abruptly. Even long distance journeys can be considered, although it's evident that it's designed as a city car. Acceleration is smooth and linear enough, but it's the suspension that really shines through. Even with relatively smaller tyres, the Yaris offers one of the plushies rides in its segment – it's softly sprung and calibrated to take on the most severe craters in the road. This should make it very endearing to buyers. This isn't the sort of car you rate on driving dynamics, so steering feedback, cornering ability and the likes are fairly secondary. The Yaris prioritises everyday comfort over all-else and as such, it seems to have hit its mark.
Who should buy the new Toyota Yaris?
It isn't a stretch to say that the Yaris is entering one of the most cut-throat spaces in the market, and for that it needs to overcompensate on many fronts. It certainly does that on the equipment front, with a touchscreen infotainment unit, a plush interior and a few other bells and whistles. But it also comes with a fairly hefty price tag of ₹14.07 lakh ( for the top-end petrol automatic version), which while somewhat justifiable, doesn't offer the eye-popping value proposition that gets customer attention. The manual version starts at ₹12.85 lakh, which, again, doesn't quite appear to be economical.
The Toyota Yaris must be considered for its sheer comfort, supple ride quality, and more than anything else for the Toyota halo that ensures complete reliability, longevity and quality. The latter still remains, hard to match.
NOW READ
Lamborghini's new supercar SUV is the most superior member of its species
This classic Ferrari was auctioned for a record-breaking ₹469 crore
The gentrification of the urban SUV reaches its peak with the Volvo XC60
> More on Cars
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man shoots his neighbour's poodle with an arrow - then pulls it out to shoot the animal again before dragging its dead carcass along a busy street.
The man can be seen following around the snow-white toy poodle in footage as it hobbles helplessly on the pavement.
Just out of camera shot, the man appears to yank out the same arrow before aiming and firing it at the poor dog a second time.
Alternative CCTV angles show him carrying the dead animal's carcass through a zebra crossing.
The dog's owner, who chose not to be named, said he went searching for traffic camera footage when his poodle of seven years failed to come home one night like it always does.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Shockingly, nobody stops the suspect as he shoots the dog, the video shows.
And he is also ignored afterwards when he carries the pooch's carcass in his hand through busy streets filled with pedestrians and motorists.
The owner said that what he saw sickened him, but it helped him eventually track down his poodle, which had been discarded in a waste bin by the bow and arrow shooter.
The incident occurred in Fuzhou City, capital of East China's Fujian Province.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
He called the police and only later realised the man lives in the same residential community as him, making him his neighbour.
The owner said he does not know the man, so it is unclear why he targeted his pet.
The police are investigating.
But the pooch's owner said he was shocked when the cops told him the suspect could not be charged with weapons possession.
This was because bows and arrows are not on the list of regulated firearms.
× Dallas charges dropped against Seahawks QB Boykin
DALLAS–It looks like former TCU football player and current Seahawks QB Trevone Boykin can breathe a little easier.
The charges have been dropped in his public intoxication case..
You may remember last March Boykin was arrested for that along with suspicion of marijuana possession.
He was a passenger in a car crash that injured several people after the driver, 25-year-old Shabrika Bailey allegedly drove in reverse onto a public sidewalk hitting eight people before crashing into the wall of a club.
Test Boost Elite Macromolecules golf equipment are a relatively low-price and handy snack that creates to to determine natural awesome molecule kind of one indefinite selection a extremely good molecule shake. everyone constructs diet, indicates that you truely slip on away least five to six extraordinary molecules made food daily.
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
The Beach House Social
FARE
The Warbler
If you've got contemporary American fare on the brain, you're in luck: we've found the freshest Chicago eateries to quell your cravings. Here are the newest places to check out the next time you're in the mood for a modern twist on all-American classics. The Beach House Social has opened its doors, calling itself "part surf club, part beach bar and totally laid back," per its website . Formerly Mahalo, this rebranded bar and restaurant comes courtesy of the team behind Hampton Social and aims to bring a West Coast vibe to Chicago.Menu options include chicken potstickers, naked shrimp, jerk carnitas tacos, double-decker cheeseburgers and cheese quesadillas with choice of protein.Pair your meal with a Corona, Red Stripe, Landshark or Pacifico, or opt for a signature cocktail like the bourbon-infused Mo' Better with guava puree, lemon and mint, or the gin-based Summer Bod, complete with cucumber, mint and tonic.With a four-star rating out of nine reviews on Yelp, The Beach House Social has been getting positive attention.Yelper Andrea M., who reviewed it on June 26, wrote , "Parker Restaurant Group has done it again. Hampton Social and Beach House are the coolest restaurants in the city."Jazmin V. added , "What an awesome new joint in Wicker Park! Loved the decor! Feels like I'm in a beach in California. Drinks were great."The Beach House Social is open from 11-1 a.m. on Monday-Thursday, 11-2 a.m. on Friday, 10-3 a.m. on Saturday and 10 a.m.-midnight on Sunday.A new quick-service cafe with a focus on seasonal, local ingredients has debuted at the Wells Street Market. The new addition to the Loop, called Fare , is located at 205 W. Wacker Drive.Per its website , this spot's goal is "to create food with purpose by serving flavor-forward dishes that are built with clean, delicious ingredients." The eatery comes courtesy of Chicago hospitality veterans Kasia Bednarz and Britni DeLeon.On the menu , look for breakfast egg bowls, avocado toast and ancient grain porridge. Or customize a health bowl with a base of greens or grains, side options like miso sweet potatoes and roasted summer squash, as well as proteins like salmon, turkey meatballs or veggie patties. Wash down your meal with a blue smoothie with banana, blueberries, almond butter, dates and cinnamon.Yelpers are excited about Fare, which currently holds 4.5 stars out of six reviews on the site.Karen K., who reviewed it on June 29, wrote , "The food is super fresh and flavorful, so I can understand the price. I just wish I'd looked at the price before ordering!"Sarah S. noted , "Fare is a fantastic new option in Wells Street Market for healthy and cheap meals. They have a variety of options like avocado toasts, bone broths and soups, but I'm all about their bowls."FARE is open from 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on weekdays. (It's closed on weekends.) The Warbler is a New American spot that opened up early this year. Headed by David Breo and chef Ken Carter, this new offering specializes in contemporary American-style fare.Expect menu options like chicken wings and grilled sausage, leafy and fruity greens; savory flatbreads; pasta dishes like fusilli and classic mac and cheese; and entrees that include roasted chicken and plank salmon.Thirsty? Signature cocktails, wine and draft beer are available. Try the vodka-infused Parakeet with celery juice, lemon and ginger beer, or A Robin, a tequila drink with mezcal, jalapeno cilantro, lime and pilsner beer. The full menu can be seen here The Warbler is off to a strong start with 4.5 stars out of 88 reviews on Yelp.Yelper Dori G. wrote , "Seriously this is the best new Chicago restaurant! Wesley was our amazing bartender and paired our meal perfectly. All the dishes were spaced out and we never felt rushed."Meredith D. noted , "Finally tried The Warbler, and I'm so glad I did! I had been worried that the food would be a little too 'precious,' maybe because of the bird theme (all the mixed drinks are named for songbirds), but the cooking was solid (as were the drinks)."The Warbler is open from 4:30-10 p.m. on Monday-Thursday, 4:30-11 p.m. on Friday and Saturday, and 4:30-9 p.m. on Sunday.
Streatham will be showing support for the LGBTQ community with rainbow tape adorned on their sticks this weekend.
The South London club travel to high-flying Bracknell Bees on Saturday before hosting Milton Keynes Thunder on Sunday .
It is in the home game that Streatham will use ‘Pride Tape'. The club had to seek special permission to do this as the colours ordinarily violate the rule book. It is thought to be a UK first.
Streatham head coach Jeremy Cornish said: “We had feedback from some of our supporters that we could help support the LGBTQ community. We have a diverse crowd of fans and we want everyone to feel welcome when they come to watch or play hockey.
“One of our sponsors Stefanie Reines, who is in the music industry helped us get hold of the Pride Tape from North America as it's not available here in the UK. I'm really looking forward to the game against Milton Keynes and supporting such an important cause.
Hockey players are creatures of habit and to see them using the tape in training last week was proof of the whole team's willingness to support the LGBTQ community.”
Buying Pride Tape helps support LGBTQ youth outreach initiatives, such as You Can Play and the Institute for Sexual Minority Studies and Services based over in the US.
National Ice Hockey League manager Richard Carpenter said: “I was delighted to be able to approve the use of Pride Tape for Streatham IHC's fixture against Milton Keynes Thunder. It's superb to see NIHL sides and Streatham in particular taking a pro-active approach in showing support to the LGBTQ community and showing first hand that ice hockey is for everyone.”
Streatham continued their strong start to the season last weekend as they beat rivals London Raiders for the third time in a row with a hard-fought 4-3 win at Lee Valleyon Saturday.
Goals from Brandon Miles, Aiden Doughty, Adam Carr and James Warman sealed two Cup points for the RedHawks. Raiders' goals were credited to Marek Nahlik, Jake Sylvester and Matt Turner.
Swindon Wildcats were made to work for their 2-1 win in South London on Sunday as Streatham were inches away from taking at least a point from the game.
Aaron Nell and Sam Bullas scored the goals for the Cats, with Adam Carr on target for Streatham. The Cats' powerplay winner came just after Ryan Watt had been ejected on a roughing call in controversial circumstances. Streatham have to wait to see if he has anything added to his automatic one-game ban.
Streatham Storm rattled Guildford Lightning in their debut game in the English Ice Hockey Association Women's Elite League on Saturday , but the hosts came from behind to seal a 4-3 victory.
Storm took the lead in the sixth minute, Fiona King firing in with Li How Cheong tagging the assist.
Charmaine Easton equalised for the hosts after 13 minutes only for Jennifer Lawrence to reclaim Streatham's lead just seven seconds later. A series of errors early in the second period saw Guildford score three unanswered goals.
Chelsea Meaney, a prolific scorer for Storm's Division One team last season slotted home a neat pass from defender Jamie Endrizzi, who was named Streatham's player of the match.
Streatham were unable to capitalise on two power plays and had to fall back on some gritty defence and a steely showing by goalie Ruth Cattell – who faced 43 shots in the game.
Head coach Sam Nicoll said: “We had some strong players away this week, so we will get better.”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An independent inquiry will be held into allegations House of Commons staff were bullied by MPs.
The House of Commons Commission - usually chaired by Speaker John Bercow - agreed that an independent expert should lead the investigation.
Mr Bercow, who has faced allegations he undermined and shouted at a senior member of staff, did not take part in the decision on launching the inquiry.
The commission agreed to a plan put forward by Commons Leader Andrea Leadsom for the independent inquiry.
(Image: PA)
A House of Commons Commission spokesman said: "At its regular meeting on Monday, March 19, the House of Commons Commission considered a proposal from the Leader of the House to hold an independent inquiry into the bullying of House staff.
"As previously announced, the Speaker did not join the meeting until after this discussion had taken place.
"The Commission agreed that an inquiry should be initiated immediately, and tasked its non-executive members (who are not Parliamentarians) with appointing an independent expert to lead the inquiry and with developing terms of reference in collaboration with that person."
(Image: AFP)
Ms Leadsom said she was "very pleased" with the outcome of the meeting.
The inquiry follows a report by the BBC's Newsnight that women officials responsible for running the business of the House had been bullied.
The report included a claim that Mr Bercow shouted at and undermined his former private secretary Kate Emms, eventually leading to her being signed off sick.
Mr Bercow has denied the allegations against him, as have the two other MPs named by the programme, Labour's Paul Farrelly and Conservative Mark Pritchard.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
× Human remains found along the Mississippi River identified
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, Mo. – Investigators determined that human remains discovered in a south St. Louis County park last September belong to a man reported missing months earlier.
According to Officer Benjamin Granda, a spokesman for the St. Louis County Police Department, police from the North County Precinct were called to the area of N. Highway 67 near the Lewis Bridge on the morning of July 9 for a suspicious vehicle.
Police found an abandoned car along the embankment of the Missouri River. The vehicle was traced to Christopher Harris.
Police searched the area with the assistance of canines and the Fire and Rescue Squad but found no sign of Harris.
Granda said Harris, a St. Louis City resident, was listed as a missing person.
Nearly two months later, hikers on a morning walk at Bee Tree County Park on Labor Day found the remains of a size 13 foot inside a shoe. Granda said the hikers were walking along the western banks of the Mississippi River when they found the shoe.
Police conducted exhaustive searches of the area with dogs and helicopters, including additional searches of the river, but found no other body parts.
On May 30, 2018, St. Louis County police announced DNA evidence helped them identify the foot as belonging to 27-year-old Christopher Moore.
Granda said Moore remains listed as a missing person in St. Louis City.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Does the idea of spending an entire summer travelling the world with your best friend sound like the dream?
Well now it could become a reality... and you can even get paid for the privilege!
That's because budget airline WOW Air is looking to hire two new 'Travel Guides' in what could be the ultimate summer job.
The role? Spending three months in summer 2018 exploring a host of the 38 destinations which the airline flies to, across Europe and North America.
That means some weeks you could be having a cultural city break in Copenhagen or Paris, before jet-setting off to the USA to see the sights in New York or go exploring Dallas.
It sounds pretty lush.
(Image: iStockphoto)
You'll both have to relocate to Reykjavik, Iceland for the summer as it's where the airline is based - but they'll fork out for a trendy downtown apartment you can live in, as well as a car.
The salary will be around €9,500 each for the summer (approx £8318), but it's the airline who will be covering the apartment and car costs, as well as paying for your hotels, flights and more on your travels.
During your travels you'll have to document your adventures through Vlogs, Instagram stories and more media, to create the ultimate digital guide to each destination.
You'll be expected to search out the best nightlife, cultural spots, nature havens and plenty more budget-friendly travel tips.
Think you and your mate would be up to the job?
To apply, just grab your phone, camera or recording equipment, and film a short two-minute video of the pair of you exploring your hometown on a fun travel trip.
You'll need to upload your entry on the application website by Monday 14th May, and be free for the Friday 1st June start date.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eco-warrior Kyle Edmund told Wimbledon's litter bugs to clean up their act after completing only his second win on the strawberry fields of SW19.
Britain's No.1 looked every inch the new Andy Murray – an is the host nation's only survivor in the men's draw after the first round – as he wiped the floor with Aussie qualifier Alex Bolt in straight sets.
But Edmund is not amused by the empty water bottles and assorted debris left scattered around the practice courts by the players.
What a load of rubbish? Not Edmund, who was tidier than the Wombles of nearby Wimbledon Common (ask your parents, kids!) as he put away Bolt 6-2 6-3 7-5 in 1hr 43mins on No.1 Court.
What a load of rubbish? While the other Brits suffered a familiar fate, the Tickton Thunderbolt's 131mph serve was in rollicking good order.
What a load of rubbish? But the man who ended Murray's 12-year reign as Britain's top dog in March – the longest run at No.1 since Band-Aid – aimed a swipe at junk and disorderly rivals who leave the England Club's practice courts looking like Glastonbury after the festival.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Edmund said: “It's been a problem at every tournament – players are too lazy to pick up their water bottles, towels and balls, myself included.
“It's no good, really. We're professional tennis players and obviously we should look after our rubbish. It's just human beings being lazy, knowing that someone else will come and pick it up. I haven't lost any sleep over it, but it's probably best to clean up after ourselves.
“There was actually a sketch at Monte Carlo, a players' party thing, where they came on and had a hit – and then they threw away their water bottles and a banana skin. Someone else came on and tripped over the banana skin.”
Edmund's only previous win at Wimbledon was against fellow Brit Alex Ward, ranked No.869 in the world, in last year's first round.
He normally takes to grass about as enthusiastically as ducks to orange sauce, but when his serve is hitting the lines and his forehand packs a punch, there is no reason why he should not prosper on this surface.
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
Any player in the world's top 20 should not turn turtle at the sight of a lawnmower and Edmund admitted: “When you have a big serve, you've got to use that to your advantage, especially on a grass court. I know I have a good game and always try to believe in it. I find a lot of matches at this level are won or lost in the head.”
Edmund, 23, certainly doesn't seem fazed by his locker being next to absent two-time champion Murray's in the changing room.
Although he may not have Rafa Nadal's pneumatic biceps or Roger Federer's army of fangirls, when Edmund gives his forehand a full blast of air, it usually gets messy on the other side of the net.
He admitted: “Regardless of how many Brits are here or whether Andy is around, there's probably been more attention on me – but my run in the Australian Open probably helps.
“It's tough to say whether that extra attention was because of Andy not being here, but it's all part and parcel of professional sport and going up in the rankings.”
While Madhya Pradesh's farm performance is impressive, the distribution of gains seems to have been inadequate and unequal. Photo: Mint
The farmer protests across the country amid bumper harvests have surprised many. The biggest source of surprise has been the epicentre of protests in Madhya Pradesh (MP), which has witnessed record agricultural growth over the past several years.
A Mint analysis shows that although farmers have gained from MP's rapid agricultural growth over the past decade, the earnings of an average farm household in the state still remains among the lowest in the country.
Between 2000-01 and 2014-15, agri-GDP (gross domestic product) for Madhya Pradesh grew at an annual average rate of 9.4%, second only to Gujarat at 9.5%. This is far higher than the all-India average of 3.3% between 2000-01 and 2012-13.
The rapid growth has boosted farm earnings, or earnings from cultivation, in the state. The average agricultural household in MP has seen farm earnings rising at an annual pace of 15% between 2002-03 and 2012-13 to Rs4,016, data from National Sample Survey Office's (NSSO) survey of farm households for the respective years shows. Inflation rose at an annual pace of nearly 8%, and hence real earnings grew at roughly half the pace at which nominal earnings grew. Over the same period, farm earnings of the average Indian farm household rose at an annual pace of 12.3% to Rs3,081.
The data shows that despite the boost in farm earnings, average total earnings of agricultural households in MP continue to lag the national average, suggesting that other earnings (from labour, and from non-farm activities) have not risen fast enough.
One caveat here is that there is a slight difference in the manner in which agricultural households have been chosen in these two surveys. In the 2002-03 survey, only land-owners were considered as farmer households. The latest survey included households with at least one member self-employed in agriculture, and which generated total agricultural produce of Rs3,000 or more over the past year.
The average figures, however, mask the unequal distribution of farm incomes in the state. According to figures computed by the erstwhile Planning Commission, rural inequality (as measured by the Gini coefficient) rose faster in MP than in the rest of the country between 2004-05 and 2011-12. According to the Planning Commission data, the Gini coefficient for rural areas in MP increased from 0.237 in 2004-05 to 0.276 in 2009-10. Over the same period, the Gini coefficient for rural India increased from 0.266 to 0.276.
The skewed pattern of rural growth is also reflected in the pattern of wage growth in the state. The gap in real rural wages (wages adjusted for inflation) between MP and the rest of the country continues to be nearly as high as it was in the early 2000s.
This means that small and marginal farmers, who often tend to work as labourers in others' farms, have not seen a significant rise in their labour incomes over this period.
While MP's farm performance is impressive, the distribution of gains seems to have been inadequate and unequal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victor Lindelof's £30m transfer to Manchester United has just netted Swedish third tier side Vasteras a fortune.
Lindelof joined United on a four-year deal on Wednesday but has inadvertently helped the club which turned him into a star.
Lindelof left the tiny eastern Sweden club for £53,000 in 2011 as a 17-year-old wonder kid, although that figure jumped to £2.6m in add-ons - the outfit's highest ever departure.
As part of the small deal, forward thinking Vasteras stuck a 20 per cent sell on clause in the small print of the deal.
And they have returned to Portugal expecting their full share of the massive fee being negotiated with United.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Photo: John Peters)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
Vasteras, who had already taken a complaint to world governing body FIFA that Benfica had failed to pay them £225,000 as part of the original deal once Lindelof had made 10 first-team appearances, made it clear to the Lisbon club that they wanted £7.2m of the cash United were willing to stump up.
Benfica insisted that the clause lapsed when the Swedish international signed a new contract.
After a minor squabble which threatened to derail the transfer, Vaseras pocketed a slightly less than expected but still sizable £3.6m.
Vasteras president Bengt Ake Nilsson said: “We have an agreement with Benfica. We no longer have problems with them. It is good for us.”
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Publicity Picture)
(Photo: Getty)
Lindelof played 41 times for the senior side having risen up the youth ranks and helped them to promotion to the second tier in 2010.
Vaseras were formed in 1904 and were last in the Swedish top tier, the Allsvenskan, for a one-season stop, in 1997.
They are currently managed by former Celtic hero and Bolton assistant manager Johan Mjallby - who has led the side to second after nine games this season.
To put the money changing hands, Vaseras' highest ever purchase for a star was Canadian centre back Adam Bratz - who signed for £106,000 in 2002.
The Indelible Career Of Gospel Innovator Dr. Bobby Jones
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevin Winter/Getty Images Kevin Winter/Getty Images
Singer and bandleader Dr. Bobby Jones is known affectionately as the Ed Sullivan of gospel music. Jones has helped to launch the careers of many gospel stars and his Nashville home is lined with trophies for his contributions to music. But despite the enormous impact he's had in the gospel music world, Jones hails from humble beginnings.
Growing up in a rural Tennessee farming community, Jones sang with the church choir, but had grander ambitions. He set out for Nashville as soon as he could. There, he taught himself to play piano and worked his way through college by playing in churches. Jones became a teacher and completed a PhD in education, but all the while, he was organizing and recording with gospel groups. In 1976, Jones convinced WSM-TV in Nashville to let him launch a gospel show. He spent years highlighting singers from churches in the region on a shoestring budget.
"I just thought I could do it," Jones says. "I always wanted to ... growing up watching Johnny Carson and all those guys."
YouTube
Still, Jones dreamed of taking his show national. In 1980, the bandleader got his chance when he got a call from Robert L. Johnson, founder of Black Entertainment Television. Though he says at the time he didn't even know what cable was — "We didn't have cable in Nashville then" — he knew going on BET would mean more exposure. His Sunday morning show, Bobby Jones Gospel, premiered in January 1980 and quickly became appointment viewing for fans of gospel music.
"Some people was late for church because they wanted to see the show," gospel singer Regina McCrary remembers. "It's hard to get dressed and watch TV at the same time ... you can't go in the bathroom and do what you need to do 'cause you start watching Dr. Bobby Jones."
Pastors with tardy churchgoers may have griped, but gospel record labels saw Jones's show as a way to get budding artists in the spotlight. The exposure Bobby Jones Gospel provided was especially important to cutting-edge artists like Yolanda Adams, who was blending gospel with smooth jazz and contemporary R&B.
"He didn't just, I guess, give me the platform. He also validated what I was doing," Adams says. "He never said, 'You need to change your look.' He never said, 'You need to calm your jazz stuff down,' because no one was doing that at the time."
YouTube
Whether they were total newbies, established stars or gospel elders, Jones welcomed all of his guests with a demeanor that was equally dignified and down-home. People all over the country first saw Kirk Franklin merge gospel and hip-hop on TV thanks to Jones. And when he invited Albertina Walker, the 'Queen of Gospel,' onto the show late in her career, it was his way of showing appreciation to a legend.
"She left this earth knowing that she was important and she had a legacy," McCrary says of Walker's appearance.
Despite the show's own legacy as one of the longest running programs on cable, BET announced Bobby Jones Gospel was coming to an end in 2015. Fans signed a petition pleading with the network to keep Jones on the air, but he admits it was his decision to bring Bobby Jones Gospel to a close. The last episode aired in July 2016.
"I'm the one that retired from it after 35 years," Jones explains. "I told them, 'Well, I'm getting older now and I want to give somebody else a chance to do that. I've had it for 35 years.' And it was just as simple as that."
But Jones wasn't ready to walk away from gospel music entirely. Now, he is back to being as hands-on as he was in the early days. At 79, Jones hosts a weekly radio countdown and produces monthly TV shows for the Impact Network.
"It's full circle," Jones says. "And I kind of welcome it, because it gives me a chance to go back over what started it."
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
× Expand Design by Justin Vaughan / Photo by Jay Paul For decades, it felt as though it all began with the Ukrop family. Their grocery stores, colored by rainbow cookies and technicolor cake icing, dominated the Richmond landscape, first opening in 1937 and at times earning more than one quarter of all Richmond's grocery food sales. Next month marks seven years since the last Ukrop's closed, and the Richmond region's grocery market has been in a constant churn ever since, with increasing options elbowing for your dollar. As more stores bring more choice and convenience for customers, the new competition means difficulty for the industry itself. “It's going to be a battle royale,” says Jeffrey Metzger, a publisher of Food World, which has been covering the Mid-Atlantic food retail industry for more than 40 years. As of deadline, new players include Aldi, a stripped-down German-owned chain, which launched in the region in 2015; New York-based Wegmans, which built enormous shops in Chesterfield and Henrico last year; and this summer or fall, Lidl, also based in Germany, will open the first Virginia location — possibly one of the Richmond area's five — just a fraction of the company's projected 100 stores launching in America over the course of the next year or so. High-end Southern grocer Publix Supermarkets Inc. has announced it's taking over 10 Martin's shops in coming years and building two new stores, and plans to open its first Richmond-area store this summer with a mobile app-based ordering system, a large prepared-foods selection, and even an in-store event-planning team known as Publix Aprons. In late March, the Richmond Times-Dispatch reported the Nuckols Place store will include a cooking school. × Expand Wegmans (Photo by Jay Paul) “I think you're going to see grocery changing a lot ... They're ready to do things differently, and they think Richmond is going to be that market to do some of those things differently.” —Laurie Aldrich, Grocery Store Advocate and Executive Director for Virginia Retail Merchants Association Some market share was left on the table after Martin's moved into Ukrop's stores in 2010 because the two were very different retailers, says Laurie Aldrich, executive director for Virginia Retail Merchants Association, which advocates on behalf of most major grocers in the region. “That market share had to be gobbled up somewhere,” she says. And now with Martin's and Food Lion merging and having to divest of stores in Richmond, “it just creates a whole new dynamic, if you will.” Those such as Aldrich and Metzger with an eye on the region's markets believe Richmond is an attractive location for grocers, and it's at a crossroads. Metzger predicts the area will see store attrition over the next three to five years as old and new grocers struggle for ever-shrinking portions of total food sales in what he calls an “over-stored” market. “Whether that means companies withdraw totally or just cut back on existing number of stores, I think you'll see the lineup change,” he says. His publication has been measuring that lineup since 1979 with an annual market-share report for the Richmond area that tracks the top 20 food stores. The rankings on that list have changed dramatically in the past 10 years after relative stability in the decades before. × Expand New Publix locations, like this one in Weaverville, North Carolina, will offer event-planning services in addition to food. (Photo courtesy Publix) Martin's market-share rankings slipped in recent years, and Metzger predicts that share will continue to decline as it sells off and closes its Richmond locations. Last summer, after the parent companies of Food Lion, Giant and Martin's merged, federal regulators required the newly combined parent company to divest of 19 Martin's stores in order to resolve antitrust concerns. Florida-based Publix will convert 10 of the stores as a part of a northward expansion. A summer 2017 closing was expected for the unsold Martin's stores, said Christopher Brand, a company spokesman, in a July 2016 Times-Dispatch story. “We have nothing to announce at this time,” said Samantha Krepps, a Martn's public relations manager, when asked in March. And what of the employees? Workers of the 10 stores bought by Publix will lose their jobs if they cannot transfer to another Martin's location. Publix has encouraged former Martin's employees to apply to their stores as the company begins hiring closer to its opening dates. This isn't new. In 2000, when a merger between Food Lion and Hannaford Bros. Co. made room for Kroger to enter the Richmond market, Kroger took over the old Hannaford stores. A top national grocer, Kroger has since risen to Richmond's No. 2 spot in the annual market report as of 2016. Perhaps surprisingly, or perhaps not, the No. 1 spot belongs to Walmart, which also owns Neighborhood Market. It went from nine stores in 2006 to 21 stores in 2016.
Robert Kelley, assistant professor of management at VCU's school of business, looks at the number of retail supermarkets in Richmond and asks, “My god, how are they all going to survive?” Normally, stores look to set up shop near new neighborhood developments, relying on residents to offset the cost of establishing and maintaining a location. In the Richmond area, while there are cases of this, Kelley sees more grocery stores opening near existing food markets, trying to steal customer bases from other chains. This is a risky move, as everyone's margins of profit are tight. “Anytime new stores open up, whoever is in that area is going to take less profit,” says Kelley, who previously worked for Ukrop's supermarkets as the vice president of operations for 14 of his 18 years with the once-dominant grocer. “It's a kind of ego,” says Metzger. “[They think,] ‘Our model is better than yours. We think we can supplant some of the existing players in the marketplace.' ” While Metzger and Kelley remain confident that grocery supply is outpacing demand, census data on Richmond's population and average income shows a consistent growth. According to a measurement using U.S. Census Bureau information, the Richmond Metro Area's annual population growth rate exceeded the national average by 0.11 percent per year from 1990 to 2000, and then by 0.23 percent annually from 2000 to 2010. Simply put, more people means more people buying groceries, but they also need money to spend. Like population, the Richmond Metro Area's annual per capita income growth rate has exceeded the national average, but not by as much. Other factors, according to Kelley, make Richmond attractive to retailers: It has a diversifying market with large corporations such as Capital One and Altria Group maintaining offices here. It's also the capital of Virginia, a right-to-work state, which means large chains don't have to worry about workers unionizing. But none of these incentives add up completely. “I think there are a lot of positives about coming here that I think are more cherry-on-the-top rather than ‘Oh, that's why we've got to be here,' ” says Kelley. So if these aren't enough reason, what's bringing these stores to Richmond? “Publix had already decided to go north and Wegmans had already decided to go south,” Kelley posits. “Richmond just happens to be in the crosshairs.” When Publix opens its first Virginia stores, they will be the northernmost expansion of the Florida-based chain. Conversely, Richmond is currently the southernmost reach of Wegmans retail territory. “We open three to four stores each year, and as such, we are very choosy about our sites,” says Wegmans Media Relations Coordinator Valerie Fox, who calls the expansion a natural next step. They're not the only ones looking to expand; Whole Foods Market filed official site drawings with the city in March for its second Richmond-area store, which will be part of The Sauer Center, a development on the former site of Pleasants Hardware on Broad Street. Kroger's expansion into Virginia was planned long before Richmond's market got so crowded, according to Aldrich: “I think they saw what was on the horizon.” × Expand Exterior of the Lidl test store in Fredericksburg. In Richmond, construction continues at both 9101 Hermitage Road and in Green Gate. (Photo courtesy of Lidl US) Lidl, the German-owned company focused on low prices, plans a large-scale entrance into the East Coast, and the company is currently months ahead of schedule. The chain will introduce a nonfood section in its stores with a rotating inventory, from power tools to fashion. “This is a concept we have found to be very successful across Europe, and we're excited to introduce it here,” says William Howard, a Lidl spokesperson. Metzger predicts this could threaten both Aldi's and Food Lion's business in Richmond, and that the region's grocery market has already fractured into overlapping “channels” that focus on different customer priorities: high quality and low prices. “If I were Food Lion, I'd be very concerned, because I think Lidl is going to be very strong in that [low-price] channel,” Metzger says. “We've had competitors come and go,” says Operations Director Frankie Marshburn, a Food Lion employee of 26 years and in the region since 2000. “I believe that if we continue what we've been doing, that that in itself will deliver what we're looking for.” Food Lion wants to be a one-stop shop for all customers in the Richmond area. “Anyone who sells groceries is our competitor,” he adds, including nontraditional food sellers such as pharmacies and club stores such as Costco. × Expand Nicholas Glancy loads groceries curbside, part of Kroger's ClickList program. (Photo by Jay Paul) Aldrich acknowledges that grocery stores will try to distinguish themselves with unique services but also adopt their competitors' strategies when those prove advantageous. Think of Kroger's online service, ClickList, which allows customers to select and pay for groceries online and pick up their order at the store's front door. Fox notes that Wegmans has been piloting a similar online service, which already includes curbside pickup, at several New Jersey and New York locations.
Doncaster v Bradford
Doncaster takes on Bradford on Monday 19th March, 2018, with kickoff at 19:45. This match is currently being shown LIVE on SKY SPORTS.
At a certain point in your life, your memory will start to act a little bit like an old laptop. Information you know is stored in it, like who Doncaster are playing tonight, will no longer show up, apparently filtered out by time, the onset of extreme exhaustion and maybe just a tiny bit of all the stupid things we did when we didn't know what being old felt like.
In fairness to this writer's brain though, neither of these sides is having a remarkable season, both are outside the playoff spots, and for that reason it's not the most important League One has to offer.
Doncaster v Bradford is LIVE on SKY SPORTS.
From Juhu Beach to Indian Super League with Karan Sawhney
We spoke with the Kerala Blasters forward about his journey through the ranks and what the future holds for him and Indian football.
by Manas Gera Interview 14 Aug 2017, 18:52 IST
Karan Sawhney, from the yellow of Mumbai FC to Kerala Blasters
Every kid who's grown up wandering the streets of Mumbai has a connect with football. Before the age of WhatsApp groups and astroturf grounds, the rules were much simpler. There is a time and a place where players from all over the area unite for kick-off.
The last arrival is usually forced to play last-man, but for the rest, it's the start of the happiest time of their day. Glasses have been broken, injuries have been sustained, and earfuls received from intolerant uncles. But the passion is one that you simply can not tame, and this lot returns the next day for the Beautiful Game
Almost every one of these players did at some point dream of turning their passion into a profession. The flickering light in their local field hopefully, someday becoming the floodlights of Anfield. The yelling from the old lady who got hit by the ball, someday turning into the roar of Dortmund's Yellow Wall. Or the assist you converted like a king, someday arriving from the feet of Jackichand Singh! Dream long enough, and you'll see it come alive. Just ask Karan Sawhney.
He too spent his younger days kicking the ball around the buildings and beaches around Mumbai. But there are three things that make one stand out from the crowd. In Karan's own words, “Hard work, persistence, and dream big.”
Not to mention, Karan loved his cricket as well. But it took a call up from one of the nation's most famous clubs, and nothing would be the same.
Kick-off
At the age of 13, Sawhney was selected for Mahindra United's U13 side. It was at this point that he transitioned from a fan of the game to something much more.
He went on to represent the state and excelled in his forward position. His efforts caught the eye and he was rewarded with the captain's armband for the Maharashtra U16 side. There were more than a few highs in this phase, but none more so than when he found the back of the net against an U18 Inter Milan side.
Sure, the glory looks sweet from the outside. But there was a fair bit of sacrifice involved for Sawhney in his quest for more.
Caught Offside
Karan was 16 years old when he made the cut into Jharkhand's renowned Tata Football Academy (TFA). A big step in the right direction, but one that was far from easy.
He was set to leave the comforts of his home and spend the next four years at TFA. A regular college life wasn't going to come his way, as he spent his time in the dormitories at Jamshedpur. He trained day in and day out in a highly demanding environment, and against lads striving to outdo each other. It's safe to say, his social life wasn't very happening.
But it was a decision Karan had made, and the man was stubborn about it. “Football was top priority,” he stated, adamant to take his game forward. And forward is where he went.
The assist
In 2012, Salgaocar FC signed the then 20-year-old Sawhney. He worked his way through the ranks, was loaned out to DSK Shivajians, and later signed by Bengaluru FC for the 2013-14 I-League season. Before he knew it, Karan was fighting for a place in the squad against one of our nation's best ever, Sunil Chhetri.
When asked about India's top scorer, Karan had only good things to say. “He's a great guy, on and off the field,” he said, before adding, “his never-say-die attitude is contagious, and helps the team too.”
Sawhney was restricted to just three starts in the season. But there was much to learn from Chhetri, in footballing terms and more as Karan exclaims, “He's like an older brother to me!”
He played the season of 2016-17 with his hometown club Mumbai FC. He bagged three goals in six appearances for them, including a special winner against Churchill Brothers well into stoppage time.
Karan Sawhney playing in the I-League for Mumbai FC
The goal
Most recently, Sawhney has scored a contract with Kerala Blasters FC. This will see him train under former Manchester United coach, Rene Muelensteen for the upcoming season.
For a United fan, this is the stuff of dreams. “I'm very glad I got selected to play for Kerala Blasters,” Karan said, “I've grown up watching Manchester United and have been a diehard fan. Playing under our gaffer is going to be very exciting and I'm really looking forward to that.”
To add to that, he'll be teaming up with stalwarts from the national side including Sandesh Jhingan, CK Vineeth and, of course, Jackichand Singh. This can only be a good thing for Karan's football, and shall forward his goals for the future.
Full-time forecast
The Indian dream - the World Cup. Can we make it? There'll be many cynics out there who'll make you believe otherwise. But Sawhney isn't one of them.
“Climbing up to 96 is an outstanding achievement in such a short time,” he said, “I'm sure India can reach the World Cup, there's a lot of talent. A professional grassroots programme in each city can help us achieve that.”
When asked about his own future, Karan states, “My next target is to play for the national team!”
In 2014, when our national side languished at the 171st position and you told someone we'd be in the top 100 within three years, you'd be laughed off. What stops us from believing now?
Indian football has come leaps and bounds over the last few years. The merger of the I-League and Indian Super League is another step in the right direction, as Karan mentions, “A professional league with 20 teams would be ideal.” The signs are promising for the sleeping giant i.e. Indian football.
Here's wishing Karan the best for the near future and the Indian dream. Dream long enough - and as Sawhney says - dream big enough, and you might just see them come true.
Big Business Pushes Coal-Friendly Kentucky To Embrace Renewables
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jennifer Ludden/NPR Jennifer Ludden/NPR
Kevin Butt's job is to find cleaner ways to power Toyota. One of the hardest places to do that is at the automaker's sprawling plant in central Kentucky, a state where nearly 90 percent of electricity still comes from coal.
Butt points out a new engine assembly line, where a conveyor belt moves in a slow circle. He says it was specially designed with a more efficient motor. There are also enormous fans overhead and LED lights, all changes that save millions.
"I mean, what company doesn't want to reduce their energy bill," he says.
That's the business case for going green. And in a lot of places around the country, solar and wind are now the cheapest energy option. But a few years ago, Toyota decided that by 2050 all of its operations, all around the world, should be zero-carbon.
It's part of a larger business shift. In Kentucky, General Motors, Ford, Walmart, L'Oréal and others also have big goals to reduce emissions. Even the state's beloved bourbon makers are starting to look at renewables.
"There's not enough renewable energy being manufactured right now for all of us to do what we say we want to do," Butt says.
That's true globally, he says, and it's especially true in Kentucky, where people like to say coal isn't just the economy, it's the culture.
"We're a coal state, we're proud to be a coal state, we're sentimental about our attachment to coal," says Charles Snavely, secretary of Kentucky's Energy and Environment Cabinet.
Before this job, Snavely spent 35 years in the coal industry. His office is now working with companies — he calls them customers — to help develop renewable energy. But Snavely says he struggles with whether "the growth of renewables [comes] at the expense of coal. Is it a bigger pie, or is someone taking a slice of our pie?"
Kentucky, unlike many other states, has no mandate to require a certain share of renewable energy. The state joined two dozen others in a lawsuit challenging President Barack Obama's signature climate policy, the Clean Power Plan, which would have shuttered hundreds of coal-fired power plants. Snavely says coal built his state's economy, creating some of the cheapest power in the country.
"We have industries in Kentucky that would not be here if we didn't have such low electricity rates," he says.
President Trump's order to start dismantling the climate regulation was a victory for Kentucky. And yet, it may not do much to stop the steady decline of coal.
"The future is renewables and the large corporations that want renewables," says Jim Gardner, who used to regulate power companies as a member of Kentucky's Public Service Commission.
Two years ago, Gardner was struck by an encounter with a local man who worked remotely for Facebook. He told Gardner that big corporations were actually deciding where to expand based on where they could get renewable energy.
"He made it seem like there was literally a list with a lot of states with big X's marked in," says Gardner, "so that Facebook and others were not looking because [some states] were not going to be open to renewables."
The Public Service Commission worried the state was missing out. It quietly issued an official statement — "a clear signal to people outside of the state," says Gardner — that if a big customer wanted renewable energy, Kentucky's utilities could cut a special deal to provide it.
That gave utilities permission to offer renewable energy. But they still face challenges to produce it.
The state's cheap coal makes it harder for renewables to compete, and to see a return on investment. What's more, Kenya Stump, of the Energy and Environment Cabinet, says Kentucky has only moderate potential for solar power, and not much at all for wind. She says hydro power holds the most promise.
Stump is working with companies that want to develop renewable power, but she doesn't foresee a major spike anytime soon. "Right now renewables are starting to compete on costs, but not reliability," she says. But she adds that once battery technology develops and solar or wind power can be stored, "all bets are off."
Kentucky's utilities are also highly regulated. An energy activist says he's been heartened by a shift in the state's attitude, but thinks officials could do a lot more to encourage renewables.
"The sun in Kentucky is as strong as it is in North Carolina and Ohio and New York, where the solar industry is employing tens of thousands of people," says Andy McDonald of the Kentucky Solar Energy Society. "Kentucky is not limited by our resources; it's limited by our policies."
None of those challenges is stopping a slow transition.
"This tract is about 60 acres," says David Crews, standing in a freshly mowed field where East Kentucky Power Cooperative is about to install 32,000 solar panels. It will be one of the state's first utility-scale solar farms, and it's there by popular demand — from businesses. Crew says some companies don't mind paying a bit more to meet their sustainability goals.
East Kentucky Power has no plans to build another coal plant. Crew says just because the new president doesn't want to limit carbon emissions, doesn't mean the next one won't.
"The seesawing of regulations when we're trying to make a 50-year investment, it will drive you crazy," he says. "And that wouldn't be good for our customer base."
The utility is marketing its new solar farm, and if demand is strong enough Crews says it will add more panels.
At Toyota's plant in central Kentucky, Kevin Butt envisions installing solar panels on the roof. The company is also researching fuel cell technology, seeking the breakthrough that could help it eliminate carbon emissions. But for now, he's getting creative about finding renewable energy where he can.
He drives me down a rutted dirt road, through towering brown hills. It's a landfill, and here and there, things stick up.
"The black tube coming out," he says pointing, "it's a methane capture well."
The methane is released as the trash rots. When it goes into the air, methane is a dirty greenhouse gas, but last year Toyota set up a generator here to turn it into clean electricity. The power is sent through an underground line, straight to the Toyota plant 6 miles away, bypassing the local utility altogether.
"They either have to put it in their system," Butt says, "or people will be looking at alternate ways to get that energy in a renewable form."
LOS ANGELES — Walker Buehler, the Dodgers' prized pitching prospect, has been optioned to Class A Rancho Cucamonga, although the right-hander could be back in the majors this weekend.
Buehler made his first big league start on Monday night against Miami. The 23-year-old allowed four hits over five scoreless innings and struck out five, but didn't factor in the decision in the Dodgers' 2-1 win.
Manager Dave Roberts said the team wanted to keep Buehler in the same time zone and nearby so it would have the option of starting him on Saturday at San Francisco.
In a related move, the Dodgers selected the contract of right-hander Daniel Hudson from Triple-A Oklahoma City, bringing the big-league roster to 40.
Shane Smith sits atop the depth chart at his position, was on the field for the first play of the preseason, and made a pretty good impression when one of his blocks knocked the helmet off an opponent in the game against the Steelers. He even caught the first completed pass of the preseason by the Giants, a 9-yarder from Josh Johnson.
Not bad for an undrafted rookie.
But the fullback has another obstacle to climb besides just winning his position battle. He also has to convince the Giants that they actually need his position.
The team went without a fullback last year and this offseason they brought in free-agent tight end Rhett Ellison, who has experience in that job from his days blocking for Adrian Peterson in Minnesota. A true dedicated fullback is a luxury the Giants may not have on their 53-man roster.
So Smith needs to find other ways to make the squad.
“A fullback is lucky to get 20 percent of the plays, so you have to contribute enough on special teams to where the team really wants to keep you,” Smith said on Monday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Luckily for him he spent a lot of time in college doing that. While most rookies come to their first NFL training camp having avoided special teams play for most of their college careers, Smith was a standout in those roles at San Jose State. He played on all four coverage and return teams there and has been doing so here with the Giants as well.
“I was all for it,” Smith said of doing the grunt work in college. “I knew that if I wanted to play in the NFL I'd have to play special teams. Just having the experience — I've played every position on punts — it's easier having that versatility.”
The Giants are certainly giving Smith a chance to show what he can do. In Friday's game he had eight snaps with the offense and nine on special teams.
“In the game I think I did a pretty good job,” Smith said.
Ben McAdoo seemed impressed by both Smith and Jacob Huesman, the other true fullback on the roster. Unlike Smith, Huesman is new to the role as a converted quarterback from Tennessee-Chattanooga. Smith made the change from linebacker to fullback after his redshirt freshman year in college.
Giants videos
“They're doing a nice job,” McAdoo said. “Assignment-wise they're making progress. Huesman did a nice job picking up a linebacker coming off the edge on a play-action pass today. They're getting better at special teams each and every day. It's a great competition.”
Just not a traditional one between two players, though. They're both battling to make their dispensable position necessary on the Giants' roster. That may be the toughest competition there is.
With the third edition of the Apple Watch, the brand has crossed an important milestone for wearable tech. It's not just the largest selling Smartwatch, it's the world's largest selling watch. Period. Which effectively settles any preliminary arguments about whether wearable tech serves an indispensable utilitarian purpose. As a faster, smoother and now water-resistant piece of equipment, the Apple Watch Series 3 showcases the best that wearable tech has to currently offer.
The basics
The Apple Watch Series 3 comes with a dual-core processor which is reportedly 70 per cent faster than the previous watch. Chief amongst the watch's new features is in-built cellular capabilities. But due to infrastructural shortcomings that version won't be coming to India just yet. So, what we have here is the standard Apple Watch S3 with in-built GPS.
Everything about the watch is targeted towards ergonomic efficiency, from the ease with which the strap is clasped and released, to the excellent smooth-scroll function. Apple has decided not to meddle with the aesthetics of the watch, since its distinct rectangular shape serves out a more practical function (particularly when it comes to readability and scrolling) as compared to the more aesthetically driven smartwatches out there.
Fitness
Given the excellent feedback it has received over the years, Apple has decided to put fitness front and center in their list of priorities. So, if you're not given to regular and monitored forms of exercise, a big part of the watch's appeal would possibly be lost to you. The Series 3 is unmatched when it comes to monitoring both indoor and outdoor cardiovascular workouts, be it swimming, running, walking, rowing, or other exercises part of your everyday workout.
Timed intervals accurately monitor your total calorie burn count, and a particularly sensitive heart rate monitor can help detect even the slightest arrhythmic irregularities. Apple claims that the watch can actually warn individuals when it detects an irregular heart rate pattern – a feature that has in the past caused an early diagnosis of cardiovascular conditions.
Its fitness functions carefully chart the distance moved, exercises performed and also give you hourly reminders prompting you to stand in case you've been seated for too long. These alerts can be turned off, should you demand a stealthier existence from your watch. So when it comes to starting and logging fitness sessions, you don't need to download the host of fitness apps compatible with the watch. The watch also comes with an altimeter now, one of its biggest highlights, so you can throw rock climbing into the mix, should you be so inclined.
Strength trainer or weight trainers can download apps such as Gymaholic which will give them an accurate assessment of the number of reps,
Battery life
This has to be one of Series 3's biggest strengths. The watch's battery life has considerably improved, and even though the disc-shaped charger is extremely light and portable, you can do without one for a weekend trip. I had a chance interaction with a Series 2 user who happened to be quite amazed by the fact that my watch hadn't been charged for over a day and still had 50% battery life left. Of course, most fitness apps weren't used, so GPS wasn't constantly active, saving battery life. If you run out of juice, it only takes an hour to get a full charge.
Ease of use of the Apple Watch Series 3
If you're not heavily into fitness, the features you're most likely to use are emails, WhatsApp notifications and music. All of which are brought to your attention through haptic and auditory feedback. The processor speed is lightning quick, and you can even get SIRI to vocally respond to your queries, through the watch's speaker.
The Apple Watch is also graphically superior to its predecessors. While this allows you to set your favourite photographs as watch faces, it's also allowed Apple to add some Disney animation exclusive to the Apple Watch. This can appear amusing or gimmicky depending on your level of exposure to pop culture.
Navigation
This happens to be a major chink in the Apple Watch's armour. Because you still have to resort to Apple Maps when you're using SatNav on your watch. And Apple Maps, though greatly improved, aren't particularly handy in the Indian context. Another factor is that unlike Android-operated Smartwatches, the Apple Watch continues to remain compatible only with the iPhone. Apple claims that the watch works best with and iPhone; while this might be true it deters users of other phones that may be genuinely interested in a piece of wearable tech that's at the height of its prowess like the Series 3.
Exclusive features of the Apple Watch Series 3
Apart from the altimeter, GPS and faster performance, the Series 3 is water resistant for up to 50 meters, allowing you to log your laps in the swimming pool. It also allows you to interact with SIRI, who can now respond to your commands through the watch's speakers, so you're less dependent on the phone it's tethered to. It also gets a nifty astronomy feature which gives you a 3D rendition of outer earth showing you sunlight travelling across the globe as the day progresses.
In order to display the full extent of the watch's haptic prowess, it now comes with a ‘Breathe' feature which demands a meditative minute of your time.
Verdict
The Apple Watch Series 3 is currently available in two sizes – 38mm and 42mm, retailing at ₹29,900 and ₹31,900, respectively. Although both the Series 2 and the Series 1 are still on sale in the market for much cheaper, the Series 3 justifies its price by being the fastest, most interactive and durable version of the lot and is actually pretty good value for money.
The one in India might not have a cellular feature yet, and that keeps it from being an entirely self-contained unit. But it can't be argued that from a functional perspective, it's very difficult to outmatch what we have on hand here.
1 /2
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
> More on Gadgets
Authorities Hope To Avoid Knee-Jerk Reaction To Crime Crackdown
A group of current and retired police chiefs are hoping to talk the Trump administration out of a return to what they see as a "lock 'em up" approach to law enforcement.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Oprah Winfrey hosting her show in the 1990s.
Oprah Winfrey was not a good journalist. As a news reporter in Baltimore, she would find herself committing the cardinal sin of emoting on air: She would laugh when someone said something amusing or absurd, and, when she was moved—which was often—the young Winfrey would cry. Bad journalism, as we see lamentably via Indian news channels, makes for compelling television, and as soon as Winfrey was moved to a breakfast show and allowed to talk, everything changed.
“It was like breathing to me,” said the most influential black woman in the world in a 2005 Guardian interview as she looked back on her start. “Like breathing. You just talk.” Oprah's remarkable and historic ascension across the airwaves of America began with the way she would connect and relate—speaking to rather than speaking at. She became the face of empathy, and now another incredibly powerful woman with an incredible connect with her audience may well be poised to do the same.
On 21 May, Netflix announced a multi-year deal with Barack and Michelle Obama and their company Higher Ground Productions, wherein the former US president and his wife will develop and “produce a diverse mix of content, including the potential for scripted series, unscripted series, docu-series, documentaries and features”, according to a press release by the streaming giant. On an unrelated note, Netflix stocks skyrocketed a couple of days later, and its market value went up to $153 billion (around Rs10,345 crore), briefly overtaking Disney as the most valuable media company in the world.
Michellle Obama at the Democratic National Convention.
The role of Barack Obama as a television producer could lead to many things, but he would be utterly priceless as a negotiator for Netflix, smoothening out tricky deals in foreign countries with a photo-op and a flash of that grin. At this point, it doesn't matter what the Obamas make, but what they offer: Netflix has bought a massive amount of credibility with this alliance. According to a report in the New York Post, the deal is well over $50 million, but Netflix has already “received hundreds of résumés and story ideas after announcing the partnership”.
The jokes write themselves, naturally. America has a president who used to produce reality shows, and now we could have a former president who will be doing the same thing (the polite term used in the press release is “unscripted series”, as if Donald Trump has made the mention of “reality television” a bad thing. Yes and no. He has, but it already was).
The former first lady, on the other hand, has the kind of presence and warmth and incredible ability to connect with people that could take her very, very far on television. Miraculously coming across as both approachable and indisputably badass, Michelle Obama is widely recognized as an intelligent and elegant leader. Image is everything. Her screen presence is remarkable, and America trusts her far more than, say, Hillary Clinton. Rightly positioned, she could do something quite incredible with the power she now has. The potential is thrilling.
A lawyer from Chicago who studied at Harvard Law School and Princeton University, Michelle is an eloquent and impassioned speaker who has demonstrated the ability to captivate an audience. The subjects with which she has forged her bond with the American public are very much in the Oprah domain—avoidance of obesity, healthy eating, nutrition, equal rights education and reading—and, as shown by her sense of humour and the way she can dance, Michelle could be quite an entertainer. She might not even have to give out free cars to get the audience's attention.
At the Golden Globe Awards in January, Oprah Winfrey had given a rousing speech that had people on their feet. She spoke of inequality, rape, and the victims of sexual abuse coming forward with the “Me Too” movement. “For too long, women have not been heard or believed if they dared to speak their truth to the power of those men. But their time is up,” she said. “So I want all the girls watching here, now, to know that a new day is on the horizon. And when that new day finally dawns, it will be because of a lot of magnificent women, many of whom are right here in this room tonight…”
Many decided that this lady right here was the woman magnificent enough to lead them forward, and social media was abuzz with rumours of a presidential bid from Oprah. She has since shot down this speculation, but America is a country which has never had a woman in charge, and it will take an extraordinary one to be the first. Meanwhile, going from the White House to the world of television may be smoother for Michelle Obama. The most prominent hosts on American television today are either male or white—or both. They are also given to much hyperbole. There is too much shouting on television. Michelle Obama could stand apart if she—following Oprah's cue from all those years ago—decided simply to talk, engagingly and passionately. And to listen.
Stream of Stories is a column on what to watch online.
He tweets at @rajasen
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WWE's Seth Rollins seems set to cement an unlikely reunion with Dean Ambrose in a tag team title match at SummerSlam.
Three years since he betrayed his brothers in The Shield to join The Authority, the reformed Rollins extended an olive branch to Ambrose.
Initially the Lunatic Asylum refused to accept Rollins' apology, but they appear set to face Raw Tag Team Champions Sheamus and Cesaro.
It would represent things coming full circle for Seth, as he attempts to make his mark following a key victory over Triple H at WrestleMania 33.
Rollins, from Buffalo, Iowa, defeated man-of-the-moment Samoa Joe at Extreme Rules, but then lost to Bray Wyatt at Great Balls of Fire.
The 31-year-old is being positioned as a major fan favourite on Raw but it's been a slow process after spending three years as a top villain.
He spoke to the Mirror about vanquishing Triple H, overcoming his knee injuries, trying to win over fans and the story behind his new finisher.
(Image: © WWE)
You defeated Triple H in a non-sanctioned match at WrestleMania 33 with his own Pedigree finishing move. What was it like being part of such a prominent bout on the card?
You know it was funny to be honest with you, it was very hard to sit and enjoy it. You want to get out there and soak it up and enjoy the 70,000 people there and the millions of people watching at home and all that stuff, but it flies by. That being said it was really special to be out there after missing WrestleMana the year before, which was very devastating to me. To be out in that ring and featured prominently was something that was really awesome. It was redemption from missing the year before. I just hope I can be in a good position to have matches every year that people care about. It was awesome to be out there with the boss and go toe-to-toe with an obvious first ballot Hall of Famer.
How challenging was it, given your recent injury problems, to wrestle for 25 minutes?
It's always a challenge, obviously that was the first time I had really got in the ring after my knee injury and I didn't know exactly how it was going to hold up. I had done the physical training and bounced around in the ring to get ready but I hadn't had a match at all until WrestleMania. To get out there and feel it, it was quite the experience. I'm just happy I was able to get through it and we were able to have what I consider a pretty solid match.
(Image: © WWE)
For two years you were arguably WWE's top villain, but when you returned from injury in May 2016, we started to see a slow change in direction for you. How have you found making that transition and has it been more difficult than you anticipated to win fans over?
No it's actually been very natural, it's not like I expected to show up on Raw and within moments everyone loves me. Obviously when I got hurt the first time, people were upset about it and felt for me personally. I came back and there was an instant excitement and buzz about my return, but I didn't expect people to instantly embrace me or trust me. So for me it was just a very organic process, to go from where I was, to where I am now. A lot of time when you're out injured is spent with internal reflection and kind of looking at yourself in the mirror and deciding who you want to be and where you fit in. A lot of that real life stuff kind of carried over into what we've been doing for the last year or so now. It's been a wild ride but I definitely feel like we're pointing in the right direction and things are looking up.
Was no longer using The Pedigree and debuting a new finisher part of that process of ending that stage of your career? What made you decide to use a wrist lock transitioned into a short-arm high knee?
The Pedigree was a part of my life when I was in the Authority and it made sense for the time being, after sealing the deal and beating Triple H with it at WrestleMania, that was a good place to retire it. At the end of the day I want to be my own person, I want to be my own performer, and I want to have a finisher that's synonymous with me and not with my mentor. I've always prided on doing things a little differently and I wanted to bring something to the table that people and fans of WWE maybe hadn't really seen. The Ripcord Knee as it's been called recently is something that's very dangerous, it can come out of nowhere and I think if you've seen it in other places, you know the damage it can do. Plus I thought it was nifty that my biggest weakness, my right knee which has put me out of action twice now, has now become my biggest strength and it's what I use to put my opponents away with. There's a nice bit of storytelling there as well.
SummerSlam takes place on Sunday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. As of yet, you don't have a match. If you could choose an opponent, who would it be?
I don't know, the way things are going, right now currently I've got an issue with Sheamus and Cesaro and they have got championship gold on their shoulders. If I could get Dean Ambrose on the same page as me, who knows what the possibilities could be. I know the fans would love an Ambrose and Rollins tag team title match. That sounds pretty good to me. We'll see what the future holds but I'd love to get my hands on those European wrestlers.
Watch WWE SummerSlam 2017 live on the WWE Network or on Sky Sports Box Office at 1am on Monday, August 21.
You can follow all the action as it happens in the Mirror Sport WWE SummerSlam 2017 Live Blog.
LOS ANGELES — In the late 1930s, when few doors were open to the son of a poor Chinese immigrant, Tyrus Wong landed a job at Walt Disney's studio as a lowly “in-betweener,” whose artwork filled the gaps between the animator's key drawings. But he arrived at an opportune moment.
Disney's animators were struggling to bring “Bambi” to the screen. The wide-eyed fawn and his feathered and furry friends were literally lost in the forest, overwhelmed by leaves, twigs, branches and other realistic touches in the ornately drawn backgrounds.
“Too much detail,” Wong thought when he saw the sketches.
On his own time, he made a series of tiny drawings and watercolors and showed them to his superiors. Dreamy and impressionistic, like a Chinese landscape, Wong's approach was to “create the atmosphere, the feeling of the forest.” It turned out to be just what “Bambi” needed.
Wong, who brought a poetic quality to “Bambi” that has helped it endure as a classic of animation, died of natural causes just after midnight early Friday morning in his Sunland home, said his daughter Kim Wong. He was 106.
“Ty had a different approach and certainly one that had never been seen in an animated film before,” legendary Disney animators Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston once wrote of the humble artist, whose contributions to one of the studio's iconic productions went largely unheralded for years.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“His grasses were a shadowy refuge with just a few streaks of the actual blades; his thickets were soft suggestions of deep woods and patches of light,” Thomas and Johnston wrote. “Every time of day and each mood of the forest was portrayed in a breathtaking manner.”
Called the film's “most significant stylist” by animation historian John Canemaker, Wong influenced later generations of animators, including Andreas Deja, the Disney artist behind Lilo of “Lilo and Stitch” and Jafar in “Aladdin.”
“I was 12 or 13 when I saw 'Bambi.' It changed me,” Deja told the Los Angeles Times in 2015. “There was something about the way the forest was depicted that had a layer of magic to it.
“Tyrus Wong really made that film look the way it did.”
Wong worked at Disney only a few years, his employment cut short by a strike in 1941. But he quickly was picked up by Warner Bros., where for more than 25 years he drew storyboards and set designs for such movies as “Rebel Without a Cause,” “The Wild Bunch” and “Sands of Iwo Jima.”
When he retired from Warner Bros. in 1968, he continued to paint, turning some of his work into top-selling Christmas cards for Hallmark. He also channeled his artistry into kitemaking and in his 10th decade was still flying his creations - swallows, snow cranes, a 100-foot-long centipede - at Santa Monica State Beach. He was the subject of “Tyrus,” an award-winning documentary by filmmaker Pamela Tom released in 2015.
Wong was born in Guangdong province in southern China on Oct. 25, 1910. Pigs and chickens lived under the family roof, which leaked, and food was suspended from a hook in the ceiling “so that the rats wouldn't eat it,” Wong recounted in “On Gold Mountain,” a memoir by Lisa See.
At age 9 he said goodbye to his mother and sister and sailed to America with his father, Look Get Wong. On Dec. 30, 1920, they landed at Angel Island.
His father was free to head to the mainland because he had immigrated earlier and had his papers. Tyrus, however, was confined to the immigration station. “It was just like jail,” he later said of the lonely month he spent there.
Immigration officials quizzed him about his family and home back in China to ascertain if he really was Look Get Wong's son. On Jan. 31, 1921, they issued his identification papers and he was reunited with his father. He never saw his mother and sister again.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
He went to Sacramento, where his father tried to scrape by working for a cobbler. But the elder Wong knew nothing about repairing shoes, so when a better opportunity arose in Los Angeles, he moved there, leaving Tyrus behind until he got settled.
He wound up sending for his son sooner than he had planned. With his father gone, Tyrus started skipping school. Notified of the boy's delinquency after a month of absences, the senior Wong had him put on a train to L.A.
“When I got off the train,” Wong told See, “my father hit me for doing so badly.”
He placed a high value on education, but he was, Wong later said, “a very, very good father.” He recited classical Chinese poetry to his son and taught him to paint, draw and write calligraphy. Unable to afford proper paper and ink, Tyrus practiced on newsprint with a brush dipped in water.
They lived in Chinatown but he attended school in Pasadena, where he painted posters for school events. His junior high principal was impressed by his artistic ability and helped him obtain a scholarship for one term at Otis Art Institute (now Otis College of Art and Design). Wong later received a full scholarship.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
At Otis he studied the giants of Western art, such as Honore Daumier. He spent much of his spare time looking at Japanese and Chinese brush painting, particularly Song dynasty landscapes that conveyed mountains, mist and trees with minimal strokes.
“I learned that nature is always greater than man,” he said in See's book. “It is the balance and harmony between man and nature that is important.”
After graduating from Otis in 1935, he joined the Depression-era Federal Arts Project, creating paintings for public libraries and government buildings.
In 1938 he was hired at Disney but didn't think he would last long. Being an “in-betweener” required little creativity and a lot of eye-straining tedium.
Then he heard about “Bambi,” based on the book by Felix Salten.
“I said, 'Gee, this is all outdoor scenery (and) I'm a landscape painter. This will be great,'” he recalled in a video for the Disney Family Museum, which showcased his work in a 2013 exhibit.
When “Bambi” art director Tom Codrick saw Wong's sketches, Wong recalled later, “He said, 'Maybe we put you in the wrong department.'” The rest of the team agreed, including Disney.
(END OPTIONAL TRIM)
“I like that indefinite effect in the background - it's effective. I like it better than a bunch of junk behind them,” Disney said in Thomas' and Johnston's book, “Walt Disney's Bambi: The Story and the Film.” Disney later said that of all the animated films he produced, “Bambi” was his favorite.
“He set the color schemes along with the appearance of the forest in painting after painting, hundreds of them, depicting Bambi's world in an unforgettable way,” Johnston and Thomas wrote. “Here at last was the beauty of Salten's writing, created not in script or with character development, but in paintings that captured the poetic feeling that had eluded us for so long.”
In Wong's last decades he was known for the magnificent kites he made at home in Sunland and flew on the beach to the delight of passersby.
“You get a certain satisfaction in making them, and you get a certain satisfaction flying them,” Wong said in a 1995 interview with The Times. “Some are attention-getters, but that's not what I'm after. I used to go fishing a lot, and I love fishing. This is just like fishing, except in fishing you look down. Kite flying, you look up.”
Premier Kathleen Wynne stopped at Stelco Wednesday morning to warn voters about the dangers of allowing Andrea Horwath or Doug Ford to handle the increasingly delicate trade relationship with the U.S.
Wynne, who also stopped at Hamilton's steel manufacturing giant in April, said she's the best candidate to help preserve jobs — particularly those in manufacturing — given the looming threat of the U.S. imposing new tariffs on steel and aluminum.
"With the tension and uncertainty around NAFTA, I've been spending a lot more time in the United States that I might have expected to in this job," she said. "And that's because Ontario workers needed me there — needed us to be there to be standing up for jobs and businesses, like Stelco."
Wynne, appearing in Horwath's home riding, pointed out that Canada's exemption from new American tariffs on steel and aluminum expires June 1. She said the new "wave of protectionism" ushered in by U.S. President Donald Trump, won't change her commitment to fight for the 16,000 steel jobs in the province.
Wynne cast herself as the middle ground between her rivals, arguing that Ford is too close to Trump, while the NDP is having taken "rigid and impractical position" instead of pursuing what's best for workers.
"When voters go to the polls on June 7, they're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials. That's the reality of the role of Premier, it's that you find yourself — and you put yourself — into those very challenging conversations," she said.
"On the one hand, you have Doug Ford, he's expressed his admiration for Donald Trump, despite the chaos and the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario. And on the other extreme, you have the NDP, who has historically campaigned against free trade agreements, and would base their
MPP Ted McMeekin, who is facing a tough re-election fight in his riding of Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, said Wynne's efforts "literally saved the (steel) industry."
"I couldn't see Andrea Horwath, with her well-known sentiments about free trade and not understanding the complexity of the agreements, getting on a plane and going south to talk to congressional leaders and congressmen and governors. That just wouldn't happen," said McMeekin. "We've got a leader that made it happen."
epa06863463 Palestinian demonstrators clash with Israeli Policemen as they try to prevent an Israeli tractor from entering the Bedouin community of Khan al-Ahmar located between the West Bank city of Jericho and Jerusalem near the Israeli settlement of Maale Adumim, 04 July 2018. Israeli forces began preparations for the demolition of the Palestinian Bedouin Village Khan al-Ahmar after Israeli High Court of Justice approved on 25 April 2018 the Israeli regulatory authority decision to demolish the village of Khan al-Ahmar in the West Bank that was issued on February 2017. The demolishing orders for 40 houses, a mosque and a primary school that serves a number of other Bedouin communities located on Area C near East Jerusalem, in order to re-locate them near the West Bank town of Abu Diess. The Bedouin community of Khan al-Ahmar original are from the southern Israeli desert near the city of Bier Sheva, they had been forced to move to Khan Al- Ahmar in 1952 after their heads refused to sign documents offered by the Israeli authorities that force Bedouin men to serve in the Israeli army. EPA/ABIR SULTAN
HAZARD — Hazard High School Theatre once again amazed the audience with their spring production, which this year featured a farce by English playwright Michael Frayn titled “Noises Off”. The play was held at The Forum on the evenings of April 14 and April 15.
“Noises Off” is unique because the story features a play within a play. In other words, the plot focuses on characters, who are acting in a play. Yet much of the action centers around what happens to these characters as the play they are working on develops.
Pulling off a show of this magnitude is an impressive feat for a high school drama group because set changes are extensive and must unfold quickly. The set design makes matters even more challenging because the script requires the setting to include a stairway with doors on the second floor, along with an open space in the downstairs area with more doors for entrances and exits. However, the set also changes and must be changed hastily. Hazard High School Theatre met this demand precisely.
Hazard High School Theatre students oversee every aspect of their productions from acting and set design to technical design and even publicity. Folks driving along Hwy. 15 in Hazard near Morton Blvd. might have noticed the billboard promoting the show. The group also organized a promotion with Coal River Grille that gave a free appetizer to anyone, who showed their ticket at the restaurant.
The program for the play features a President's Note section, where Hazard High School senior, Stacie Fugate, shares a message about the show. Within that message, Fugate says, “”Hazard Theatre, for me and so many others, is a place where we can escape from our daily struggles to just have fun and put on a play. It is a home, a refuge, and a space where us misfits are suddenly normal.”
Every play must have a director, and for Hazard High School Theatre, that director is teacher Luke Glaser. Glaser has mastered a method of providing guidance and direction, while also giving the students space to develop each production as a team, with their own unique visions. Stacie Fugate speaks of Mr. Glaser in her message on the play's program.
“Luke Glaser entered Hazard High School in the fall of 2013 and went out on a limb in starting a brand-new theatre program. For some, drama may have been just an extracurricular activity, but to most of us, it has become so much more. We would not believe in ourselves if it wasn't for Glaser believing in us first, and for that, we are eternally grateful.”
This is the Cast of Hazard High School Theatre's production of “Noises Off”: Brooke Hochstetler as Dotty Otley as Mrs. Clackett; Darhla Miles as Lloyd Dallas, Director; Chase Rose as Gary Lejeune as Roger Tramplemain; Stacie Fugate as Brooke Ashton as Vicki; Taylor Williams as Poppy Norton-Taylor, Stage Manager; Andrew Nickles as Frederick Fellowes as Phillip Brent and Sheikh; Hannah Whitaker as Belinda Blair as Flavia Brent; Melissa Jones as Tina Allgood, Assistant Stage Manager; Zac Arnold as Selsdon Mowbray as Burglar.
This is the Tech and Set Crew: Trevor Robinson, Stage Manager; Hunter Brashear, Kelli Carey, Rachel Crawford, Charity Herald, Eleni Karelis, Andrew Nguyen, Ian McGrew, Katie Pennington, Zoe Pennington, Krystyna Roberts, Haley Smith, Haylee Teague, Connor Whitaker.
Sam Neace can be reached at 606-629-3243 or on Twitter @HazardHerald.
http://hazard-herald.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Play_cmyk.jpg
They Are Tracking Everything and Feeding It Into the Beast System ~ AWAKEN Video – DAHBOO
With daily advancements in technology globally, it is no secret the big governments have the ability to track people anywhere with tech.
The most important thing at this point, is wakening those around you to what is happening. Awaken them to what this world really is and how it is really being run. Help give others the chance to know the full truth before their time is up.
Just think of all the souls that lived on earth, that lived their entire life in a lie. Let break that trend. Lets awaken as many as we can to what is really happening before they try and trick the whole world into a false peace. A false peace that will be geared toward fighting an incoming enemy .. They will say non human.
But it will be the forces of good. And it will be the ultimate trickery and deception. They will try to fool the whole world into thinking what is coming is evil, when it will be the opposite! #Awaken
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scientists have found a link between the eye and the body clock which could lead to ­treating jet lag with drops.
They discovered a new group of cells in the retina which sends signals about light changes to the part of the brain that regulates the body's physiological activities.
Jet lag occurs when the body struggles to adapt to different times for light and dark after flying to a new time zone.
Researchers believe they may be able to use eye drops to manipulate the retina's signals and thus alter the body's responses to light changes.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Mike Ludwig, Professor of Neurophysiology at the University of Edinburgh and lead investigator of the study, said: “Our exciting results show a potentially new pharmacological route to manipulate our internal biological clocks.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
“Studies in the future which alter signalling through the eye could lead to developing drops to get rid of jet lag, but we are still a long way off from this.”
The findings could open up the potential for restoring the biological clocks of those who have problems through working night shifts.
Experts advise jet lag sufferers to follow eating and sleeping patterns in the new time zone.
PERCH Creek, formerly known as the Perch Creek Family Jug Band, has just received a Australia Council for the Arts grant for $15,000.
The former local family band, now a Melbourne-based music outfit, will use the grant to conduct a national album launch tour across metropolitan and regional areas.
Speaking from Perth while on tour around the country, James Chandler said the Lismore show will be a special one for the band.
"It will be the five of us on stage, and we expect to have a good time as we will be playing all our new songs, which we are really excited about," he said.
"There won't be any banjo, which may be a disappointment for some, but we were not sure what direction to take with our music and we decided to leave all of our old music behind.
"We decided to just jam and write whatever music we wanted to, and we ended up with this whole new repertoire, which is a bit more modern sounding and more complex.
"They are a little bit more rock but still melodic and we are very happy with them," he said.
BAND: Camilla Hodgkins, Lear Hodgkins, Eileen Hodgkins, Christi Hodgkins and James Chandler are Perch Creek.
Mr Chandler, who is the only member of the band that is not part of the original family, but married into it, said the band booked a one-week tour break in Wales to write these songs,
"We went to the supermarket a couple of times, but besides that we just jammed non stop for a while week, and we recorded snippets of staff, wrote a whole heap of stuff but we did not finish any of them," he said.
"Finishing songs a different thing, you need to be on a specific headspace to finish a son.
"Starting songs you need to be open and non-critical, and accept whatever comes, and that's a rare position to be. We were able to be in that space for that whole week.
"Finishing a song is more like a uni assignment, where you have it all there and you know you have to finish it all."
The musician said the band was initially slightly nervous about bringing the new songs to their audiences, so they started playing them live one by one.
"We brought them up slowly but people loved them," he said.
"We were nervous that people were going to think that we had sold out, or that people hold us to some idea of purity that somehow we had disappointed them, but pretty much everyone loves the new staff and when they see us live they'll realise that the style of music we are playing is different, we are still the same band they loved before.
"We were confident in our music, we knew we wanted to do it, but you wonder what are people going to think of it, but that didn't stop us from changing the style.
"We needed that change for ourselves as artists than we did for the fans," he said.
Morning Joe hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski are no strangers to accusations that they are friendlier with Donald Trump than is journalistically ethical. But apparently those claims reached a breaking point with Scarborough on Sunday night when he slammed reporter Sopan Deb on Twitter after Deb claimed Scarborough had "partied" at Mar-a-Lago on New Year's Eve.
It all started when Deb — formerly a Trump reporter with CBS, now a culture writer with The New York Times — tweeted this:
Morning Joe's hosts partied with Trump last night at Mar-a-Lago. Last year, Trump publicly thanked them for support. https://t.co/gLHtsOloph pic.twitter.com/6znKSoNf67 — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
Scarborough replied on Twitter: "Partied? You're very good at pushing fake news. You should write for CNN. Apparently making up facts is fine if you're writing about us." Scarborough went on, adding: "One of the more entertaining aspects of media coverage of media is how so many who blast Trump for half truths attack us with half truths … Last year I said Trump's campaign was racist, xenophobic, and disqualifying. But be snide while making facts up. Partied? Not even close."
To that last point, Deb jumped in to say:
I imagine you repeated that last night at Mar-a-Lago, @JoeNBC. Before the ball dropped, maybe even. https://t.co/xpiRV0JQKz — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
Scarborough clarified: "I 'partied' last night by watching Groundhog Day and Ghostbusters with my kids. Then watched the Mariah Carey dumpster fire. Around 7pm, I had a preset meeting with PEOTUS before his party … The event was black tie. Both Mika and I were in casual clothes, did not attend the party, and left before any 'partying' began."
Deb walked back on his claim that the show hosts had "partied," saying: "I should've chosen a better word. 'Attended' is more accurate."
"Thank you," Scarborough replied, "but I did not 'attend' the party … And I'm glad I didn't stay. Groundhog Day with the kids was great. And Mariah Carey ... Good God. A fitting coda to 2016." Jeva Lange
The Premier admits many local cable providers are not meeting their requirements to offer free over the air television broadcasts to viewers. Instead of enforcing the requirement, however, he says regulator OfReg aims to get rid of it altogether.
According to current regulations, local cable providers are supposed to offer free over the air content.
“One of the great challenges and why they haven't complied for all these years is the cost of providing the local content is just astronomical in the grand scheme of things,” Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin told the Legislative Assembly last week. “So it's still very much in the early stages but what OfReg is working on is moving everybody to the modern DTV platform. And from there it should be much easier to provide both local content and free broadcasting.”
DTV refers to the digital television standard that is fast replacing analog television signals.
The Premier made the comments in response to a question from Bodden Town West MLA Chris Saunders, who lamented in the LA that many in Cayman will be unable to watch the World Cup for free.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz tore his left anterior cruciate ligament in a win over the Rams Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
“I don't know anything until we evaluate him (Monday),” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said.
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter of Philadelphia's 43-35 comeback win at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
Wentz was hit hard as he scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass four plays later, setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season with 33.
“It shows how tough he is,” Pederson said.
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead. He led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives. Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No. 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State. On Sunday, he dueled with Rams quarterback Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in that draft.
___
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report from Philadelphia.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Pope Francis has given priests in the Diocese of Ahiara, Nigeria, 30 days to write him a letter.
They must promise obedience to him and accept the bishop appointed for their diocese or be suspended. Read more
News category: News Shorts, World.
YOUNG BLOOD: Riley Wellman, now 16, sold the Woodlawn College charolais for $7000 at the Breeds Sale at NRLX Casino Saleyards last year.
YOUNG BLOOD: Riley Wellman, now 16, sold the Woodlawn College charolais for $7000 at the Breeds Sale at NRLX Casino Saleyards last year. Susanna Freymark
THE beef industry might be going through ups and downs but there is nothing uncertain about Riley Wellman's calling.
At the age of 16, he already owns and runs his own cattle business and his future is straightforward. As far as he is concerned, he will be a stock and station agent and Casino Beef Week is where he feels at home.
Riley was excited to have shown his charolais and limousin cross-bred steers at Beef Week, where he has been showing for the past couple of years.
In December last year he started Wellco Pastoral, having branched off from his family's limousin stud at Keerrong, north of Lismore, where his stud cattle remain.
However he now leases agistment blocks for his cross-bred cattle nearby.
He is currently doing a traineeship at Ray White Rural in Casino.
"My passion is selling cattle and talking with clients," he said.
Riley believes youth is on his side and looks forward to bringing new technology into the industry.
For the near future he intends on reinvesting any profits back into his business.
"Cattle prices are currently down a fair bit but the last two years were really good," he said.
"You can't predict it or help it.
"But there are lots of opportunities and there will always be jobs in the beef industry."
Casino Beef Week attracts more than 30,000 people to the city each year for the 11-day festival encompassing more than 100 events, from paddock-to-plate experiences, art and craft to music, fashion, races, rodeo, live entertainment and plenty more.
NORMAL, Ill. — Milik Yarbrough, Phil Fayne and Matt Hein scored 13 points apiece and Illinois State held on to beat Evansville 75-71 on Saturday.
The Redbirds (13-11, 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference) led by one at the break but Evansville went ahead 43-41 on a Ryan Taylor 3 early in the second half. Illinois State answered with an 11-2 run capped by a Fayne dunk to reclaim the lead, 52-45, with 10:38 to play. The Purple Aces (15-10, 5-7) cut it to 59-56 with 6:11 left but a Madison Williams 3-pointer and a 3-point play by Fayne in the final three minutes helped keep the Redbirds on top.
Fayne led Illinois State with 10 rebounds and Yarbrough had seven rebounds and five assists.
Taylor carried the Purple Aces, scoring 32 points with six rebounds. Dainius Chatkevicius led with 14 rebounds in addition to his eight points. The Evansville loss snaps a three-game win streak.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An exam board has been slapped with a £175,000 fine after setting students an impossible GCSE exam question on Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
Students in Cambridgeshire were left in tears after they were thrown by the unanswerable question in the OCR English Literature GCSE paper last summer.
The May 2017 paper confused the two warring families, the Capulets and the Montagues, in the famous tragedy about the two star-crossed lovers.
OCR apologised for the mistake and said students would not be disadvantaged, but England's exams regulator has imposed the hefty financial penalty.
Ofqual said that the glaring error by OCR meant its exam had not been "fit for purpose".
(Image: David Davies/PA Wire)
An OCR spokeswoman said that the exam board would like to apologise to students, teachers and parents again, adding that it has revised its check system with the aim of "improving the quality of our question papers".
The error was in a question that read: "How does Shakespeare present the ways in which Tybalt's hatred of the Capulets influences the outcome of the play?"
But Tybalt is Juliet's cousin and a Capulet himself, so the question should have referred to his hatred of the Montagues.
The question was one of two Romeo and Juliet questions on the paper, with candidates required to pick one to answer.
A total of 14,261 students sat the exam paper and of these 4,000 to 5,000 students answered questions on the play - split half and half between the two questions, according to Ofqual's investigation.
(Image: David Johnson)
At Cambridge's Chesterton Community College, 200 students took the exam paper last summer.
Headteacher Lucy Scott said students had been reduced to tears by the confusion triggered by the exam error.
Speaking at the time she said: "Anybody who has read Romeo and Juliet will know that Tybalt is a Capulet. He doesn't hate the Capulets, he hates the Montagues.
"We have got students who have been preparing for three years for this exam and they were absolutely thrown."
"They are 16. They've been in education since the age of four, and this is the culmination of their education.
"If we can't get a question right, I think that's appalling."
The error provoked fury among Cambridgeshire Live readers, who dubbed it a "mess" and called for the people responsible to be sacked.
The OCR mistake was made during the setting of the paper and was not picked up during checks.
Ofqual concluded that "by reason of the error affecting question 4, OCR failed to ensure the content of the paper 2 assessment it set for GCSE English literature in 2017 was fit for purpose".
It said the board's failings in this case are likely to have a "serious adverse impact on public confidence in qualifications", particularly because the error happened during the first year that new GCSEs were being examined.
Ofqual also said that while OCR had acted to mitigate the situation, 2,735 candidates had been awarded a result which had been calculated based on their performance in other GCSE English literature questions because they had performed less well in relation to the Romeo and Juliet questions.
And 2,919 students who answered a Romeo and Juliet question were given the examiner's mark because this was higher than a calculated mark would have been.
An OCR spokeswoman said: "We would like to apologise again to students, teachers and parents for the error last year which led to regulatory action. We want to reduce the chance of errors like this happening in the future.
"We have revised our system of checks, based on extensive research, with the aim of improving the quality of our question papers."
The board has until July 16 to make representations on Ofqual's decision to fine, and then a final decision will be made.
It is understood OCR will not contest the fine.
A new study from the University of Liverpool provides evidence that locating a General Practitioner (GP) in a hospital emergency department (ED) can reduce waiting times and admissions, but may increase antibiotic prescribing.
The study, jointly led by Professor Enitan Carrol of the University's Institute of Infection and Global Health, and Professor Taylor-Robinson of the University's Institute of Psychology, Health and Society, has highlighted the advantages and challenges that can arise when integrating a GP service within a busy paediatric emergency department.
35% increase in visits
In 2014-2015 the total number of visits to EDs in the National Health Service (NHS) in England exceeded 22 million, an increase of 35% over the last decade.
Over 30% of these visits could potentially be managed in primary healthcare facilities. Long wait times and overcrowding in EDs are associated with delays in delivering urgent treatments such as antibiotics for severe infections in children. In recognition of this, one of the key recommendations of a recent report by the Royal College of Emergency Medicine was colocation of out-of-hours primary healthcare provision within ED.
In October 2014 a GP service co-located in the ED at Alder Hey Children's Hospital, one of Europe's busiest paediatric EDs. The researchers used data from Alder Hey linked to GP databases obtained over a six-month period (1 October, 2014 to 31 March, 2015) to show that introducing the GP service to Alder Hey significantly reduced waiting times and admissions, but led to more antibiotic prescribing.
The results of the study are published in BMJ Quality and Safety, the top ranked Health services and Policy journal.
Advantages and challenges
Professor Taylor-Robinson, said: "During this six-month period patients seen during the hours when the GP was available were significantly less likely to be admitted, exceed the four-hour waiting target or leave before being seen. However, they were more likely to receive antibiotics.
"The results presented in this study highlight both the advantages and challenges that can arise when integrating a GP service within a busy paediatric ED. Integrative approaches are currently being seen as a plausible solution to meet the needs of overstretched healthcare services, and further research is needed to guide an evidence-guided decision."
###
The full study, entitled 'To GP or not to GP: a natural experiment in children triaged to see a GP in a tertiary paediatric emergency department (ED)', can be found here http://qualitysafety. bmj. com/ content/ early/ 2017/ 09/ 28/ bmjqs-2017-006605
http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1136/ bmjqs-2017-006605
MO
Commuter Rail service was suspended Thursday afternoon after brush fires broke out along the Kingston/Plymouth line.
Firefighters from multiple towns responded to the tracks between Pleasant Street in Hanson and the Halifax station around 1 p.m.
Lieutenant Kevin Mossman from the Hanson Fire Department was among the first to arrive to the fires near Pleasant Street.
“We probably had four different areas that were going with brush fires,” said Mossman. “From Monponsett Street to the Halifax line, we probably had an additional four brush fires going.”
With dry conditions along the tracks, mutual aid from Whitman, Pembroke, and Halifax responded to the scene.
“Some of the fires that were spreading quickly started going towards a residential area – towards Briggs Street,” said Mossman. “The crews were able to quickly knock those fires down.”
With a wide area to cover, Mossman said it took a group effort.
“Just to get the resources here that we needed to handle the situation was fantastic,” said Mossman. “The guys from the area communities did a great job and were able to knock most of the running fire down quickly.”
Members from Keolis, the rail vendor for the MBTA, were on the scene. Officials said a southbound train may have been the cause of the fires, but the matter was still under investigation.
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Speaking to Sportstar, Yusuf admitted a disappointing IPL 2017 with Kolkata Knight Riders prompted him to sign up. He said: “I was approached by a few teams and that's when I decided to be a part of the draft. That is precisely the reason I agreed to play the TNPL. Any cricket is good for me at this stage. My target is to play to my strength.”
Indian internationals Yusuf Pathan and Yuzvendra Chahal have signed up for the Tamil Nadu Premier League (TNPL) 2017 draft. Along with the duo, Robin Bist, who plays in Tamil Nadu has also signed up while there is a possibility of both Hardik and Krunal Pandya featuring in the final draft as well.
Royal Challengers Bangalore and India leg-spinner, Chahal said he has registered as well but since he has also registered for the TNCA league, he might be considered as a local player.
Extra Cover: Gautam Gambhir likely to don the mentor's hat for the first time
In case you didn't know...
Last year, there were several players from outside Tamil Nadu who had shown interest in taking part in the TNPL but BCCI refused to give permission to the players and none of them took part. Yusuf won't be the first Indian international to express interest in playing the TNPL as opener Gautam Gambhir is already in talks with a few franchises about being the mentor for the upcoming edition.
The heart of the matter
The BCCI haven't yet given permission for outstation players to take part in the tournament and Yusuf himself admitted: “I would love to play following all the BCCI guidelines. Let's see how it goes.” With the final day of registration for the TNPL draft extended till Thursday, a clearer picture of the situation isn't too far away.
What's next?
The second edition of the hugely successful Tamil Nadu Premier League will take place in July with the player draft slated to occur before that.
Author's take
With the likes of Lance Klusener already confirmed to take part in the tournament as the coach of the Lyca Kovai Kings and Gautam Gambhir in talks to become a mentor for one of the sides, the tournament is only growing in stature. If accepted, the likes of Yusuf Pathan and Yuzvendra Chahal, who are both Indian internationals, will be a big boost for the local players, who will be able to pick their brains.
At the end of the day, the final call rests with the BCCI as they will decide if outstation players can take part in the tournament. One can only hope that they do participate and enhance the spectacle in the second edition of the Tamil Nadu Premier League.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report wasn't necessary, Chancellor Douglas Girod said.
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools.
Girold said Monday he was given verbal briefings after last fall's review but he didn't receive any written reports. The university's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men's basketball programs "for possible NCAA rules violations, including violations related to offers, inducements, agents, extra benefits, and other similar issues."
On April 13, Girod said in a statement that he had "complete confidence" that the athletics department had followed all rules.
"We didn't feel the need to release an external report," Girod said. "What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary."
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist. The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used.
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters.
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing.
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks. No Kansas officials were implicated.
"We have gone back to look at anything we have access to, and we can't find any evidence of that," Girod said. "But we don't have access to everything. That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly."
Justice Gorsuch Finds His 'Easier' Solution Doesn't Have Many Takers On First Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Getty Images Eric Thayer/Getty Images
With a nasty and partisan confirmation battle behind him, Justice Neil Gorsuch took his seat on the nation's highest court on Monday and quickly proved himself to be an active, persistent questioner.
As the court buzzer sounded, Gorsuch emerged from behind the red velvet curtains with his eight colleagues and took his seat at the far right of the bench, no pun intended. (That's where the most junior justice sits, regardless of his or her politics.)
Despite his white hair, Gorsuch looked for all the world like a kid on his first day of high school, proud to be with the big guys, and sitting tall, with a tiny grin on his face.
Chief Justice John Roberts welcomed Gorsuch to "our common calling." Then it was off to the races with three cases interesting only to true legal nerds.
Indeed, the justices were the liveliest looking people in the courtroom, though Justice Samuel Alito at one point could be seen eyes-closed, rocking gently in his high-backed chair.
All three cases involved technical and convoluted points of law that, to say the least, are not made for easy or interesting translation. But the newest justice was not shy.
Eleven minutes into the morning session, he asked a string of questions in a case involving which court or courts should hear discrimination and civil service claims brought by government employees.
Gorsuch repeatedly suggested it would be "a lot simpler" or "a lot easier if we just follow the text of the statute." But as the lawyers on both sides and other justices pointed out, the statute has multiple provisions that are interdependent, and nothing about them is simple or easy.
"This is unbelievably complicated," lamented Alito. "The one thing about this case that seems perfectly clear to me is that nobody who's not a lawyer — and no ordinary lawyer — could read these statutes and figure out what they are supposed to do."
"Who wrote this statute?" he asked plaintively. "Somebody who takes pleasure out of pulling the wings off flies?"
Justice Sonia Sotomayor seemed to agree.
"If we go down your route, and I'm writing the opinion — which I hope I'm not," Sotomayor said while glancing in the direction of Chief Justice Roberts, who generally assigns the opinions.
At this point, Gorsuch again suggested the simple solution is to just read the words in the statute, but Gorsuch had a relatively novel idea of what a statute means when it says to apply one provision "subject to" another provision of the law.
Justice Elena Kagan noted that the court has had a contrary interpretation for decades. To adopt a new interpretation, she said, would be "a kind of revolution ... to the extent you can have a revolution in this kind of case."
Gorsuch was a less enthusiastic participant in the next two arguments, but again focused on the "plain language" of the statutes in his questioning. In the second case, involving who can intervene in a property rights case, Gorsuch asked no questions of the lawyer on one side, Neal Katyal, who had testified for him at his confirmation hearing.
Gorsuch did not have much time to prepare for the 13 cases to be argued over the next two weeks.
He was sworn in on April 10, leaving him a week to prepare for the current and final round of cases of this Supreme Court term. Such short turnaround time is not uncommon, though hardly desirable.
Chief Justice Roberts had six days to prepare after his swearing-in. Justice Alito had three weeks. Justice Anthony Kennedy had four days. Justice Clarence Thomas 10 days. And Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sotomayor and Kagan all took their oaths in August, so they had about two months to prep for their first oral arguments.
Though already a justice, Gorsuch did not participate last week in the court's weekly conference at which the eight not only discuss and vote on previously argued cases, but decide which cases to hear in the future. Gorsuch would not have been eligible to vote on cases that were heard before he was sworn in, but he could have and will vote on which cases to hear in the future.
There are about 10 cases apparently being held, likely awaiting a decisive vote from Gorsuch on whether to grant review.
It takes the votes of four justices to agree to hear a case; the speculation is that some of the cases still in the queue need one more vote in order to get the four needed for review.
Are you ready for the new car tax rules?
Man takes matters into his own hands after findin
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists on a busy dual carriageway had a 'near death experience' yesterday morning after a driver drove the wrong way down the A30 in Cornwall.
Bus driver Jimmers Thomas said he was en route to work on the eastbound A30 between Chiverton Cross and Camborne in Cornwall when he spotted brake lights of cars suddenly flash on ahead of him.
Unbelievably, a driver in a Nissan Micra was driving towards the oncoming traffic - all travelling at speed on the busy road.
Mr Thomas told Cornwall Live: "This little car bumbled past obliviously. I was very lucky to meet it by a layby where the road was wider, it's unbelievable that nobody was hurt."
(Photo: Plymouth HeraldWS)
He added that the car had a chance to pull in, but didn't seem interest in stopping.
"Half a mile up the road I saw the police traffic car heading towards the scene, so I knew it would be stopped one way or another."
Mr Thomas only realised that he had caught the drama unfolding when he had finished his shift and checked the bus's dash cam, which is constantly recording, reports the Plymouth Herald.
He has posted the YouTube clip to the Facebook page 'Parking Like a T*t in Cornwall' and it has already been viewed nearly 100 times. Jason Griffiths also posted this scary video with some strong language from this morning to Facebook, which has been viewed more than 260 times.
(Photo: Plymouth Herald)
Meanwhile others were just glad they managed to escape unharmed after being caught up in the incident.
Tom Pickard said he was "gobsmacked" by the scene.
Meanwhile Adrian Edwards posted: "OMG just had a near-death experience; we were driving up the A30 and suddenly there were a purple Micra coming down the wrong way in the fast lane we only just missed it as there was a van in front of us had Ivy in the car too, s*** me up big time I'm shaking!!!!!"
Devon and Cornwall Police said s 58-year-old woman from St Merryn was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and has been police bailed until the 24 April pending further enquiries.
A 14-year-old local girl was arrested after a violent outburst over a phone not working, report Kingston Police.
On Tuesday at about 5 p.m. a girl went to her grandmother's home to use the phone. The phone was not working and the girl threw a tantrum, slamming doors, hitting walls, and smashing dishes, police said. When the grandmother took younger children out of the home to escape the tirade, the girl grabbed a baseball bat and followed them. The girl then smashed a rear window of the home before fleeing when officers arrived. The girl eventually returned to the residence where she was apprehended by police after a foot chase.
The girl was belligerent with officers swearing and screaming all the way to police headquarters where she continued to be uncooperative. The teen was charged by police with mischief.
She was later released to her mother with conditions and a future court date.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The eldest son of Fidel Castro has died in an apparent suicide.
Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, known as 'Fidelito' because of how much he looked like his father, had been receiving medical treatment for depression for several months, local media reports.
He was found dead on Thursday morning in the Cuban capital Havana.
There were unconfirmed reports online that Fidelito shot himself.
A nuclear physicist who studied in the former Soviet Union, he had been working as a scientific counselor to the Cuban Council of State and Vice-president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences at the time of his death.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
His father, who built a communist state on the doorstep of the United States during the Cold War, died just over a year ago, on November 26, 2016, aged 90.
His mother is Mirta Diaz-Balart, 89, the only woman Castro ever married.
* Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org
COLUMBUS, Ohio — In a season of broken records and firsts for the Columbus Blue Jackets, one of the most important eluded them again: winning a playoff series.
The Blue Jackets' promising season fizzled out in Game 6 of their opening-round series against the Washington Capitals. They were stunning at times — like in the first two games, both won in OT — but glaringly not good enough the rest of the way. Columbus' power play went to sleep, and the Capitals took four in a row, capping it with a 6-3 victory Monday night.
Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky made some acrobatic saves throughout the series, but he also allowed a goal or two he should have knocked down.
"We did not make big plays," coach John Tortorella said. "At times, we didn't get a big save. That goes right on through the team. I'm not just saying (Bobrovsky), but the whole team. That's why you're out in six. It's tough in the playoffs. We have a number of things we need to get better at, as individuals and as a team."
There are reasons to be optimistic about the future of this young team. It battled through slumps and myriad injuries to key players, climbing back in the Metropolitan Division race with a 10-game winning streak. It played its grittiest hockey in February and March and emerged as a wild card from a mix of teams that all came on strong to finish.
"I'm so proud to lead this team, but I just want to see something good happen for our team," said captain Nick Foligno, who scored two goals on Monday. "I want us to realize the potential we have in here, and I want it to happen now."
RECORDS AND FIRSTS
Columbus traded last off-season for forward Artemi Panarin, who became the star the team had hoped he would be. He broke Rick Nash's franchise record for points with 82 (27 goals, 55 assists).
He was great in the first three games of the playoffs but went quiet as Washington figured out how to pressure him.
The Blue Jackets sorely need another guy performing at Panarin's level. That could turn out to be Pierre Luc-Dubois, who broke franchise rookie records this season for goals and points (20-28-48). He centred the top line next to Panarin, and Tortorella said the playoffs contributed to his growth.
Congressional GOP Divided Over Immigration, Some Willing To Work With Democrats Vulnerable House Republican are forcing their leaders to schedule votes on immigration to try to stave off a blue wave in November. But their support for a moderate approach that includes a path to citizenship puts them at odds with President Trump's midterm strategy.
Anthony Joshua appears in brilliant film about his life
How pubs should be serving their beer
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Carlo Ancelotti says Bavaria must be 'perfect' to
Players to watch in the FA Youth Cup final
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Joshua's life story has been told in brutally honest detail in a short film released ahead of his huge Wladimir Klitschko heavyweight title fight.
The Watford-born fighter is set for the toughest test of his career on Saturday when he comes up against the former world heavyweight champion.
AJ will face Klitschko at Wembley stadium in front of a sell-out 90,000 crowds with the IBF, WBA and IBO titles all on the line.
But it hasn't always been plain sailing for the 27-year-old - as the video, made by Lucozade Sport, shows.
(Photo: YouTube/Lucozade Sport)
(Photo: YouTube/Lucozade Sport)
The advert follows Joshua from his birth in 1989 to his knockout against fierce rival Dillian Whyte in 2015.
Lucozade track Joshua growing up, showing him delving into other sports such as running and football.
(Photo: YouTube/Lucozade Sport)
And the advert highlights key events throughout the heavyweight figher's life such as his arrest in 2009.
The short film ends with Joshua in his mother's living room and the motto "Nobody ever moved standing still" emblazoned across the screen.
The film will be aired shortly before the fight on Saturday.
Speaking about the advert, Joshua said: "I'm not usually one to look back but I liked the concept for the short film. It has been a real journey from growing up in Watford to fighting at Wembley Stadium.
(Photo: YouTube/Lucozade Sport)
"Everything in between; all the things I have done and all the people that have supported me, have made me who I am and this film illustrates that.
"I am excited to share my journey with my fans and I hope that it inspires the hunger in others."
The last sarcastic word on the Facegate scandal that has consumed the surfing landscape for the past 24 hours goes to the lads from The Dooley podcast, who asked on the J-Bay comment feed this morning, "Does anyone have a problem with WSL's move to Facebook? Anyone, anyone at all? Just wondering."
This is what the WSL crisis management team are banking on. That we'll simply move on to some other outrage in some other part of the internet - someone will get a seven for a floater, someone will put their fins in backward, someone will hand a female surfer a giant novelty check - and the show will go on and everyone will forget they're even watching the tour on Facebook. The outrage over the platform itself is already cooling, the real issue that's been exposed however isn't the comments at the bottom right hand corner of the screen... it's the anemic live viewer count in the top left. It's not how they're watching, it's how many of them are bothering.
A few teeth looseners into the devil wind to start the day. Pupo light like a cat trying to dance through the chop, Bourez running through brick walls and onto the J-Bay bricks. We just need Brad "Brickez" Bricknell commentating, and the J-Bay drinking game, the one where you drink every time the commentators mention the "bricks", would be really on.
I'd spoken with Parko at dawn and he didn't think they'd run. Kelly doesn't want to surf. It's early. It's devil wind. His foot is a brick. Drawn against Jordy in the biggest heat of the round, there's a bit going on around this one.
Jordy dropped what Parko rated one of the best of the 1341 comments on his retirement post yesterday. Jordy to Joel: "You have no idea how much you have inspired me and this sport bru." But then Kelly dropped the bomb of his own impending retirement. In December. Next year. Theories abounded as to why Kelly did it. Some believe it was a dish left sitting on a table in an empty house for 15 years, ice-cold revenge served for the wave Joel took off Kelly in the Pipe Masters final in 2003. Joel was way too deep, Kelly in the spot, Joel went to block him. The wave cost Kelly the most important world title of the modern era. Some believe, meanwhile, that he has no actual control over the shade reflex. It's purely involuntary. Whatever the motivations, nobody mentions a word of Kelly's retirement on the broadcast today. Not a syllable.
Shaun Tomson loves Jordy's corving orcs. The Big Cat is surfing loose but at 70 per cent, while Kelly comes out sparky on a bigger board than yesterday's 5'3". Jordy builds into the heat like a locomotive leaving the station. Kelly gives Jordy the wave of the heat, and then gets outrun by a long Impossibles tube. Jordy wins. It was the big heat of the round but only topped out at a concurrent viewership of 14.9K.
I was watching Owen Wright's Uncle Jamie digging a drainage trench out the front of his house next door this morning. Hard yakka as they say here, and it suddenly became clear why all the Wright kids surf so well. They were never going into the family business, but digging a muddy trench might have been preferable to surfing into the teeth of the devil breeze this morning, which jumped five knots during Owen's heat with Ian Gouviea and threatened to ruin the day entirely. The commentary assigned them African spirit animals. Ronnie called Owen The Giraffe. Pete called Ian The Puma, despite pumas living in South America. Ronnie was too nice to point it out.
Mikey Wright paddled out with the full skullet shaved into his head, and unlike much of the field - and his opponent Jesse Mendes - Mikey wasn't out there to surf beautifully. By this stage the devil wind had disappeared and there was a green sheen across the whole lineup, and the trap was trying to surf as sublimely as J-Bay looked. Mikey didn't seem too concerned between turns, he just wanted to get to the angriest part of the wave and, as Shaun Tomson called, "stab it." He's seventh in the world despite not being on tour, riding his luck with the wildcards, but all along you've just been waiting for the magic to disappear and second wave into this heat looked to be that point. A jinky bottom turn, a fluffed top turn, and cartwheel in the tube and Mikey suddenly didn't look top 10. But as he's been able to do in close heats all year, in the dying minute he got down in the trenches with Uncle Jamie and dug out the win on a sandy inside drainer. It's no longer just possible that he'll qualify as a wildcard, it's almost certain.
It's going to be almost impossible for a goofyfooter to win this contest. History and hydrodynamics say so. The wave is too quick and drawn for anything but the most metronomic of backhand reps. Lack of variety and the exponentially quick Impossibles tube section provide natural disadvantage for the screwfoot. But watching Connor O'Leary, you could almost, for just a second, imagine it happening. He's got the heft and he's got the flow, what he needs is some of what Occy (and to a degree even Wilko) had. He needs to come unhinged. Just slightly. Shake the predictability. It's not Connor's nature, he's a sensible lad, but if he just occasionally kept us a little on edge he'd be deadly.
Parko should retire more often, as this week he's looked twice the surfer he has all year. You can measure his mojo in yardage up the point. He opened deep, his trademark during his dominant years, and it was a wonder he didn't have company up there. Once the wind abated it was surfable from further up but no one, short of Parko, took the risk. And it wasn't even risk. At worst if you had to simply race it, you'd come flying into Supers like a re-entering Sputnik. Same theory applies at Bells. Parko surfed like his J-Bay heyday, and now draws Jordy and Conner Coffin in a battle of the J-Bay big cats.
Speaking of wildlife, the inevitable shark stoppage soon followed, and it seemed nothing more than procedural. Water cleared, nothing to see here, back out you go. There certainly never felt at any time that the event was at risk. In fact, it's become such a part of this event here that it can almost be laughed off dismissively. The water was cleared but there was never a chance this thing would stop. Western Australian taxpayers might well be pissed. The tour just upped and left with their taxpayer dollars without a shark in the lineup, while a toothy brute cruises through the lineup here and it feels like the 1pm dolphin show at Sea World.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A female teacher who had sex with a 15-year-old schoolboy in a hotel and at her parents' home after befriending him on social media has been jailed.
Alice McBrearty, 23, also kissed the pupil in a classroom and performed sex acts on him in an empty garage and in her car, a court heard today.
The judge told her she accepted that the victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was consenting to the "full-blown sexual relationship".
Sentencing McBrearty to 16 months behind bars, she said: "I accept he was consenting - what 15-year-old schoolboy would turn down such an attractive offer?"
Judge Sheelagh Canavan added that the defendant was a "bright, intelligent and gifted young woman, who knew right from wrong".
But she said she had committed the "grossest breach of trust".
(Image: PA)
McBrearty, who taught at a London school, admitted having a four-month relationship earlier this year with the student.
Snaresbrook Crown Court heard how she took the boy to an Ibis hotel for sex.
She also took him to her parents' home in Wanstead Park, east London, where she performed sex acts on him and had sex.
And the pair went for strolls and out for meals, the court was told.
McBrearty, who pleaded guilty to seven counts of sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust at an earlier hearing, put her head in her hands and sobbed in the dock as the judge jailed her for a total of 16 months.
Judge Canavan told the defendant she had "engaged in a full-blown sexual relationship with a 15-year-old child".
She continued: "I accept you truly believed this was a great romance, you were in love with him and vice versa, and that age didn't matter. But it did.
"You were supposed to keep him safe, to help him make the right decisions.
"Instead, you helped him make all the wrong ones."
McBrearty has since resigned from teaching and has been working on a zero-hours contract, delivering parcels to Amazon.
The court heard the relationship began when the defendant sent the boy a friend request on social media.
Lisa Matthews, prosecuting, said he "felt special", adding: "She started to take him out to parks, including the Olympic Park, they went on strolls and out for meals. He appeared to be besotted with her."
The court heard the pair had seven sexual encounters, starting when McBrearty took the youngster to her home.
On other occasions, the teacher booked a hotel room for sex and performed sex acts in a garage and her car, it was said.
She also kissed the pupil in a classroom. The court heard the relationship came to an end when the victim's dad contacted police.
Emma Sharron, defending, said: "This is a young lady who has had a spectacular fall from grace - university educated, comes from a respectable family - she has been utterly disgraced by this."
She told the judge her client "is not sexually attracted to children".
But she added: "She will of course be branded a paedophile for the rest of her life. She is a sex offender."
The barrister continued: "She has not been able to get a decent job that matches her qualifications. She has of course resigned from the teaching profession.
"She has been working on a zero-hours contract delivering parcels to Amazon."
