Kojo Yankson, Host of Joy Fm's Super Morning Show
Host of Joy Fm's Super Morning Show, Kojo Yankson replied callers who accused him of failing to hold the previous government accountable for the flooding that occurred this morning in Accra and other parts of the country.
Mr Yankson rejected the accusations maintaining that he had no interest at all in protecting one government or the other.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Jordi Diez, Professor, University of Guelph
The election of a leftist party in Mexico for the first time in decades has the potential to transform the country as it dislodges its ruling elite, challenges the economic consensus and promises to eradicate violence and corruption.
In a country marked by extreme levels of violence and deep social polarization, the July 1 elections were remarkable.
With the second-highest voter turnout level in recent memory (63 per cent), no allegations of fraud nor any reported incidents of violence, the leaders of the two parties (the right-of-center PAN and the pragmatic ruling PRI) that have dominated the country's politics and economy for the last 40 years conceded defeat by 8:30 p.m. to the leftist candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador (widely known as AMLO), even before official results were announced.
The prompt concessions attest to the magnitude of Lopez Obrador's landslide victory on his third attempt at reaching the presidency: Early returns gave the folksy southerner 53 per cent of the vote, the highest for a presidential candidate in democratic Mexico, and projections on election night showed his coalition winning a congressional majority.
Lopez Obrador was thus elected with ample political capital and the institutional levers required to transform the country.
The gamble
Despite strong opposition from the country's elite, for a plurality of Mexicans, Lopez Obrador represented the best choice to tackle the country's problems. Polling leading up to the election showed that he was considered by 43 per cent of Mexicans to be the best candidate to reduce corruption; by 41 per cent to improve the country's economy; by 37 per cent to deal with public insecurity; and by 36 per cent to combat drug cartels and organized crime. These were numbers twice as high as any of his rivals'.
Polling also showed, however, that, among his contenders, he was seen as the most likely to destabilize the country if elected.
The desire for change was such that Mexicans appear to have taken a gamble at the ballot box by voting for the riskier choice.
How transformative a change?
Yet, despite his portrayal as a leftist firebrand and the risk some see in his election, the more likely outcome is a gradual shift to a more redistributive economic model. Here are some highlights:
1) NAFTA
While a frequent critic of NAFTA, Lopez Obrador is unlikely to seek major changes to the agreement, let alone try to annul it. During his victory speech, he repeated his idea that boosting economic growth, reducing poverty and preventing illegal migration to the United States required self-sufficiency in agricultural production.
Agricultural policy is therefore likely to be central to his administration, and — Mexico's surplus with the U.S. and Canada in agriculture notwithstanding — he is likely to deepen discussions on farm subsidies should a renegotiated NAFTA not happen soon.
But a radical approach to the agreement is unlikely. Indeed, his point man on renegotiations, a former IMF official, has suggested that Lopez Obrador's team agrees with the “central positions” of the country's negotiating team.
2) The economy
Lopez Obrador seeks to maintain macroeconomic stability with a focus on socio-economic redistribution. In a short speech on election night, which came across as non-socialist manifesto, he explicitly mentioned that his government will not become authoritarian (overtly or covertly), guaranteed the continued independence of the Central Bank and declared that private property would be respected and that any nationalization was completely off the table.
On the important energy sector, which was recently liberalized, he assured investors that all agreements made by the state would be respected, unless investigations unveiled signs of corruption in their making.
3) Taxation, poverty and corruption
The left's stunning election is largely explained by persistent poverty and the unequal distribution of the benefits of economic liberalization. Mexico is among a handful of countries in Latin America that has not seen a reduction in poverty despite the commodities boom of the 2000s (its rate has stubbornly sat at around 53 per cent) and has seen a continued loss of purchasing power.
In effect, some studies point to a decrease of a staggering 80 per cent of Mexicans' purchasing power over the last 30 years.
To reduce poverty, Lopez Obrador has vowed to overhaul current taxation levels and to increase social spending through the resources saved by clamping down on the country's grotesque corruption. This is an area in which we are likely to see the most significant change should he succeed at taming corruption.
4) The drug cartels and insecurity
Lopez Obrador has called for a new approach to fighting the drug cartels, although details are scant. Violence has reached unprecedented levels: 116,000 people have been murdered since 2012. Invoking a process of national reconciliation, his proposals involve some amnesty to lower-level criminals who he views as victims of structural poverty.
The most important change, however, is likely to be in the role the military plays in national security: There are indications that his team intends to centralize the country's police forces and withdraw the military from fighting organized crime.
Lopez Obrador has been a polarizing figure, and portrayed as either a dangerous populist or a Bonapartist saviour. What we're likely to see instead from Lopez Obrador is transformative yet stable change in Mexico.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/why-mexicos-historic-elections-may-bring https://theconversation
22-year-old Gruffydd Wyn Roberts from Wales tells RadioTimes.com he could feel his legs shaking on stage as he reflects on his incredible BGT audition
Gruffydd Wyn Roberts earned a Golden Buzzer on Britain's Got Talent – and already his audition has been watched over two million times on YouTube.
Advertisement
The 22-year-old from Anglesey in north Wales performed Nessun Dorma, moved Alesha Dixon to tears and managed to bag Amanda Holden's Golden Buzzer.
However, his audition wasn't completely plain singing. When he first began, Simon Cowell stopped him saying that his performance was “cold and mechanical”.
“When Simon stopped me I thought it was all over and it was hard to hear that,” Gruffydd tells RadioTimes.com. “I thought I was doing OK, but obviously something wasn't right. I just thought, ‘I have to just take a minute to myself and compose myself and just give it my all for the next song'. And that's what I did, really.”
His second song was Nessun Dorma – the same one that Paul Potts auditioned with 12 years ago when Gruffydd was just 10 years old.
“I remember his audition very well,” he tells RadioTimes.com. “It was amazing. I've been trying to master the song for a while now and it's become a piece that I do when I've had a few pints on the karaoke, so I just thought, ‘Why not put it on the big stage and see how it goes down?' Obviously it went down pretty well.”
So has he heard from Paul himself? “No, not at all yet. Haven't heard anything!”
Performing in front of thousands at Blackpool's Winter Gardens for his audition back in January was “very, very nerve-racking” he says.
“I could feel my legs shaking whilst I was singing to be honest – I think that was mixed with adrenaline and nerves,” he says.
His next performance will be during the show's live semi-finals in just a few weeks.
“I'm looking forward to it and it's going to be very, very nerve-racking again but I think I'll be alright. I'm rehearsing a lot at the moment and I'm just taking every day as it comes, really, just enjoying it and going with the flow. Because that's all I can do, really.”
After his performance, Gruffydd says that Amanda congratulated him and said well done. “I haven't really spoken to her since the day so I'm hoping we can catch up before the live shows,” he adds.
This is the very first time he has entered a TV show, and now being one of the chosen Golden Buzzer acts Gruffudd says he feels “extra pressure”.
“There are only five people in the whole country each year that get given a Golden Buzzer – that's an achievement, and I'm definitely feeling the pressure to perform well for everybody and make Amanda proud again.”
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent airs Saturdays on ITV
NEW YORK — Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans.
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day, making it easily the most popular social media site. And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No. 2.
So whether you're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning, or logging on to procrastinate during work, chances are you see the little blue “F” icon more often than you take a shower.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 per cent of Americans who are online use Facebook “almost constantly,” while 34 per cent use it several times a day. About 15 per cent use it once a day, and only 12 per cent of Americans don't have a Facebook account at all.
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day — 57 per cent of women compared to 36 per cent of men, according to the poll. Younger people are on Facebook more than older people. About 62 per cent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more, while only 30 per cent of adults 60 or over do. About 54 per cent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day, as do 43 per cent of adults aged 45 to 59.
Jim Mazzarese, 73, a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, is one senior who checks Facebook on his phone several times a day when he gets notifications. He has a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site.
“It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine, it gets my blood pressure going up — but it's a lot of fun,” he said. He appreciates how Facebook has let him connect with people from when he was growing up “100 years ago.”
What about the other social media sites?
Seventeen per cent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day, and 10 per cent say that about Snapchat. For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for his tweets, only 7 per cent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day. Just 5 per cent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp, and 4 per cent say the same of Reddit.
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much?
In a blog post in December, Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform.
Meanwhile, a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being.
Worldwide, Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total, so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day.
——
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
——
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
Jurgen Klopp acknowledged Liverpool rarely do it the easy way after a late rally at Anfield kept Roma alive in their Champions League semi-final.
Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino both scored twice, while Sadio Mane was also on target, as Liverpool raced into a 5-0 lead after 68 minutes of the first leg.
Yet Roma - who rallied from a 4-1 first-leg defeat to knock Barcelona out on away goals in the previous round of the competition - gave themselves a lifeline with two goals of their own before the final whistle.
Diego Perotti made it 5-2 from the spot after James Milner was penalised for handball, though Klopp felt the decision was harsh.
Still, with a healthy lead to take into the return fixture at the Stadio Olimpico, Liverpool's manager praised his players for a "fantastic result" on home soil.
"It was pretty much a perfect performance for 80 minutes or so," Klopp told BT Sport.
"We made one mistake defensively where Dzeko could use the situation. That can happen, we knew before the game they have quality and we could not avoid that all through the game.
"I think we agree the penalty is not a penalty. It's not even handball, let alone a yellow card.
"But that's the situation and it's 5-2. I'd be much happier, of course, if we had won 5-0 or 5-1, but 5-2 is a fantastic result.
"I could not have imagined that was possible [before kick-off], so the boys did outstandingly well and we will go there and try to win again."
Liverpool started the game in subdued fashion before ripping Roma apart either side of the half-time interval.
Salah was the catalyst for the chaos, tormenting his former club with a brace before the break. The Egyptian forward turned provider in the second half, supplying two assists before being substituted.
While conceding twice in the closing stages took the shine off the performance, Klopp insisted he would focus only on the positives once the dust had settled.
"You always have to learn from the game. I really thought how we played them, with all these runs in behind, was brilliant," he said.
"It changed the game completely – they could not cope with that. We scored these goals, but we could have scored more. It sounds crazy in a semi-final, but we could have scored more. We missed a lot of chances.
"That's all positive. At the moment it doesn't feel that positive because they scored two goals. But, believe me, I will see the good parts of the game.
"We are Liverpool – that obviously means it's all-inclusive football. Everything is involved. We obviously have to do it the hard way, but we've no problem with that."
IT WAS a dull and dreary day in Derby, the cricketing equivalent of the colour grey.
Leaden skies brought spells of rain, while there was no breath of wind to blow along the clouds.
After a frustrating few hours spent twiddling thumbs, conditions improved for a 24 overs-a-side game starting at 3.15.
In stark contrast to the weather, Yorkshire won an exciting contest by two wickets with one ball to spare, climbing to second in the North Group, one point behind leaders Worcestershire having played a game more.
After the visitors won the toss, Derbyshire scored 189-6, opener Ben Slater striking an unbeaten 109 from 82 balls with 13 fours and a six, his fourth one-day hundred.
David Willey, making his first appearance of the season after returning from the Indian Premier League, took 4-47 from four overs, his best figures for Yorkshire in any format, eclipsing his 3-34 in the quarter-final of this competition against Kent at Canterbury in 2016.
Although the England all-rounder, batting at No 3, was dismissed for a third-ball duck in the chase, top-edging a pull to mid-wicket, the visitors were indebted to Tom Kohler-Cadmore, who top-scored with 81 from 63 balls with five fours and four sixes.
But it was pace bowler Matthew Fisher who won it at the end, the No 10 striking an unbeaten 24 from eight balls with three fours and a six, showing a composure beyond his 20 years.
In muggy conditions, and before a crowd of about 500, Yorkshire made one change to the side that beat Leicestershire by nine wickets on Sunday, teenage batsman Harry Brook left out to accommodate Willey.
Initially, Willey struggled, conceding 21 from his first over – the second of the innings – as Yorkshire failed to find the right lines and lengths.
There were four boundaries in the over as Willey, bowling from the City End, was pulled by Billy Godleman before Slater then flicked him off his pads, off-drove him and pulled him emphatically to the damp boundary rope.
On a pitch that offered good bounce and carry, Yorkshire, in those early stages, bowled much too short, Slater also feasting on a couple of half-trackers from Fisher, one of which flew for six towards the pavilion to raise the 50 stand for the first wicket from just 30 balls.
Having reached 52-0 from the first five overs, which constituted the powerplay, Derbyshire gradually fell away like someone who has fallen in with the wrong crowd.
Yorkshire pulled it back well, Tim Bresnan impressive on his way to 1-19 from four overs with just one boundary conceded, Slater the only batsman to pass 21.
At the halfway stage, Derbyshire were 97-1 and threatening a total well over 200.
Adil Rashid played his part in stymieing the run-rate, and he also got rid of Slater's opening partner, Godleman, the Derbyshire captain well caught at deep mid-wicket by Bresnan.
Bresnan's wicket arrived when Wayne Madsen hooked him to Cheteshwar Pujara down at long-leg.
Luis Reece was forced to retire hurt with a nasty-looking foot injury, sustained running between the wickets, before Willey nipped in with his four-wicket burst.
Gary Wilson was bowled as he attempted to paddle, Matt Critchley was caught behind as he tried to flick to leg, Alex Hughes was taken at deep mid-wicket and Daryn Smit caught slicing to cover.
After Yorkshire's reply began with a maiden from off-spinner Madsen, Adam Lyth and Kohler-Cadmore injected impetus with four sixes in five balls, striking two apiece.
Lyth skied to mid-on in the fifth over before Willey was dismissed, and Yorkshire slipped to 71-3 in the ninth when Pujara was adjudged lbw to leg-spinner Critchley. There was a pivotal moment in the 13th over with the score standing at 87-3.
Gary Ballance, on 11, was badly dropped by substitute fielder Callum Brodrick at deep cover off Critchley, a reprieve that came back to bite the hosts.
Yorkshire added another 45 before Ballance was dismissed, bowled trying to scoop Duanne Olivier.
It triggered a mini-collapse, Yorkshire falling to 133-5 when Bresnan nibbled at one from Rampaul and was caught behind, and to 135-6 when Jonny Tattersall went lbw to the same bowler three balls later.
Rashid then edged Rampaul behind and Kohler-Cadmore struck him into the hands of deep mid-wicket, the West Indian finishing with a career-best 5-48.
It was anybody's game at that point, but Fisher held his nerve, proving – as if proof were needed – that he is a young cricketer of the highest stamp.
Willey said: “We didn't play to our potential but we got across the line. We were probably down by five, 10 per cent in all three departments which made for a tighter game than we would have liked.
“In my first over I bowled too short and got hit square of the wicket. So on a personal level, disappointed with my performance but we got across the line which is the main thing.”
Watch The Moment Senator Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest Emerges
A video has emerged showing Senator Dino Melaye sitting on the floor of an expressway while resisting police arrest. Dino was seen sitting on the floor, shouting at the top of his voice that he “Won't take it”. Timeofgist recall that Dino was reportedly whisked away by thugs while being transferred from Abuja to Kogi […]
The post Watch The Moment Senator Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest Emerges appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Seized $43m: Amaechi files N500m suit against Fani-Kayode, Fayose's spokesman
Rotimi Amaechi, minister of transportation, has filed a N500 million suit against Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister of aviation, and Lere Olayinka, spokesman of Ayo Fayose, governor of Ekiti state. The duo had accused Amaechi of owning the $43 million which the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) found in a Lagos residence. In separate…
The post Seized $43m: Amaechi files N500m suit against Fani-Kayode, Fayose's spokesman appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WAIHEKE ISLAND, New Zealand (WFLA) – A New Zealand man caught a close call between local children and two orca whales on video.
The video was filmed on Waiheke Island, where Creed Pierce was watching the whales swim.
He noticed local children swimming in the path of the whales, and those in the video can be heard yelling for the kids to stay still.
Thankfully, the orcas passed with seemingly little interest in the swimmers.
“That's a lifetime experience for ya,” someone can be heard saying in the video as the whales passed.
Creed said the island is part of Auckland City, which is very busy during the summer.
You can follow Pierce's adventures on Instagram at @creedpierce and @nowhiteflagtravel.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - It's a story that restores your faith in the goodness of others.
A San Diego man stepped forward to give a kidney and save the life of a man he'd never met, after watching a story on 10News of a young man in need.
Paul Williams says he had just come inside from a walk with the dogs. He popped on the TV and saw a story that would change the lives of two families.
RELATED: San Diego police dispatcher donates kidney to officer
"I called my wife into the room and told her what was being said on the television," Williams said. "I simply told my wife, ‘this is what I want to do.' and so the journey began."
That's where the journey began for Williams and his wife, Michele on May 18, 2017.
"I was like, ok, and then I'm like, wow, all I could say, wow," Michele Williams recalled.
But for a local family of five, the journey began 26 years ago - with a birth and a diagnosis.
"If he doesn't get a kidney, he's going to keep losing functions," Kathy Wellman said of her son, James.
RELATED: Man's T-shirt says he needs a kidney; donor found after he wears it at Disney World
James's family says he's the glue that holds them together. He loves baseball and nice dinners.
James also has autism and is non-verbal. He also has down syndrome and his kidneys are functioning at just 12 percent, his mother told 10News.
Last year, James's mother said her son was in end-stage kidney disease
The Wellmans feared the worst after programs in Southern California rejected James for a transplant because he has down syndrome.
James' brother tried to give his kidney but couldn't due to diabetes.
With hope dwindling and James' journey possibly nearing its end, Williams' journey began.
"I had begun praying some time ago, is there something that God wanted me to do to help somebody else out," Williams said. "I just thought that the young man and his family had already dealt with an awful lot in life."
Two days ago, Williams underwent the surgery to give one of his kidneys to James.
Doctors say it was a success.
The Wellman family are waiting for James to fully recover before speaking with 10News again.
Williams and his wife on to their next journey: William's own recovery.
"The prayers of a family have been answered, and mine have been answered as well," Williams said.
Jack's biggest claim to fame is that he was in UK rapper Tom Zanetti's music video
Jack Fowler, aged 22, is here to clear up any confusion about the name of the show that he is entering. “It's Love Island, not Loyal Island,” he says, talking about the lengths he would be prepared to go to in order to get the girl who's right for him.
Advertisement
“I wouldn't steal someone's girl and be a mug about it, I'd be upfront and honest from the start,” he says. “I'm here for the same reason as the other boys in there, it's nothing personal if I have to break a couple up.”
Jack wants to be appreciated for more than just his looks. “I've got nice eyes and I'm ripped,” he says, “but going past that, I'm mature for my age, people think I'm older than I am on an emotional level.”
He says he was “devastated” when his ex-girlfriend left him a year and a half ago, but now he's ready to go into the villa. “I'm going to enjoy every moment, if I find a girl then brilliant!”
Jack adds: “I wear my heart on my sleeve a lot. I'm quite open so I won't be scared to approach a girl and tell her how I'm feeling.”
What is Jack looking for in a girl?
“I haven't really got a type,” he says, “it's all about getting on a level with someone. I'd like a brunette girl who is curvy with a nice bum and a nice smile and nice eyes. But we also need a connection.”
Who is Jack Fowler? Key facts:
Age: 22
Job: Semi-professional footballer
Instagram: _jackfowler_
Advertisement
Location: London
MINDEN – Douglas County, emergency officials continue to focus on assessment and recovery efforts as the flood waters subside. However, the region is expected to see more dangerous weather in the coming days.
“Ensuring public safety and providing resources to the community in the aftermath of the flooding remain the highest priorities,” said Deputy Chief Dave Fogerson from East Fork Fire Department in a press release.
Precipitation is expected to start Thursday morning. Peak river stream flows are likely Friday through Saturday with gusty winds at times. Flooding may occur in poor drainage areas including snow obstructed drains, and along smaller creeks and streams. Expect possible travel delays and wind advisories for high profile vehicles.
Road crews will be taking advantage of dry weather to clear debris, keep our roads clear, and provide safe travel for residents. Road work and repair will take place as weather and budget permits. We are encouraging residents to keep flood mitigation measures in place and clean drainage areas of snow, debris on private property. Residents should also stay clear of water in roadways and never try to drive through flooded waters.
Response priorities for County Road Crews include life safety, preventing damage to homes, maintaining emergency access to property, and providing for safe travel on all County roads.
“We have had great collaboration with all jurisdictions in Douglas County ensuring everyone's safety during these flood and wind events,” said Fogerson in a press release. “Moving into the next week, our focus will be preparing for the next storm with the added factor of saturation in the Carson Valley.”
The Flood hotline is no longer active but will re-open should there be a need in the week to come. Residents are encouraged to call 911 for life threatening emergencies.
For road closures and flood updates visit: http://www.douglascountynv.gov/AlertCenter.aspx
For sandbag locations visit: http://www.douglascountynv.gov/AlertCenter.aspx?AID=Flood-Watch-and-High-Winds-58
For Flood Safety and preparation: http://www.nevadafloods.org/
Follow their Facebook and Twitter for the most current updates.
Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m
The News
The Federal Operations Unit (FOU) of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Ikeja says it intercepted contraband with a Duty Paid Value (DPV) of N334 million between April 1 and June 12. The command said it also recovered N273.6 million from duty payments …
Ikeja Customs intercepts 384 parcels of Indian hemp from Ghana Nigeria Today
all 3 news articles »
Big Data is a popular topic these days, impacting an ever-increasing number of organizations. But academic research institutions, such as the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University, have been dealing with the IT requirements of truly big data for years. What can the rest of us learn from their experience?
With 350,000 square feet of research space and a 500+ user community, the Institute is well accustomed to dealing with huge amounts of data that must be available for long periods of time. Scott LeComte, senior IT manager at ASU's Biodesign Institute, identified three facets to the data storage challenge: performance, availability, and capacity management. DataCore SANsymphony™ met the need in all three areas.
Lessons learned at ASU include:
Read the entire article here, Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University relies on DataCore
Via the fine folks at DataCore Software/a>.
Last year, Nanushka received its first orders from “the majors” — department stores like Browns and online retailers like Net-a-Porter. When the label noted a large uptick in orders of its pre-fall 2018 collection, the team decided the time was right for a show.
In previous seasons, Nanushka would spend $20,000 on a “look book,” a series of professional photographs of models wearing the collection. For the presentation, which will be held on Feb. 11, that's just a drop in the bucket. Photos are still crucial, for press attention and marketing purposes, but now they need to be ready in time for the highly influential Vogue.com site to have them up by the morning after the show.
Photo
“The cost of retouching photos is insane,” Ms. Sandor said. “The cost of retouching our photos”— $300 per image, $10,000 in total — “is our biggest expense next to models.”
The cost of those models? $20,000. Add $40,000 for art buying costs: $10,000 for two photographers, $7,000 for video editing, $5,000 for makeup, $3,000 for a stylist, $3,000 for the casting director, $5,000 for the set designer and $7,000 for props. The venue, a well-lit penthouse in the West Village, costs $10,000. Production — everything from the lights to the transportation of the clothes — is $15,000. Finally, there are public relations to handle invitations and press requests, which means an additional $5,000.
Over the past few years, a wave of designers from former Soviet republics — led by the Georgia-born Demna Gvasalia, now the creative head of Balenciaga — have caused upheaval in the industry and have garnered huge interest in their point of view. But most of those brands show in Paris.
“We chose New York because of its openness and curiosity,” Ms. Sandor said. “Most of the influencers we work with are from America. We feel like they really feel our vibe.”
Photo
And yet you won't find Nanushka on the official calendar of New York Fashion Week, compiled and published by the Council of Fashion Designers of America, the body that oversees it. With occasional exceptions, no new designer is allowed an official spot on the tightly controlled calendar its first year in New York. Instead, Nanushka will show what's called “off-calendar.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Typically, if you haven't shown before in a major market, we don't put you on the official calendar,” said Mark Beckham, the council's vice president of marketing. “We don't want to get to a place where we're rushing people to show.”
As it makes its big debut, Nanushka finds itself in an interesting place, where the traditional fashion power structures — department stores, editorial placement, New York Fashion Week — are at once both more and less important than ever.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Come presentation day, notable editors and buyers will certainly be in attendance, but the stars for Ms. Sandor are the online influencers who are occasionally given a free outfit or two. She is hoping to see Alyssa Coscarelli, the market editor of Refinery 29, whose @alyssainthecity Instagram account (and the name by which Ms. Sandor knows her) boasts 93,500 followers, and Reese Blutstein, a 21-year old Atlantan whose @double3xposure account is followed by 165,000.
Ms. Sandor is straightforward about the stakes, “It's money,” she said. But she added that she was not too worried: “To be honest with you, I don't think we're risking anything. I'm quite confident it's going to be great.”
She allowed for one exception: “If there's a huge snowstorm, and nobody comes — that's a risk.”
To the editor:
Greetings from Canada. While on my fifth visit to Union County this past October I was saddened to learn that the Union County Museum has had its operating budget severely cut. I wish to express my disappointment at this development and also to point out the cost to Union County of under-valuing this resource.
If not for the help and information I received from Mrs. Ola Jean Kelly and her staff, none of my five trips to Union County since 2009 would have taken place. Not one. On each trip I have brought a family member and stayed at least four days. I would estimate the amount we have spent in Union County to be $1,000 per trip.
Why have I been traveling 2,000 miles to visit Union County? Because a few years before my first trip I discovered my family lived there between the late 1700s and the early 1820s. However the real reason I came the first time and have continued to make trips is because when I reached out to see what could be known about how my people lived there at the time I found Mrs. Kelly willing and able to help me discover their story. I have learned something more on each trip and what is more have fallen in love with the place.
Places like Union County were a doorway through which much of the rest of this continent was populated. Hundreds of thousands of families can trace their roots right through your soil. History there is like a natural resource that can be exploited but it takes the museum to mine that resource to get the value out of it. Resist de-funding your mine to the point they no longer have the time nor resources to cultivate a desire from people like me to visit in person.
My particular branch of the Foster family has lived in many other locations as we migrated west and then north in the nearly 200 years since leaving Union County. Many of those places are much closer and less expensive to get to from here in western Canada, yet most I have never visited even once. All of them have museums, but none of them have been able to reach back to me with the information and enthusiasm needed to inspire a visit. My point then is not mere mention of a museum, but that it be supported with the resources needed to provide something beyond what the Internet can offer — the sense that the past can be experienced in real ways. Your museum and the interest of your committed staff there made it possible to imagine there were sights and experiences in Union that would make a trip worthwhile — that the history I was interested in was nearly within sight.
Whether we come from far away or very nearby, those of us who are drawn to something about Union County's rich history are all spending money in your communities. These dollars add up to significant economic impact as a direct result of the museum and its ability to interpret and inspire. Reducing the museum risks reducing its potential to lure visitors. This will mean more of Union County's rich historical resources is not capitalized upon. It is a mistake.
Sincerely,
Greg Foster
Edmonton Alberta Canada
Zambia suspends 48 opposition MPs for snubbing president's speech
Zambia's parliament has suspended 48 opposition lawmakers for boycotting a speech by the president, widening a political rift that has alarmed rights groups.
Parliament's speaker barred the United Party for National Development (UPND) politicians from taking their seats for 30 days, a move that banned them from the building and stopped their pay.
Their party, which was defeated in August elections that it said were rigged, called the suspensions unconstitutional.
The lawmakers boycotted President Edgar Lungu's address at the official opening of the assembly in March, saying they did not recognise him as leader.
A month later, the UPND's leader, Hakainde Hichilema, and five others were arrested and charged with treason after a column of opposition vehicles failed to make way for Lungu's motorcade.
Amnesty International has said the treason charges are “trumped up” and called for the politicians' release.
Parliament speaker Patrick Matibini told the opposition lawmakers: “I challenge you to resign on moral grounds if you do not recognise that there is a legitimately elected government.”
The suspensions affected 48 of the party's 58 MPs.
The remaining 10 had officially excused themselves from attending parliament on the day of Lungu's speech and were not included in the suspension.
Hichilema was moved from a prison in Lusaka to a maximum security facility outside the capital on June 9.
The post Zambia suspends 48 opposition MPs for snubbing president's speech appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From Jenna Coleman to Tom Hughes and Diana Rigg, meet the faces who pop up at Buckingham Palace in the second series of ITV's Victoria
Set shortly after the birth of Victoria‘s first child in 1840, Victoria season two catches up with the young queen, her courtiers and the politicians of the day – but who is playing them?
Advertisement
Meet the cast bringing Daisy Goodwin's lavish period tale to life…
Queen Victoria (Jenna Coleman)
Queen and new mum Victoria is struggling to balance motherhood and monarchy in a particular turbulent time in British history
She's probably best known for travelling through space and time with Matt Smith and Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who, but long before she set foot in the TARDIS Jenna Coleman (then Jenna-Louise Coleman) was causing quite the stir as Emmerdale's Jasmine. She also popped up in Dancing on the Edge, played Lydia Wickham in the 2013 adaptation of Death Comes to Pemberley, appeared in the big screen adaptation of Jojo Moyes' Me before You and had a blink and you'll miss it role in the first Captain America movie.
Prince Albert (Tom Hughes)
Handsome and dashing, Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, the Queen's first cousin, was for many in the European elite the obvious choice for a sensible, stabilising influence on the unpredictable new queen. But their road to romance was anything but smooth and now that they have a baby daughter, find their happily ever after is going to take a little more work…
The man who would be prince to Jenna Coleman's queen first popped up in Casualty spin-off 1909 before Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant cast him in their coming-of-age flick Cemetery Junction. Hughes played Bruce Pearson, a free-living, womanising teen growing up in the 1970s Reading, a role that doubtlessly prepared him for his turn in Sex, Drugs and Rock and Roll in 2010. You may have spotted him in Hitchcock remake The Lady Vanishes. And he's already starred opposite his queen, Jenna Coleman, in Dancing on the Edge back in 2013, before making his name in BBC spy drama The Game.
The Duchess of Buccleuch (Diana Rigg)
The Queen's new Mistress of The Robes is quite the force of nature
Advertisement
Diana Rigg is probably best known to for her roles as Emma Peel in the Avengers from 1965-8 and Tracy di Vicenzo in George Lazenby's Bond outing, On Her Majesty's Secret Service. More recently she's won viewers hearts as the acid-tongued noble matriarch Olenna Tyrell in a little show called Game of Thrones. She has also appeared in Charles II: The Passion and the Power (just like erstwhile Victoria favourite Rufus Sewell), had a guest role in Doctor Who, and can be seen in both Detectorists and You, Me and the Apocalypse.
BURNLEY, England — Runaway leader Manchester City conceded a late equalizer at Burnley to drop points for only the fourth time this season in the Premier League, drawing 1-1 on Saturday.
City has now failed to win its last three away games, including a loss at Liverpool that ended the unbeaten start, but Pep Guardiola's side is 16 points clear at the summit.
City defender Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City.
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt, the hosts grew in confidence and earned their reward when Johann Berg Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton's deep cross in the 82nd minute.
Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was only able to name six substitutes.
With record signing Amyeric Laporte on the bench, Vincent Kompany returned to the starting lineup and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action, clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes.
Burnley's back four, despite the absence of James Tarkowski, was well drilled and it required patience to break them down.
City controlled possession but its final pass was poor. Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot.
City's breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner. The set piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked his spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
Burnley was far more direct than City and made efficient use of limited possession to create a couple of chances. On both occasions Ben Mee might have done better as he first forced a save from Ederson from a lobbed ball into the box and then headed wide following a corner.
City looked to kill off the game early in the second half but Burnley's back line held firm, denying Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan a sight of goal before Sterling fired over. City even looked to Danilo again as frustration grew but this time Pope tipped over.
Burnley retained a threat on the break and almost snatched an equalizer when Aaron Lennon's thunderous shot was touched onto the post by Ederson.
That injected more urgency into City and Sterling should have scored when he was picked out in front of an open goal by Kyle Walker but somehow he sidefooted wide.
Burnley's defence would not yield as its attacking threat grew — culminating in Gudmundsson's leveler.
AP photo
Kim Jong-un's half-brother was killed in Malaysia, Korean media outlets report. Reportedly, Kim Jong-nam was killed by a female spy. Kim Jong-nam was attacked yesterday at the airport of Kuala Lumpur, Yonhap news agency reports. Afterwards, two women fled the scene in a taxi.
It was also said that the two female attackers could be "agents" associated with North Korea.
Kim Jong-nam had left Korea a long time ago, after the execution of his uncle, and had been residing in Macau ever since, where he had business.
Pravda.Ru
“It's a credit to those guys,” Cassidy said. “They've certainly helped put us in a good position heading into the stretch.”
Through Thursday's victory over the St. Louis Blues, Bruins rookies have accounted for 23 percent (36 of 158) of the team's goals, second most in the league to Arizona.
Center Danton Heinen and left wing Jake DeBrusk have 11 goals each, followed by the rookie defenseman Charlie McAvoy (five), who returned to practice this week after having surgery for an abnormal heart rhythm on Jan. 22 and expects to be back in the lineup next week.
Working so many young players into the lineup and a new system is not the typical route to Stanley Cup contention.
“It's tricky, even in the best of circumstances, to integrate young players into a results-oriented business,” said Andy Brickley, a TV analyst for New England Sports Network, who played 11 years in the N.H.L., four of them in Boston. “But since Bruce has taken over, everybody's on the same page.”
Photo
Boston's top line of Marchand, Bergeron and David Pastrnak features the team's top three scorers, with 62 goals among them. But the contributions to Boston's position in the standings have come throughout the lineup. Nine players have at least 20 points, and four rookies have 10 or more.
Backes, 33, who joined the Bruins for the 2016-17 season after 10 years with the Blues, said the opportunities injuries created early in the season are now benefiting Boston.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Our younger guys are now a little more battle tested, and they can play more roles,” he said. “We've shown that we can simplify and play 2-1 games in addition to 5-4 games.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Center Riley Nash, who is in his second year with the Bruins after five with Carolina, said that even with so many young players on the roster, Cassidy has allowed them to play to their strengths rather than adhere to a rigid system.
“He's given a lot of freedom to players who are hard-wired to play aggressively,” he said. “The good thing about this team is that everyone seems to be on the same wavelength.”
The Boston connections run deep for some of the new Bruins.
McAvoy, 20, and the first-year defenseman Matt Grzelcyk, 24, played at Boston University. Grzelcyk's father, John, has worked on the TD Garden “Bull Gang,” which changes the hockey rink to a basketball court and vice versa, since Matt learned to skate.
Considering Bruins General Manager Don Sweeney, who was hired before the 2015-16 season, played four years of hockey at Harvard, it is not surprising there is a strong presence of former N.C.A.A. players on the team.
Heinen, 22, the team's leading rookie scorer with 33 points, played at Denver University. Others from the college ranks include Nash (Cornell), center Frank Vatrano (University of Massachusetts), defenseman Kevan Miller (Vermont), center Sean Kuraly (Miami University) and center Tim Schaller (Providence).
More former collegians could be making contributions to the Bruins soon. Forward Jakob Forsbacka Karlsson, a second-round pick in 2015 and a former teammate of McAvoy and Grzelcyk at Boston University, is in his second year at the Bruins' American Hockey League affiliate in Providence.
Ryan Donato, a second-rounder in 2014, leads Division I in goals (20) in his junior season at Harvard and will play on the United States Olympic team this month. He is expected to make the jump to the N.H.L. next season, following in the footsteps of his father, Ted, who played more than 500 games with the Bruins.
Brickley, a former all-American forward at New Hampshire, said Cassidy learned to trust younger players while coaching the A.H.L. team in Providence from 2011 to 2016, even though he promotes an aggressive style of play.
“His feeling is, ‘Let's get the next one,' not just protect leads,” Brickley said. “He trusts young players and gives them responsibility.”
Tiwa Savage And Omarion Get Their Groove On In The Video Of ‘Get It Now' Remix – Wetinhappen Magazine (blog)
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KNIGHTDALE, NC (WNCN) – A North Carolina man and his biological daughter face incest charges after warrants say they had a sexual relationship and planned to marry.
Katie Rose Pladl was born in January 1998 to Steven Walter Pladl and her mother and then legally adopted out of state.
When Katie Pladl turned 18, she used social media to reach out to her biological parents, according to warrants. After making contact with them, she moved to their home just west of Richmond, Virginia, in August 2016 and began to live with her biological parents and their two other children.
Steven Pladl and his wife legally separated in November 2016 and the wife moved out, warrants say.
The wife told authorities that Steven Pladl would sleep on the floor of Katie's room in the month before she moved out.
On May 23, 2017, Steven Pladl's wife read in the journal of one of her children that Katie was pregnant and Steven Pladl was the father.
Warrants say Steven Pladl told his other children to call Katie Pladl their step-mom.
Warrants also say the wife called Steven Pladl and asked him if he had impregnated their adult biological daughter. Steven Pladl told his wife he was the father of Katie's child and that they planned to marry.
On May 31, 2017, the Henrico County Child Advocacy Center interviewed the Pladl's two other children, who told the Center that they had been told Steven was the father of Katie's baby.
At some point after May 31, 2017, Katie and Steven Pladl moved to Wake County.
On Nov. 29, 2017, Henrico County police issued warrants for the arrest of Katie and Steven Pladl.
The Pladls were located at a home on Earlston Court in the city limits of Knightdale and arrested on Jan. 27.
A baby boy was with the Pladls when Knightdale police officers found them. Warrants say that baby was born in September 2017.
Both Steve and Katie Pladl are being held at the Wake County Detention Center pending extradition to Virginia.
They are both charged with incest with adult, adultery, contributing to delinquency.
Both were each issued a $1 million bond.
Steven Pladl has since been released on bond but Katie remains in jail, court records show.
They made their initial court appearance on Monday, warrants show.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
(KGTV) - Poway punk group Blink-182 is setting up a residency in Las Vegas.
The trio will be at the Palms Casino Resort for 16 performances starting in May.
The “Kings of the Weekend” shows will run through November.
Show dates:
May 26-27
June 8-9, 15-16, 23-24
October 26-27
November 2-3, 9-10, 16-17
Ticket sales start Friday, March 23 at 7 a.m. PT.
Blink-182 toured in 2017 in support of California, the group's first album without founding guitarist Tom DeLonge, according to Rolling Stone. DeLonge has been replaced by Alkaline Trio's Matt Skiba.
For more information and tickets, click here.
This week's episode of Sherlock included all kinds of shocking moments, not least of which was the death of Amanda Abbington's ex-spy Mary after Sherlock spent a little too long taunting a murderous receptionist.
However, fans were possibly even MORE shocked (if such a thing is possible) by Martin Freeman's John Watson, who met a mystery woman referred to as “E” on a bus, got her phone number and then apparently embarked on an illicit affair with her while he and Mary were just getting used to having their first child.
Just look at John's late-night correspondence with the mystery woman (John in blue):
It's been too long I know. Sorry. Miss you. You're up late. Or early. Night owl? Vampire. :)
Flirtatious stuff – but after suggestions of more late-night texts and calls John seemed to think better of the relationship, crafting a goodbye text on the bus.
This isn't a good idea. I'm not free. Things won't end well. It was nice to get to know you a little. I'm sorry.
However, the mysterious “E” was waiting for him at a bus stop (below) just as John sent the text, with the pair exchanging a smile that suggested things were still far from over.
Then again, it could be that nothing is as it seems – this is Sherlock, after all. And according to some fans, there could be a very different explanation for John's behaviour…
“At the beginning of the episode, we are shown that Sherlock is very much glued to his phone, and in my opinion, a bit more than usual,” Canadian tumblr user Bienedict posts. “Yes, he has always been very fond of using his phone, but I feel like they made a big deal at the beginning of the episode about Sherlock being on his phone.”
After analysing the interactions between John and E a little more, they continue: “We are made to BELIEVE that it is ‘E' he is texting, BUT it is never outright SAID to us.
“‘I miss you' ‘It's been too long' etc etc these texts are vague on PURPOSE.
“These are things that could just as easily been said between Sherlock and John. And going back to what I touched base on earlier about us being shown how much Sherlock has been using his phone lately, I am then leaded to believe that John must be texting Sherlock.”
Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock on the phone...
The post goes on to suggest that the only TRUE text to “E” is the very last one John sends, and that all the rest were from Sherlock in a slightly more romantic mood than usual. It is tumblr, after all.
But what's the real truth? Was this text a secret chat between Holmes and Watson, as tumblr thinks? The ever-vigilant Sherlock posing as "E" on the phone to distract Watson from committing a real affair (he did say he deletes all John's texts, which would eliminate the evidence)?
Or was it a non-romantic interaction that was actually referring to John's relationship with Sherlock when he said “I'm not free”? Or an evil plan by next week's big villain Culverton Smith (who can be briefly seen on a poster behind "E", suggesting a link) to get closer to Sherlock?
Or did John just actually do an awful thing and betray his wife, emotionally even if the new relationship wasn't consummated, leaving him with an enormous sense of guilt that he's taking out on Sherlock?
Sadly, this is one mystery Holmes can't solve for us, and as we're not detectives ourselves we'll have to hold on for the answers. Hopefully they won't keep us waiting for too long…
Sherlock continues on BBC1 next Sunday (8th January) at 9.00pm
Sheffield helps launch parliamentary inquiry into sustainable future for international students in the UK
University of Sheffield's President and Vice-Chancellor gives evidence to All Party Parliamentary Group for International Students inquiry
Sir Keith gave evidence of the fundamental connection between international students and the UK's ability to continue to thrive in areas such as science and innovation
University of Sheffield President and Vice-Chancellor Professor Sir Keith Burnett gave evidence to a new inquiry into the opportunities and challenges in building a sustainable future for international students in the UK.
The University of Sheffield, together with its students, founded the nationwide #WeAreInternational campaign, now supported by 200 universities and business organisations, which has long lobbied for a more welcoming environment and visa system for students travelling to the UK from across the world.
The launch of the Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) for International Students Inquiry was held in parliament on 3 July 2018 and was attended by experts from education, business, trade and local communities. The APPG will also host two oral evidence sessions in July and September to hear more detailed evidence, including from UK and international students. This first-ever inquiry for the APPG will run throughout the summer, reporting in October.
The inquiry will focus on:
the impact of international students on the educational experience of international students, including building a global perspective across teaching and learning;
international students and local communities;
international students and regional benefits, including economic investment, cultural vibrancy, entrepreneurship and skills;
research, trade and soft power.
Sir Keith gave evidence of the fundamental connection between international students and the UK's ability to continue to thrive in areas such as science and innovation.
He said: “UK research and innovation is underpinned by international students who bring talent, capacity and investment. There are very few research groups in vital areas of medicine and for the UK's future as an economy dependent on innovation which don't include talented international postgraduates or young researchers who first came to the UK as students.
"Simply put, Britain's industrial strategy itself leans heavily on universities and will not thrive unless we as a nation ensure we have the policies and practices which welcome international students and staff in a globally competitive environment. Universities are doing their best to welcome these students in every way they can, but we need the government to move on key issues to be globally competitive, especially in light of Brexit. Without urgently needed measures on post-study work, home students, communities, regions and the UK economy will all suffer."
He also noted the wide ranging economic, educational and social benefits of international students, as well as the positive impact of students on the NHS through placements of medical and dentistry students.
Coordination of the University of Sheffield's response to the APPG will be led by Director of Public Affairs, Ruth Arnold, who will work with supporters of the #WeAreInternational campaign across the UK to provide evidence to this far-reaching inquiry.
“The APPG offers a unique opportunity for universities, students, businesses, schools and colleges to come together and express to the government just how crucial international students are to the UK and to our own areas of expertise,” she said.
“We are proud to already be working closely with organisations such as UUK International, the British Council and the NUS, as well as business organisations, but the APPG takes this lobbying further at a time when there is a cross-party consensus that we urgently need change on this issue.”
Written evidence will be submitted to the APPG from 3 July to 3 September 2018. The inquiry will then host two oral evidence sessions on 17 July and 11 September and report in October 2018.
Additional information There are over 500,000 international students in primary, secondary and tertiary education, and over 580,000 students learning English, each year in the UK. Sheffield is the constituency in the UK with proportionately the highest economic benefit from international students in the UK The University of Sheffield With almost 29,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2018 and for the last eight years has been ranked in the top five UK universities for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that time of year when we're all desperate to earn as many extra pennies as we can.
But whether you're looking for a brand-new career or a way to make a little bit of extra cash, these job opportunities in Chester are well worth a look...
Guest experience supervisor at Chester Zoo
The zoo is looking for a guest experience supervisor who can work across a range of experiences including admissions, monorail and boat rides.
The role includes supporting the guest service management team to drive and deliver the best customer experience.
Lucky candidates need previous supervisory experience within a fast paced, customer-focused environment, experience managing a large team and a ‘can do' attitude.
Previous experience working in a visitor attraction environment would be an advantage.
Find out more about this job by clicking here.
Looking for more local jobs? Try Fish4Jobs
Domino's Pizza delivery driver
The Saltney-based position is ideal for someone who loves driving and is looking for a 'fun, flexible' role enabling you to work in a fast paced team environment.
Full time and part time delivery drivers are wanted for the Saltney store and benefits include staff discount and you get to keep your own tips.
Lifeguard at Total Fitness
Total Fitness is looking to recruit full time and part time lifeguards who are 'keen, self motivated and have a love for life guarding.
The role required a current NPLQ certificate and requires constant supervision of the poolside to look after health and safety of members.
Waiter/waitress at The Chester Grosvenor
'Energetic and motivated' waiting team members are wanted for a full time role at The Grosvenor, and the lucky candidate will ensure the 'seamless' running of the restaurant by providing a cheerful, confident and efficient service to guests.
Enthusiastic individuals are wanted to complement the team in La Brasserie and they must have a passion for giving 'exceptional service and an amazing customer experience'.
Retail assistant at Blue Planet Aquarium
Who wouldn't want to work alongside a backdrop of the Coral reef and tropical rainforest? This leading visitor attraction, which is home to an array of animals in more than 60 naturally themed exhibits from all over the world, is looking for a proactive enthusiastic and approachable person to join its vibrant team.
The lucky candidate's primary objective will be to assist the retail department in driving sales, meeting targets and ensuring visitors have an enjoyable and memorable experience.
Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 01/02/2017 – Starting the Year with a Bang!
Bitcoin price seems unstoppable in its climb as it kicked off 2017 on a strong bullish note with these candlestick formations.
The post Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 01/02/2017 – Starting the Year with a Bang! appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Highlights from the news file for Friday, Feb. 2
——
TRUDEAU DEFENDS PIPELINE AT NANAIMO TOWN HALL: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau got a rough ride at his latest town hall meeting in Nanaimo, B.C., on Friday. The prime minister spoke over jeers as he defended his government's decision to support the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline through the province. Trudeau spoke to an energetic overflow crowd at a university gymnasium, as dozens of protesters carried anti-pipeline placards outside.
——
EXPERTS QUESTION ALBERTA'S THREATS AGAINST B.C.: Energy experts say Alberta Premier Rachel Notley's promise to suspend electricity talks with British Columbia over a pipeline dispute may not carry much weight. Notley made the commitment Thursday in protest of B.C.'s announcement that it would temporarily restrict increases in bitumen shipments, creating more uncertainty for Kinder Morgan's delayed Trans Mountain expansion project. Energy consultant David Gray says the amount of power in question is relatively minor.
——
PUSHING NAFTA TALKS TO 2019 WOULD TRIM GDP: A forecast released Friday predicts that extending NAFTA negotiations into 2019 would prolong uncertainty for the Canadian economy and trim anticipated growth over the next year. Scotiabank estimates that lingering doubts over the fate of the trade deal would shave 0.2 percentage points off of Canada's potential GDP. The bank projects the country would still see modest economic growth of 2.3 per cent on the year.
——
CROWN CONCLUDES CASE AT SASK. FARM TRIAL: The Crown rested its case Friday at the trial of a Saskatchewan farmer accused of murdering a young Indigenous man. Gerald Stanley has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder in the death of 22-year-old Colten Boushie near Biggar, Sask., on Aug. 9, 2016.
——
SIXTIES SCOOP SURVIVORS KNOCK COMPENSATION PLAN: A group representing survivors of the so-called 60s Scoop says the federal government's proposed $800-million settlement doesn't go far enough. The National Indigenous Survivors of Child Welfare Network says the government failed to adequately consult those who experienced the forced adoptions. The network plans to hold rallies across the country to demand fair and inclusive compensation.
——
WHAT THE TRUMP-RUSSIA ‘MEMO' SAYS: U.S. President Donald Trump's allies predicted that a secret memo released Friday would set off a bombshell, exploding the entire foundation of the Russia investigation. That's not quite how it played out, at least in the initial hours after the memo's release. The just-declassified document alleges that a key source in the Russia affair hated Trump, and that federal officials central to the probe played fast and loose with surveillance protocols. Trump said Friday that “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
——
THREE DEAD AFTER QUE. HELICOPTER CRASH: Quebec provincial police say all three people on board were killed when a four-seater helicopter crashed near Drummondville. It happened around 9 p.m. just north of the city about 110 kilometres northeast of Montreal. The victims, two women and a man, have not yet been identified. Police say the helicopter caught fire after a violent impact along the banks of the Saint-Francois River, in the city's Saint-Joachim-de-Courval district.
——
SERIOUS INJURIES AFTER CRASH BETWEEN BUS, VAN: Eight people were seriously or critically injured in a crash between a bus carrying school children and a passenger van in southern Ontario. Paramedics say all of the injured were in the van, and they were being assessed at a local hospital. Ontario Provincial Police say the vehicles collided head-on Friday afternoon on a highway north of Stayner, Ont., and there are reports it was snowing in the area at the time.
——
HALIFAX COUNCILLOR DEFENDS RE-TWEET: A Halifax city councillor under fire for re-tweeting a self-described “ethno-nationalist” group has dismissed criticisms, saying the attacks against him are “political.” Matt Whitman tweeted Friday that he won't tolerate racism, and he accused the media of being “reckless again” in its coverage. On Thursday, Whitman re-tweeted a letter to Mayor Mike Savage from ID Canada, a group created as “a response to Canada's decaying identity, increased third-world immigration and the prevalence of anti-European sentiments.”
——
STUDY FINDS SPECIES AT RISK ACT IS FAILING: Researchers say inadequate funding and poor collaboration between governments and private landowners are behind the failure of Canada's laws to protect endangered and threatened species. A think tank at the University of Ottawa released a report Friday looking into the failures of and possible improvements to the federal Species At Risk Act, passed 16 years ago. The study found that of the 521 species listed in the legislation, 85 per cent have seen no improvement or have even deteriorated.
——
HackensackUMC Announces First Baby Born in 2017 by
Monday, January 02 2017 @ 09:11 AM EST
Posted in News & Views
Milan Evee Belle Swensen made her debut weighing in at 6 lbs and 19 ½ inches to parents, Dana and Kyle Swensen of Midland Park. Big brothers Jalen, 6, and Kamden, 18 months, were excited to meet their new sister who was born shortly after ringing in the New Year. Adam Shoman, M.D. of Hackensack delivered the baby, the first born in Bergen County and first baby girl in New Jersey in 2017.
“The whole experience was so surreal. I was pushing as the ball began to drop and then she was here. This was the best New Year's Eve ever.” said Dana.
“She was actually due on January 10, but when we realized that we were going to have a New Year's baby, we added in ‘Evee Belle' to her name since we rang in 2017 when she was being born,” said Kyle.
Baby Milan was born at the Donna A. Sanzari Women's Hospital at HackensackUMC. The hospital has the largest volume of deliveries as a single institution in the tristate area, with more than 6,300 births per year.
Photo caption: Top: Milan Evee Belle Swensen was born at 12:04 a.m. on January 1, 2017 at HackensackUMC. From left to right: Milan Evee Belle Swensen, Dana Swensen, Kamden Swensen, Kyle Swensen, and Jalen Swensen.
About Hackensack University Medical Center
HackensackUMC, a 775-bed nonprofit teaching and research hospital located in Bergen County, NJ, is the largest provider of inpatient and outpatient services in the state. Founded in 1888 as the county's first hospital, it is a member of Hackensack Meridian Health, one of the largest networks in the state comprised of 28,000 team members and more than 6,000 physicians. HackensackUMC was listed as the number one hospital in New Jersey in U.S. News & World Report's 2016-17 Best Hospital rankings - maintaining its place atop the NJ rankings since the rating system was introduced. It was also named one of the top four New York Metro Area hospitals. HackensackUMC is one of only five major academic medical centers in the nation to receive Healthgrades America's 50 Best Hospitals Award for five or more years in a row. The medical center is one of the top 25 green hospitals in the country according to Practice Greenhealth, and received 24 Gold Seals of Approval™ by The Joint Commission – more than any other hospital in the country. It was the first hospital in New Jersey and second in the nation to become a Magnet® recognized hospital for nursing excellence; receiving its fifth consecutive designation in 2014. HackensackUMC has created an entire campus of award-winning care, including: the John Theurer Cancer Center; the Heart & Vascular Hospital; and the Sarkis and Siran Gabrellian Women's and Children's Pavilion, which houses the Joseph M. Sanzari Children's Hospital and Donna A. Sanzari Women's Hospital, which was designed with The Deirdre Imus Environmental Health Center and listed on the Green Guide's list of Top 10 Green Hospitals in the U.S. HackensackUMC is the Hometown Hospital of the New York Giants and the New York Red Bulls and is Official Medical Services Provider to The Barclays PGA Golf Tournament. It remains committed to its community through fundraising and community events. To learn more, visit www.HackensackUMC.org.
Advertisement
DUANVALE, Jamaica — Violet Brown spent much of her life cutting sugarcane in the fields around her home in western Jamaica. She attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated her 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, she is believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press she is surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in her home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says she was born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said he has met Brown and examined her birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of her birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokeswoman Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home she shares with her 97-year-old son. She is able to sit up by herself and walk short distances. And while she is hard of hearing, she offered swift, complete responses to questions about her life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, she said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” she said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
She also credited her Christian faith for her long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” she said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, she said.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Ferrari is expected to overhaul several areas of its Formula 1 car for 2017 in a bid to bounce back from a winless campaign last year.
While some of the changes to the car - including on the aerodynamic side - will be forced by the major alterations to the F1 regulations for this year, the revised technical team at Maranello has also targeted several areas under the skin of the car - codenamed 668 - that can be heavily changed for the new season.
Ferrari's 062/2 power unit will feature an internal combustion engine aimed at making better use of the MGU-H, which should increase the efficiency of the hybrid systems and reduce the risk of turbocharger unreliability.
In the combustion chamber, a significant switch to a new multi-jet ignition system is believed to be under consideration, as part of Ferrari's growing relationship with the Mahle technology company.
Revisions to the gearbox are anticipated too, with Ferrari moving back to a more conventional solution aimed at improving traction after its 2016 concept of mounting the rear suspension between the differential and the gearbox proved troublesome at times.
It is also expected to follow a similar front suspension layout to that used by Mercedes.
The team is thought likely to increase its wheelbase by 200mm and set the engine slightly futher back in the car, although this is partly forced by regulation changes that require a 105kg fuel tank compared to 100kg last year.
While there has also been talk of 'unusual' shapes for 2017 appearing in Ferrari's windtunnel, the team has remained tight-lipped about rumours that its car will feature some surprises.
It is also understood that Ferrari could ditch the additional white part of its livery that returned for 2016, with some staff members believing the design is associated with too many bad times in the Italian team's history.
Two of its most recent winless seasons - 2016 and 1993 - both came with a livery featuring more white than usual on the cars.
Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are "not out of the woods" yet.
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.
Capt. Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.
Other family members and first responders are being treated.
By BECKY GILLETTE
When women get paid considerably less than men for doing the same work, it can amount to “daylight robbery on the job,” said Cassandra Overton-Welchlin, director of the Mississippi Women Economic Security Initiative, a project of the Mississippi Low Income Childcare Initiative.
Those lower wages can be especially difficult for mothers because of child care costs. And it can cause considerable stress for single mothers struggling to pay for rent, utilities, food and health care.
“Employers recognize that women have a good work ethic and are reliable about showing up for work, but they need support systems in order to do that,” Overton-Welchlin said. “To be economically secure, women need access to higher wages.”
» READ MORE: Pay equity is the law, but wage gap between men and women still exists
Mississippi and Alabama are the only two states in the country without an equal pay law. And that is significant in light of the fact that in Mississippi, the pay gap between men and women for the same work is even greater than the national average. Women earn 82 cents compared a dollar to men nationally, while it is 75 cents for women compared to a dollar for men in Mississippi.
“For a black woman, it is even less than that,” said Overton-Welchlin said. “One thing we did this past legislative session is start pushing for an equal pay bill. We have partners on both the Democratic and Republican sides. One of the things we know is Mississippi lacks policies that assure equal pay for comparable work. That can allow intentional gender-based discrimination. We are pushing for a bill requiring equal pay for comparable work.”
The bill would also require that both women and men be allowed access to merit based pay increases, and it would prohibit pay secrecy policies.
“At some workplaces, employees cannot discuss what they make,” Overton-Welchin said. “If employees could discuss what they're making without the threat of being fired, it would be a significant win for women in the state of Mississippi.”
Overton-Welchlin said while there are some federal guidelines, Mississippi could do a whole lot more to protect workers on the state level.
“If other states have equal pay laws, why can't we have that too?” she asks. “We need to do this if we are serious about raising the floor so women can also have access to better wages. To accomplish this, we formed a bipartisan coalition in the past session, Both Republicans and Democrats see this is not a partisan issue. Lynn Fitch, state treasurer, is part of that coalition as is the chair of the legislative black caucus, Sonya Williams-Barnes of Gulfport.”
There can be success when employers recognize the problem and make the commitment to address it. A case in point is the City of Clinton. Overton-Welchlin said men are paid more than women in Hinds and Madison Counties, and the cities of Madison and Jackson.
“However, Mayor Phil Fisher of Clinton did a salary study that led them to leveling the playing field,” Overton-Welchlin said.
For more information on Mississippi Women's Economic Security Initiative, see the website http://mswomensecure.org/.
Feeling uninspired by your on demand movie selection? Don't be. Sometimes Netflix's recommendations are a little lacklustre, but there are plenty of brilliant cult favourites and award-winning movies starring Hollywood's great and good hidden on there.
This Oscar-winning tearjerker tells the real-life story of the ill-fated RMS Titanic - as well as the now iconic love affair between young aristocrat Rose (Kate Winslet) and happy-go-lucky artist Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio.)
Read our full review
A star-studded Wes Anderson flick. Grand Budapest Hotel is a story within a story within a story, following the hotel's concierge Monsieur Gustave H (Ralph Fiennes) who teams up with Zero, his lobby boy, to prove his innocence after he is sensationally framed for murder.
Read our full review
Julianne Moore won the best actress Oscar for her moving and powerful performance in this 2014 movie. She stars as Alice, a 50-year-old linguistics professor who is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease.
Read our full review
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Karen Gillan star in this sci-fi space movie. Pratt plays space adventurer Peter Quill, aka StarLord, who finds himself followed by relentless bounty hunters after he steals an orb coveted by a powerful villain.
Read our full review
The true story of Wild West outlaws Butch Cassidy (Paul Newman), and his partner Harry Longabaugh, the Sundance Kid (Robert Redford), who are on the run after a string of train robberies.
Read our full review
An accident connects four groups of people on three different continents in this Oscar-winning movie directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu. Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett star.
Read our full review
Nominated for seven Oscars in 1994, this movie tells the story of Andy Dufresne (Tim Robbins), a banker who is sentenced to life in Shawshank State Penitentiary for the murder of his wife and her lover, despite his claims of innocence.
Read our full review
Bel Powley is 15-year-old aspiring cartoonist Minnie living in the 1970s San Francisco, who embarks on an enthusiastic sexual journey. The coming-of-age movie also stars Kristen Wiig and Alexander Skarsgård.
Read our full review
Tom Hooper directs this Oscar-winning film about King George VI's struggle with a stammer. Colin Firth plays the monarch who strikes up a friendship with speech therapist Lionel Logue, played by Geoffrey Rush.
Read our full review
Reese Witherspoon is Elle Woods, the perky, pretty-in-pink sorority girl whose life would be perfect if only her boyfriend would propose. He, though, wants someone more serious, so Elle gets out to pass Harvard law in an attempt to prove blondes can have fun and win murder trials.
Read our full review
Both the Federal and Provincial Finance Ministers will meet with Toronto Mayor John Tory Tuesday, to discuss ways to cool down the hot housing market in the GTA. Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa wants to crack down on investors who may be hurting the market and has also alluded to other measures that may be included in the provincial budget at the end of this month.
An assignment clause allows the buyer of a home to sell the place before they take possession of it. This is more common in the sale of pre-built homes and condos. It can be very lucrative for investors, as many scoop up pre-built homes for just a deposit and sell them to a else for much more than they paid. President of Marz Homes, Dan Gabriel says not all builders allow assignment clauses.
“We feel that its part of our corporate philosophy to build houses for people that will move into them.”
Remax realtor Tobias Smulder says investors are part of the problem when it comes to the hot housing market in the province and the provincial government should put in place some measures to deter real estate speculators. Smulder says many builders are putting a price on an assignment clause, some as high as $20 000.
Both Gabriel and Smulder agree that the shortage of houses and a pending increase in interest rates are more significant. In addition to speculators, Charles Sousa has also alluded to implementing a tax on foreign buyers and vacant homes.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Tikka M695 270 I have a tikka m695 270 laminated stock and stainless barrel.Has Nikon 3-9x40 bdc scope. Gun it in new condition. Asking 900 or make offer. Will pay for shipping if sold for right price if not buyer pays shipping.
One of the most exciting things to do in this great state is viewing all of the breathtaking mountains and wildlife that are all around us.
For many, including myself, photography is a way for outdoor enthusiasts to enjoy all this state has. No matter what time of the year it is, there is always a great opportunity for that perfect photograph. A majority of the time you don't even have to leave town.
Wildlife photography provides a great way outdoor enthusiasts to be outdoors learning the movements of wildlife herds and just being disconnected from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. So the next time you are looking for something to do, grab the camera, load up the truck, and head into the vast wilderness that is our state. Just remember to stay safe and dress for the weather. Always plan ahead.
“I'm Tyler Mann, and I'll see you on the trail.”
Shutterstock
It's the holiday season again, which means it's time to fret over finding the right gifts for the friends and loved ones in your life. But if they're into movies or television, don't fret: we've got some first-class ideas for you right here, from books to novelties to… hairspray? For some cool suggestions, keep reading.
SOMETHING THAT WILL TAKE ALL OF THE NEXT YEAR TO WATCH
Criterion
100 Years Of Olympic Films: 1912 – 2012 (Criterion)
There are ordinary box sets and then there are box sets that double as mammoth archival projects. Criterion's 100 Years Of Olympic Films meets the second definition, including movies that capture Olympic games from the 1912 Stockholm Olympics to the London games of 2012. There's a long history of films tied to the Olympics, and the 32-Blu-ray (or 43-DVD set) includes everything from movies that became famous apart from the games — Kon Ichikawa's Tokyo Olympiad, Leni Riefenstahl's Olympia — to more obscure offerings like O, Sport, You Are Peace!, which overs the U.S.-boycotted 1980 Moscow Olympics. It's a lot! But a century of history ought to be a lot. — Keith Phipps
WEIRD SIGNED STUFF
One of my favorite things to do to is scanned through eBay and other auction-type sites for weird memorabilia. I've never actually purchased any of it, I just like imagining people's faces when I show them, like, a handkerchief used by Ross on Friends, signed by David Schwimmer. “But why?” people will wonder, concern washing over their faces. Well, for exactly that reason. Here are some options in that category, should you so desire:
ERIK ESTRADA “PONCH” + LARRY WILCOX “JON” CHiPs Signed Aviator Sunglasses: I love that they wrote over the lenses so you can't even put the glasses on.
ebay
Photo of Pete Campbell from Mad Men, signed by Vincent Kartheiser: The key here is to have no other Mad Men memorabilia in your house. Just a signed photo of Pete Campbell. Framed. People will be so confused.
hollywoodmemorabilia.com
Photo of Wynn Duffy from Justified, signed by Jere Burns: Whoops, this one is from my own personal list, too.
ebay
Mad Men sock garters worn by Roger Sterling: Sure. — Brian Grubb
A GREAT MOVIE THAT MAYBE DIDN'T NEED TRADING CARDS BUT, SURE, WHATEVER
Paramount
The Godfather Collection: Omerta Edition (Paramount)
The Godfather films have been repackaged and re-released many times over the years, from the VHS era to present. This new version doesn't offer much beyond the “Coppola Restoration” edition that appeared a few years ago (beyond some trading cards). But if you don't own these movies, there are some compelling reasons to pick up this set:
• They're the Godfather movies. They're great. (Well, the first two are great and the third one is kind of fascinating, but you can just consider that an added bonus disc.)
• The restored versions overseen by Francis Ford Coppola were kind of a big deal, making these movies look better than they'd looked since they first ran in theaters.
• It's the holidays and there are only so many specials and sporting events that will make everyone happy once the kids are in bed. The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II never disappoint. And the films' running time assures hours of uninterrupted, mutually agreed upon movie greatness.
• Trading cards! — KP
OLD FAVORITES ON BLU-RAY AND DVD
HBO
While many TV fanatics have embraced the shift from physical media to streaming, sometimes a real, actual DVD or Blu-ray still works best. There's something more permanent about it, and it signifies a deeper level of fandom.(Also, some shows aren't on any streaming platform right now, which is a little infuriating, in a “yes, I know I have thousands of shows at the tip of my finger in a way that would have been considered sorcery not even 20 years ago, but still” kind of way.) If the person you're shopping for is that kind of fan, consider these:
The Sopranos: The Complete Series (HBO): Still great. Not getting any worse, either.
Columbo: The Complete Series (Universal): Okay, maybe this one is just a suggestion for me.
Looney Tunes: The Golden And Platinum Collections (Warner Bros): If you ever find yourself feeling “too old” to enjoy Bugs Bunny cartoons, please re-evaluate all the decisions you've made. All of them. There are several home video incarnations, but the best are the Golden (for DVD) and Platinum (for Blu-ray) sets that compile a bunch of shorts and bonus features together (albeit sometimes confusingly). A more recent collection, Porky Pig 101, takes a different approach, throwing 101 (!) Porky shorts together in a five-disc set. — BG
Retired Lieutenant-General Roméo Dallaire was blunt in his assessment.
“I wouldn't touch Mali with a 10-foot pole,” he told me in fall 2016 after returning from a fact-finding trip to Africa with Defence Minister, Harjit Sajjan.
Yet, fully armed with the facts, Sajjan announced Monday that Mali is indeed where Canadian Forces will be heading, nearly two years after Chief of the Defence Staff Gen. Jonathan Vance said a deployment to Africa would happen “very soon.” Maybe they were hoping peace would break out in the interim.
Even with all that planning time, they couldn't get it right. Sajjan said Canada's “smart pledge” will involve sending two Chinook helicopters and four-armed Griffon helicopters to escort them, as part of its aviation task-force. Vance took the microphone minutes later to say the number of helicopters being assigned is subject to further reconnaissance.
Canada's top soldier may not want to dissect the political motives behind the operation too closely — he might find the deployment is more about image management than national security.
In an interview Monday Dallaire said he is more comfortable with the idea of the Canadian Forces playing a support role than putting peacekeepers on the ground. “To me, this is the first step into a new generation of peacekeeping in Africa — a support role that is absolutely essential, helicopters that will be force-multipliers. So it is a useful engagement,” he said.
But his initial reticence is understandable. Mali is the most dangerous UN mission in the world. One hundred and sixty two blue helmets have died and, according to a former UN assistant secretary general, 80 per cent of the force's resources are spent on self-protection from northern separatists and Islamic extremists.
“The United Nations in Mali is day-to-day marching into its first quagmire,” Anthony Banbury wrote two years ago in the New York Times.
The most recent report by Jean-Pierre Lacroix, the UN's under-secretary general for peacekeeping, was scarcely more optimistic. “We are facing increased insecurity,” Lacroix told the UN, characterized by worsening human rights, food insecurity and daring attacks on mission forces, mainly from Burkina Faso, Bangladesh, Chad and Senegal.
Dallaire's preference was a mission to the Central African Republic, where there are at least the foundations of peace on which to build. It's not clear why CAR was rejected in favour of Mali — beyond the appeal by allies like Germany and the Netherlands, which have provided helicopters in the past.
But this is a decision that has ominous implications, not only for the men and women being deployed but also for the political fortunes of the Liberal government that is sending them.
The plan fails to articulate how the deployment to West Africa is in the national interest, Conservative defence critic James Bezan said Monday. There is a case to be made that the Mali commitment is being made to combat international jihadism, but Sajjan and Freeland didn't make it during their press conference. “It's actually about Justin Trudeau's selfish political ambition to win a seat at the UN security council,” said Bezan. “He's using our troops as pawns in his own political game.”
Of course, Bezan would say that. Many will dismiss his comments as a typical partisan smear. Except, there is more than a crumb of truth to them.
Winning the security council seat, after the Conservatives failed to do so, has been a foreign policy priority for the Trudeau government — a sign that “Canada is back.” A one-year commitment by Canada is not likely to make an appreciable difference to the broader mission but it does fulfil a Liberal electoral promise and improves the prospects of winning the seat.
Global Affairs minister Chrystia Freeland, downplayed the grubby brokerage aspect of the announcement, pointing out that Canada believes strongly in an international rules-based order that requires confronting instability and conflict around the world. “We are very aware of the complexity and the difficulty of the situation (in Mali),” she said.
But for a government that proclaims itself prepared, the plan has the back-of-an-envelope feel to it.
“In the coming days, the government will register its pledge with the UN and the Canadian Armed Forces will begin their planning process,” the official release said.
In addition, there remain many unanswered questions that should be tackled by ministers in a debate in the House of Commons, followed by a vote. What are the rules of engagement for Canadians flying into a war-zone? Could the mission be extended beyond 12 months? What is the chain of command? Is this just the first phase of a number of deployments?
The number of personnel being sent to Mali was not released Monday but Canada has committed to 600 peacekeepers and 150 police to UN missions. It is Dallaire's distinct impression that further forces will be deployed elsewhere in Africa over time.
The cause is noble, no doubt. But it is risky for peacekeepers and politicians alike. The Dutch defence minister was forced to resign last October, after two troops died in a training exercise.
Freeland said that, as a candidate in 2015, she heard at the doors of her constituency that Canadians were enthusiastic about a mission.
But such testimony should be taken lightly. For one, her Toronto riding encompasses the bleeding hearts of Rosedale and the Annex (in favour, as long as someone else is doing the bleeding); for another, that was two-and-a-half years ago, when the Liberals were considerably more popular than they are now.
In sum, Trudeau's government has dithered for two years before agreeing to send Canadian Forces into the most dangerous UN combat mission in the world.
If it goes badly, blandishments about “the international rules-based order” will get less purchase than allegations about “Trudeau's selfish political ambition.”
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Green Cash, Carbon Tax: What To Expect at Macron's Climate Summit
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting an international summit Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement, hoping to inject the pact with new energy after President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would withdraw from it.
The accord reached two years ago set goals for slowing the rate of climate change by reducing the emissions that contribute to melting Arctic ice, increasing sea levels and changing weather patterns across the globe.
While some critics have questioned whether the summit will accomplish more than drawing attention to France's media-savvy president, celebrities, corporations, environmental groups and others are preparing to make a string of announcements there.
The issues expected to come up at the event range from research to corporate pledges.
Green Cash
Poor countries are waiting to hear how the United Nations' goal of raising $100 billion dollars for climate-related measures will be achieved by 2020.
The target was set in 2009, but commitments so far from rich nations only will cover about two-thirds of the fund.
The money is intended to help developing countries invest in green energy projects and avoid the path taken by wealthy countries decades earlier that saw massive growth in the use of fossil fuels.
Scientists say ending fossil fuel use, also known as 'decarbonization,' needs to happen worldwide by 2050, but poor countries only would be able to reach the goal with financial help.
Climate campaigner Mohamed Adow of the group Christian Aid says one important step would be for the World Bank, which is co-hosting Tuesday's meeting, to switch its investments from fossil fuels to renewable energy in developing countries.
Corporate Commitment
Dozens of companies have signed a joint call for governments to maintain momentum on implementing the Paris accord and set long-term strategies for cutting carbon emissions.
The companies -- including insurer Allianz, tire maker Michelin and consumer goods giant Unilever -- said Monday they are committed to a greener economy that includes imposing levies on carbon emissions.
Allianz CEO Oliver Baete said in the statement that "business requires stable regulatory frameworks and an adequate price on carbon."
Financial institutions such as Allianz also want greater transparency on climate-related data to help them make sound investment decisions, Baete said.
New Research
The Paris summit takes place while the American Geophysical Union is holding its fall meeting in New Orleans.
Scientists are expected to present new research on climate changes and ways to keep global temperatures from rising beyond 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 F.)
Separately, Microsoft says it will let researchers use its artificial intelligence technology to monitor and model the planet's climate.
The technology giant says its commitment -- worth about $10 million a year -- could also help companies use vast amounts of data to reduce carbon emissions, by reducing waste, making power grids more efficient and improving weather predictions.
Star Scientists
Macron has invited U.S.-based climate scientists to apply for generous grants and relocate to France, a direct response to Trump's rejection of the Paris accord.
The French president was announcing the first grant winners on Monday. Overall, the French government and research institutions plan to fund about 50 projects with 60 million euros ($70 million)
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks.
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media “working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!”
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea.
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition.
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children.
HIGH POINT, N.C. — Cliff Thomas Jr. scored 16 points and led a 68-point effort by the High Point bench as the Panthers celebrated the holidays by pummeling Division II Toccoa Falls College, 110-39 on Sunday.
High Point, playing its final home game of 2017, handed out cookies, hot chocolate and holiday ornaments to everyone in attendance — all the while surrendering points like the miserly, pre-visitation Scrooge.
Sam Berlin paced the High Point starting five with 12 points and as many rebounds, but it was the bench that carried the load. Thomas was 8 of 9 from the field. Jamal Wright was 8 for 8 from the line and finished with 15 points and Dexter Gooding added 14 points and grabbed a half-dozen rebounds. The Panthers (4-5) collectively shot 65 per cent from the field (45 of 69).
The winless Eagles were led by the 20 points of Kevin Cave.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Intentional or not, it was a little suggestive for Liam Gallagher to release his first ever solo album in the same week Oasis' landmark album (What's the Story) Morning Glory celebrated its 22nd birthday. Even the most dedicated fans of Britrock's preeminent feuding brothers acknowledged long ago that they won't again touch their all-time anthemic heights. And yet lately Liam, 45, feels more ubiquitous than ever. In the past year, he became more famous for withering madcap insults (potato!) than for singing rock songs, attention that drove him to remind us he was still a rock singer. By his own admission, the purpose of making As You Were been to keep him occupied, “rather than sitting at home doing nothing, spouting off on Twitter.”
The final result is an agreeable enough listen, if not as proper fuckin' mega as its creator would probably like you to think. Having finally decided to own up to his limited songwriting abilities, Gallagher enlisted help, most significantly from pop writer/producer Greg Kurstin and Andrew Wyatt of Miike Snow. (Had Noel been the one to hire Adele's producer you can bet Liam would've never let him live it down, though in a year when Kurstin worked with Foo Fighters and Mark Ronson with Queens of the Stone Age, it hardly seems anomalous.) Whether because of the level or the quantity of professionalism, the sound comes through so clean it begins to feel a little stale.
Contrary to popular belief, Gallagher can write a whole song. “Greedy Soul” is the best of the five tracks registered in his name alone, but unsurprisingly he's better off with help. “Wall of Glass,” a team effort, is the only song to successfully reverse-engineering both halves of Oasis' magic: brash melodic staying power and brilliantly inane lyrical essence. “And the stone you throw / Will turn back in its path” doesn't defy gravity and momentum quite the same way as, “Slowly walking down the hall / Faster than a cannonball,” but the suggestion is there. The pros came up with “Chinatown,” a song that manages to be genuinely cryptic without breaking character, and “Paper Crown,” the sort of faithful midtempo Beatles homage that was the bread, butter, and cheese of old Oasis albums. Of course, the greatest favor Gallagher's co-writers did him was to accommodate his current vocal range—though he dutifully plays the hits when performing live, they sound a lot more ragged than they used to.
As You Were runs into trouble where it begins to resemble the give-me-one-of-everything pastiche that beset Beady Eye, the group Liam formed with his remaining bandmates after a 2009 falling-out with Noel torpedoed Oasis. The repetitive, top-heavy “I Get By”—a song that rhymes “helter skelter” with “gimme shelter”—is all bark and no bite. Without an equally ego-driven guitarist to offset him, Liam's vocals take constant precedence. “When I'm in Need” turns to an extended instrumental only when it can't possibly sustain another chorus.
The standard album runs 12 songs, but unless you're listening on vinyl, you're more likely to encounter the 15-track deluxe edition. It's apparent why the final songs were cut: “Doesn't Have to Be That Way” feels like a rough Tame Impala demo, while on “I Never Wanna Be Like You,” Gallager croons, “God squad, peace thought / Supermoons / Fanboys, make noise / Boogaloo,” a string of nonsense presumably harvested from a spam email. At least it doesn't get worse than a gripe about selfie-takers on “All My People / All Mankind,” a weak ditty whose grandiose title and orchestral arrangement render it kind of pathetic.
It's tempting to imagine how this album might have been improved, either with a keener eye to rock radio or even just some heavier distortion to blur the boring parts. But isn't that beside the point? As You Were is a vehicle with which to perpetuate capital-LG Liam Gallagher as he ages, John Lydon-like, into his legacy. Imagine if he'd tried to drop the rock star posture and revive himself as a serious, “adult” singer-songwriter type—unbearable. This is the Liam Gallagher you remember, still willfully pilfering lines and chord progressions, still publicly taking shots at his brother, still closing sets with “Wonderwall.” The only real shock is that, in 2017, I'm not convinced Noel can do better.
APC expels NEMA Director-General, Mustapha Maihaja
The newly appointed Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Alhaji Mustapha Yunusa Maihaja, has been expelled by the Progressives Congress (APC) in Yobe State. The is contained in a statemen​t​ on Wednesday by the state secretary of the party, Alhaji Abubakar Bakabe, in Damaturu. ​It explained that ​Yobe State Executive Council expelled […]
APC expels NEMA Director-General, Mustapha Maihaja
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Community Policing To Complement Role Of Security Agencies
The Lagos State governor, Mr Akinwumi Ambode, recently inaugurated the Lagos Neighbourhood Safety Corps to complement the efforts of the Nigeria Police in securing the nooks and cranny of the state. The inauguration of the corps followed the signing into law of an executive bill in August 2016 for its establishment. The governor at the inauguration described the Lagos Neighbourhood Safety Corps as a child of necessity, following rising insecurity in the state and the need for intelligence gathering as one way of preventing crime and facilitating arrest of perpetrators. The governor emphasised that the creation of the corps arose from the identified security challenges confronting the state due to its large population. He made it clear that the corps was not in any way created to be in competition with the regular police but expected to, in actual fact, assist and complement the police in performing their role.
We agree with the governor that Lagos State, because of its population as he rightly asserted, has witnessed increase in crime rate, with kidnapping becoming a disturbing issue lately. The setting up of the Neighbourhood Safety Corps is, therefore, the government's response and contribution towards ensuring that the deteriorating security situation is brought under control.
To prepare the corps for effective service delivery, its members after their recruitment were trained and equipped with 177 cars equipped with communication gadgets, 377 motorcycles and 4,000 bicycles to aid their operation. The governor also noted that through the safety corps initiative, over 7,000 jobs had been created and that in addition to orthodox community policing, officers of the corps had been given requisite training on dispute mediation and the art of negotiating for peaceful resolution, balancing communal interest in resolving disputes and proactive, rather than reactive policing engagement.
In our view, an arrangement such as this will create a second layer of policing in the state and elsewhere in the country if replicated. While the Lagos governor admitted that his state was faced with security challenges, the case of Lagos is not isolated as nearly every state in the country is faced with one form of insecurity or the other, with attendant consequences on the populace. Benue State for instance has been in the news lately over cases of random shootings and killings, the latest being the killing of four persons by yet-to-be identified gunmen in Abaji area of the state. The attack happened a few weeks after several persons were killed in similar fashion in Zaki Biam town. In parts of the north, the issue of cattle rustling has become a huge challenge while clashes between farmers and herdsmen have continually threatened the peace in various parts of the country, this is in addition to inter-ethnic clashes as witnessed between the Hausas and Yorubas in Ile Ife, recently.
All these underscore the need for governors, as chief security officers of their states, to begin to think of ways of ensuring maximum security of life and property of the people in their states and we believe one way to go about this is the Lagos way.
Already, the civilian joint task force exists in the insurgency ravaged North-east part of the country and the contributions of the JTF in assisting the police and military to achieve the successes recorded in that part of the country cannot be understated. We are of the view that with intelligence gathering, which is one role that can be played by such corps at the community levels, the level of insecurity across the country could be greatly reduced, especially if the intelligence gathered is acted on. But beyond assisting the conventional government security outfits in ensuring effective policing, creation of such corps will absorb the army of unemployed youths in the country who can be gainfully employed after requisite training.
In setting up similar corps, governors must, however, be wary of those they enlist to ensure that criminal-minded people do not infiltrate and destroy it from within. The temptation to turn these corps into militia for the use of politicians against the opposition and other perceived enemies must also be resisted by all means. Such corps when established, must have their roles clearly spelt out, which will be to complement and not compete with existing security structures.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MUSIC: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle)
Yung6ix stuns with a new freestyle which was reportedly recorded in one take titled “Real Quick”.
This track surfaces amidst the success of his Korede Bello assisted “Loving You” and “No Favors” with Dice Alies & Mr. Jollof.
This fiery freestyle makes us more excited of Yung6ix's new LP titled “High Star”. Enjoy!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Yung6ix-Real-Quick-Freestyle.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SYDNEY, Australia — Paul Gray, lead singer of the 1980s Australian pop band Wa Wa Née, has died of cancer. He was 54 years old.
His brother and fellow band member Mark Gray said in a statement on Wednesday that Paul Gray died on Tuesday of multiple myeloma.
Wa Wa Née formed in the early 1980s and had an Australian hit with their single, “Stimulation,” in 1986.
The band later charted in the United States with the song “Sugar Free.”
The band's broke up in 1989, but reformed recently in recent years to perform at 1980s revival concerts and to support British group The Human League on their Australian tour last year.
SYDNEY, Australia — Sydney FC extended its unbeaten streak at home to 26 games when it beat last-placed Wellington 4-0 in the 19th round of the A-League.
In front of new Australia coach Bert van Marwijk, Sydney overwhelmed a disorganized Wellington with goals to Alex Brosque, Adrian Mierzejewski, Milos Ninkovic and David Carney.
Van Marwijk was also a spectator as second-placed Newcastle beat the Melbourne Victory 2-0 to stay nine points behind Sydney and seven points ahead of Melbourne City, which plays Brisbane on Sunday.
Newcastle moved closer to securing its first finals berth since 2010.
Adelaide moved clear of the Victory in fourth place with a 2-1 win over Perth.
Applications are now open for the 2018 series of The Great British Bake Off.
If you are brilliant with brioche, marvellous with meringue or super with Sponge, then why not put your baking skills to the test?
Contestants and stars of the Great British Bake Off 2017 SUS-170825-150836001
Producers of the show - which controversially moved to Channel 4 from the BBC ahead of the last series - are looking for a fresh batch of brilliant, amateur bakers to ‘dough' battle and enter the tent for the ninth series of The Great British Bake Off.
Channel 4 confirmed earlier this month that Prue Leith, Paul Hollywood, Noel Fielding and Sandi Toksvig will return to front the show next year.
“If you or someone you know, is ready to sieve the dream,” say the producers, “then why not take a whisk and apply now?”
Deadline for all applications is Sunday 7th January 2018.
You can apply online at www.applyforbakeoff.co.uk, phone 0207 067 4837 or email applyforbakeoff@loveproductions.co.uk
JOHESU warns Nigerians against patronizing govt hospitals
Members of the Joint Health Sector Unions, JOHESU, have warned Nigerians against patronizing government-owned tertiary health institutions. They allege that Chief Executives of these hospitals are recruiting charlatans and quacks to hold out as healthcare professionals to attend to patients. The health workers, at a press conference in Abuja on Tuesday, said they were raising […]
JOHESU warns Nigerians against patronizing govt hospitals
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SURREY, B.C. — Homicide investigators will release an update today into the murder of a 13-year-old Burnaby, B.C., girl whose body was found in a park near her home last summer.
The Integrated Homicide Investigation Team says in a news release that its members have consulted with the RCMP's behavioural sciences group to develop a profile of Marrisa Shen's killer.
The profile suggests the unknown attacker likely lived near Central Park, where Shen's body was found just hours after she was reported missing on July 18, 2017.
Police say the suspect may also have unexpectedly moved from area after the death, uncharacteristically avoided the park, withdrew from social activities, paid close attention to media coverage of the girl's death and changed his or her pattern of drug or alcohol use.
Cpl. Frank Jang says there is still strong public interest in the case and anyone who recognizes the characteristics or behaviours in someone they know should contact police.
The profile is the latest effort to solve the murder after the homicide team launched a website in January containing details of the investigation with all available video clips of Shen's movements before she disappeared.
Congratulations are in order for 18-year-old Islander, Luca Speight, who today (Wednesday) was presented with not one, but two accolades at an Isle of Wight College Awards ceremony.
As well as receiving the ‘Outstanding Achievement Award', Luca was honoured as ‘Isle of Wight College Student of the Year 2018', after displaying a passion and determination to succeed in the face of adversity (details here).
A determination to succeed
At today's awards ceremony the Vice Chair of Corporation praised Luca's hard work, telling the audience gathered how Luca had made sure he caught up with missed work, after being away for three months due to illness, and pointing out that despite this, he was ahead of many of his peers.
Luca was also celebrated for always volunteering to help at any of the extra curricular events such as open days, food fairs and restaurant functions. It was also noted that he excelled at his work placement and showed a real passion for his work and determination to succeed.
Grateful for support
After being presented with the awards, Luca told OnTheWight,
“I am very honoured to receive such a prestigious award, but without help from all my college tutors, course mates, family and friends I would not be receiving this.”
Life-threatening illness
Only two weeks into the college term last September, Luca was rushed to St Mary's hospital where he spent several days in an induced coma on the Intensive Care Unit.
He was diagnosed with a life-threatening illness and transferred by ambulance to St Bartholomew's Hospital in the City of London.
After a major operation, many MRI scans, countless trips between the Island and Barts, Luca returned to college in the New Year as a Level 2 Catering and Hospitality student to continue his dream of becoming a chef.
Congratulations to Luca, the awards are very well deserved and we wish him the best of health in the future.
Location map
View the location of this story.
A 5000-strong crowd turned out at Gympie's ANZAC Day Dawn Service this morning to commemorate our fallen soldiers and those who have served and continue to serve.
Gympie residents gathered before sunrise to watch veterans, students and dignitaries march to Memorial Park where the touching service took place in front of the town's Memorial Gates.
Addressing the crowd, Gympie RSL sub branch president Peter Maddocks paid tribute to soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice.
"We honour the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice so we remain free.”
Mayor Mick Curran echoed his sentiments:
"That day at Gallipoli the Anzac spirit was born and is now part of our national identity,” Mr Curran said.
"I'm proud to say the Anzac spirit lives on in the Australian culture.”
HUDSON, Fla. (WFLA) – When Donna Smith got a call from a Pasco County sheriff's deputy a few weeks ago, her heart sank.
“And he said that they had sent multiple letters to my address. I failed to appear for jury duty so now there was a warrant out for my arrest,” said Smith. “I needed to take care of this immediately. In order to put it on hold, I needed to pay a bail. ”
The other option, the man told Smith, a deputy would come to her home and take her to jail.
But the caller was a fake and now Smith is out the $300 she paid him to keep her on the right side of the law.
The real deputies say he was the one on the wrong side of the law.
Detective Anthony Cardillo says this is a growing and disturbing trend in Pasco County where people posing as law enforcement are contacting residents demanding money.
They use the fear factor to get what they want.
Det. Cardillo says that's not how the sheriff's office works.
“The sheriff's office will not ever release or make phone calls or do anything or ask for money to alleviate anything the sheriff's office may have against you,” said Cardillo.
He says this, like many other phone scams, are almost impossible to track.
“There's essentially almost no way for us to track these numbers. The money that you send is gone. The sheriff's office is not going to be able to get it back for you.”
So far, the detectives are investigating more than a dozen cases where fake deputies have contacted citizens demanding payments.
“They are using a name, they are using a rank. A majority of the time, the name and the rank is correct,” said Cardillo. “It is an actual employee, a member of the sheriff's office that they are using.”
Detective Cardillo says the best advice is if you don't recognize the phone number, don't answer the call. Generally, scam artists won't leave messages. But if they do, contact the sheriff's office if you have a question about the call.
While Smith is out hundreds of dollars she will likely never get back, she hopes there is some value to others in her story.
“You know, I kind of felt stupid that it happened,” said Smith. “But like I said, maybe it will help other people think twice if they get this phone call.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Submit on Tuesday, July 3rd, 2018 22:57
Airbus has completed the integration of Cheops (CHaracterising ExOPlanet Satellite), the European Space Agency's (ESA) first small mission satellite that will carry out an exciting scientific mission, to define the properties of the planets orbiting nearby stars.
Related Post:Sky Brasil, DirecTV Brasil Finalize MergerOndas Media Gets CMT BackingOndas Expands Senior Management TeamNews Corp.'s Shareholders Approve DirecTV-Liberty Media SwapMilitary finds NLZSAT capacity too expensive, reportGrohe Sees Potential For GalileoOndas Media Signs Dutch Broadcast DealDirecTV Signs Deal With Audience Measurement ServiceSovrn
CHICAGO — Workers at Chicago hotels now have “panic buttons” to summon help if needed.
An ordinance that took effect this week requires hotels to provide the buttons. They're intended to protect housekeeping staff and others who work alone in guest rooms from sexual harassment and other crimes.
A survey of 500 workers conducted by Unite Here Local 1 found 58 per cent reported they've experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment by guests. The most common was guests answering their door naked.
The buttons trigger a message to the cellphone of the employee's supervisor, manager and human resources department and provide the employee's name and location.
Karen Kent is president of Unite Here Local 1. She says it's “a new day for women working in Chicago hotels.”
While the NCAA tournament moves on to the Sweet Sixteen and Elite 8, gamers have some interesting new options as Sea of Thieves arrives on PC and Xbox One, and the co-op escape game A Way Out goes on sale with an unusual twist -- as long as you buy it, you can play with a friend even if they haven't. On TV, Syfy drops its Superman prequel series Krypton and Portlandia wraps up its series run. Netflix has a busy release schedule this week, with the hip-hop biopic Roxanne, Roxanne, as well as a movie starring the Workaholics guys: Game Over, Man!. For movie fans there's Jumanji available in 4K, and the F1 series starts Sunday morning on ESPN. Look after the break to check out each day's highlights, including trailers and let us know what you think (or what we missed).
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
By ARNIE STAPLETON
AP Pro Football Writer
The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a hard hit in the end zone that left him dazed and with his hands quivering.
Texans coach Bill O'Brien said Monday that he didn't see the video of Savage shaking and never would have allowed him back in the game if he'd been able to see what the TV cameras showed.
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it."
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented in coordination with the players union.
NFL Players Association spokesman George Atallah tweeted , "we are initiating a full review of the Tom Savage concussion from yesterday's game."
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove him from participating.
"We are going to wait until we've had a chance to coordinate with the NFLPA and talk to all the people involved in the incident, everyone from the referees to the spotters to the UNCs (unaffiliated neurotrauma consultants) to the team physicians, head coach, player - whoever is relevant for this discussion before we reach any conclusions," Lockhart said.
Lockhart wouldn't speculate whether any officials saw the video of Savage's hit before clearing him to return to action. He said spotters do have the ability to send video to "relevant personnel on the field."
"That is a question that we will look at in this review of the incident," Lockhart said.
Lockhart also said he expects results "to be announced in the next day or two" of an investigation whether concussion protocol was properly followed involving Russell Wilson earlier this season.
Savage was hit by 49ers defensive end Elvis Dumervil while throwing an incomplete pass on third down in the second quarter in Houston. His helmet slammed into the ground and Savage appeared to have trouble getting up. He seemed dazed, his hands visibly quivering.
Referee John Hussey sent him to the sideline to get checked out. The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box, a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions.
After being checked out in the medical tent for less than three minutes, Savage returned to the game for a series and threw two incomplete passes.
O'Brien said Monday he told the team's athletic trainer, Geoff Kaplan, that he thought Savage needed to be further evaluated because it had been such a "quick check" initially.
"They were not satisfied with his answers to the questions that they were asking him and they pulled him from the game," O'Brien said.
Savage appeared to be trying to get back into the game a second time before he was stopped by an assistant coach from returning the field and was escorted by the trainer to the locker room just before halftime.
O'Brien noted Monday he didn't have access to the video and had no idea Savage had even been hit on the play.
"I'm on the 50-yard line calling the play" in which the 49ers blitzed six players, O'Brien said. "I figured that he got hit, really didn't know that he got hit, there are 12 bodies around him. Very, very difficult from the 50-yard line where I'm standing to see if he even got hit.
"With benefit of seeing video, obviously from my standpoint, the care for the player, I would have never let that player back in the game," he said. "And I don't believe that (team athletic trainer) Geoff Kaplan would have allowed that player back in the game. I do not have benefit of the video. I did not see anything."
O'Brien said he expects T.J. Yates, who threw two touchdown passes in relief of Savage on Sunday, to start next weekend when the Texans (4-9) visit the Jaguars (9-4).
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OKLAHOMA CITY — Police recovered ammunition among other items from the home of a man who shot and wounded patrons inside an Oklahoma restaurant last week.
The warrant to search the apartment of 28-year-old Alexander Tilghman was issued just more than four hours after police say Tilghman wounded three people about 6:30 p.m. last Thursday at Louie's On The Lake. A fourth person fell and broke his arm in the chaos after the shooting before Tilghman was fatally shot by two civilians.
The warrant filed Tuesday says 9 millimeter ammunition, notebook writings, a computer, a laptop and cellphones were taken from the apartment.
Police have not said what type of handgun was used by Tilghman, who was certified as an armed security guard.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
4 p.m.
The stock market closed sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average plunged more than 600 points.
Stocks ended their worst week in two years Friday, and the Dow's drop was its biggest in percentage terms since June 2016.
Several giant U.S. companies dropped after reporting weak earnings, including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet. Apple and Chevron also fell.
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
The Dow fell 665 points, or 2.5 percent, to 25,520.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762. The S&P is down almost 4 percent since hitting a record high a week ago.
The Nasdaq fell 144 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.
———
2:25 p.m.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 500 points, or 2 percent, as a weeklong slump in stock market picks up speed.
The market is heading for its biggest weekly drop in two years.
Weak earnings from several giant U.S. companies including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet, Google's parent company, further dented investors' confidence.
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported another gain in hiring last month as well as the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
The Dow fell 515 points, or 2 percent, to 25,675. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 49 points, or 1.8 percent, to 2,773.
The Nasdaq fell 108 points, or 1.5 percent, to 7,278.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 percent.
———
11:45 a.m.
Stocks fell sharply in midday trading, putting the market on track for its worst week in two years.
Energy companies fell more than the rest of the market Friday after Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported disappointing results.
Exxon lost 5.7 percent and Chevron fell 3.7 percent.
Technology companies also fell. Google's parent company, Alphabet, dropped 5 percent.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 30 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,791.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 343 points, or 1.3 percent, to 25,841. The Nasdaq fell 74 points, or 1 percent, to 7,312.
Bond yields shot higher after the government reported another month of strong job gains and wage growth, further stoking fears of inflation.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent.
———
9:35 a.m.
Technology companies were leading stocks broadly lower in early trading, extending the market's slide into a second day.
Google's parent company Alphabet slumped 4.6 percent Friday after reporting results that missed analysts' forecasts.
Exxon Mobile sank 5 percent and Chevron lost 1.8 percent. Both also reported results that fell short of forecasts.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,802.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 252 points, or 1 percent, to 25,937. The Nasdaq composite fell 37 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,346.
Bond prices fell after the government reported more job gains last month. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent.
Senate urges FG, states to set up free mental health stations in govt-owned hospitals
By Onozure Dania
ABUJA—THE Senate has asked the Ministry of Health at all levels to set up free and accessible mental health stations in all government-owned hospitals and clinics across the country.
The Upper Chamber also urged the Federal and State Ministries of Health to embark on mental health sensitisation and awareness campaign, even as it called on the citizenry to lookout for possible symptoms of unhappiness, depression, among others, and seek professional help where necessary.
Senators also attributed the increasing rate of suicide in the country to the present economic recession.
The resolutions of the Senate were sequel to a motion by Senator Oluremi Tinubu, APC-Lagos Central, titled, “Need to Ensure Affordable Mental Health Care for Nigerians.”
In her presentation, Senator Tinubu said: “The Senate is worried about the rising spate of suicide and suicide attempts in Nigeria; “Nigeria was ranked 78th happiest nation in the world and 4th in Africa in the 2015 world happiness report;
“The report published in March 2017 rates Nigeria as 95th happiest nation out of 155 countries. The Senate is concerned that suicide and its attendant causes, namely depression, social and economic problems, low self-esteem, traumatic experiences, physical and emotional abuse, substance abuse, bullying etc. are not alien to Nigerians.”
The post Senate urges FG, states to set up free mental health stations in govt-owned hospitals appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DENVER — From loser's lament to winning formula, the Denver Broncos finally played the clean game rookie head coach Vance Joseph has been pining for ever since they started their eight-game spiral.
After every loss, seven of them by double digits, the Broncos (4-9) would agonize over their poor play and bad luck. They suggested if they could just manage to get an early lead and win the turnover battle, they'd be able to capitalize on their dominant defence, stick to a ground game and find their way again.
They did all that in a 23-0 win over the New York Jets on Sunday that snapped their longest losing streak in a half century.
“It's the formula we've been searching for,” pass rusher Shane Ray said. “Unfortunately it's happened kind of late. (But) it's something we can build off.”
The Broncos didn't turn the ball over and had two takeaways, one on a strip sack by Brandon Marshall and the other on an interception by Darian Stewart .
They jumped out to an early 10-0 lead and never let up in holding the Jets (5-8) to exactly 100 yards of offence.
“We knew if we played clean football it would look like that,” said Joseph, who found himself on the hot seat after just a dozen games. “We were plus-2 in turnovers. That's huge. The field position, our average start was 41 and theirs was 20. It's really a flip game of what we've seen in the last two months.”
That was thanks to finally finding a punt returner they could count on in Jordan Taylor, who gave the Broncos field position all afternoon, unlike rookie Isaiah McKenzie, who was benched last week for the remainder of the season after fumbling six times.
It also helped that they finally got away from their stubborn insistence on three-receiver sets, the formation they were in for 27 of their 30 sacks and 13 of their 14 interceptions over their previous 10 games.
“Our plan was to run the ball efficiently on first and second down and keep the third downs manageable. If not, punt the ball back,” Joseph said. “It's the formula we set out to accomplish and it worked. It worked perfectly.”
Other takeaways from Denver's first shutout in 12 years:
JETS JETTISONED: On a day the Bills and Colts combined for 546 yards in a blizzard at Buffalo, the Jets managed a mere 100 yards of offence on a sunny 60-degree day in Denver.
The Jets' 59 yards on the ground and 41 through the air didn't sit well with tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins, either.
“I don't want to hear that playoff talk,” he said, channeling Jim Mora . “I don't want to see this (expletive) again.”
McCOWN HURT: Veteran QB Josh McCown's season might be over after breaking his left hand when he was clobbered by Ray in the second half.
“He kind of rolled over me and either a knee or a foot or something of his caught my hand and it bent funny,” McCown said. “I knew when it happened something wasn't right.”
McCown, who had left the game briefly earlier with a hip pointer, wasn't sure if he'll be back this season.
“We'll see. I'll do whatever I can to get ready to go and we'll see where that leaves me,” he said. “We still have some more tests and things that we can do and will look at, but my heart is with these guys. I want to finish with these guys and if I can be out there I would love to be out there.”
ROAD WOES: The Jets fell to 1-5 on the road.
“It seems like we don't come out with the same energy we have in home games,” cornerback Morris Claiborne said. “When you're on the road, you have to pretty much bring your own energy. We come out flat. … It's embarrassing, man. Any way you look at it. It's embarrassing to get shut out.”
Especially by a team that hadn't won a game in 70 days.
TALIB RETURNS: Aqib Talib returned from a one-game suspension for his fight with Raiders receiver Michael Crabtree that cost him a $608,996 game check.
“I enjoyed my little time off,” Talib said. “It was an expensive vacation. I felt good, real fresh out there.”
The Jets really didn't test Talib, who had a single tackle.
MILLER TIME: Winning in the NFL is nothing to sneeze at, but Von Miller couldn't help himself as he sneezed four times on the way up to the podium after the game.
“Must be allergic to winning,” he cracked as he took out his handkerchief.
Turning serious, he said, “Getting back in the winning column is an amazing feeling. We just want hold on to this emotion and remember how it feels to win, and just carry it on through the rest of the season.”
NO DOUBTING THOMAS: WR Demaryius Thomas surpassed Hall of Fame tight end Shannon Sharpe to move into second place in two categories: most TD catches (56 to 55) and most receiving yards (8,475 to 8,439)
“Man, it means the world,” said Thomas, who led all receivers with eight catches for 93 yards and a TD. “It just shows the hard work I've put in paying off.”
Thomas trails Rod Smith (68 TDs and 11,389 yards) in both categories.
——
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Good news comedy fans: Inside No 9 is re-opening its doors for a new series of self-contained stories and spooky humour.
Once again written by and starring Reece Shearsmith and Steve Pemberton, the third series of the BBC2 comedy is full of quirky plots, wacky characters and plenty of well-known guest stars.
When is Inside No 9 series three on TV?
Inside No 9 is returning 10pm Tuesday 21st February on BBC2.
Who are the guest stars?
Major award-winners, sitcom stars and even a Dursley from Harry Potter, series three will be full of familiar faces.
Bafta winner Jason Watkins and Line of Duty star Keeley Hawes (above) lead an impressive list that includes: Felicity Kendal (The Good Life), Tamzin Outhwaite (EastEnders), Fiona Shaw (Petunia Dursley in the Harry Potter), Morgana Robinson (Morgana Robinson's The Agency), Philip Glenister (Ashes to Ashes) and Mat Baynton (The Wrong Mans).
Felicity Kendal as Patricia in an upcoming episode
Where can I watch the other series?
All episodes of the show – including series one, two and the 2016 Christmas special – are available on the BBC Store.
Tonto Dikeh, Jon Ogah set for Abuja All White Pool Party – The Eagle Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
CHICAGO — These sure are sweet times for Loyola-Chicago.
Two last-second shots — two prayers answered — vaulted the Ramblers to the Sweet 16 and placed them right in the national spotlight.
“Coach (Porter Moser) has been talking about how ‘You think this is good? Look around. You think this is good? Well, it's gonna get even better,”‘ guard Ben Richardson said. “It's just kind of been bought into that, like put it in the bag and move on.”
The Ramblers are moving on to face Nevada after two breathtaking victories, a run that has captivated college basketball and turned 98-year-old team chaplain Sister Jean Dolores Schmidt into a celebrity.
They knocked off Miami on Dante Ingram's buzzer-beating 3-pointer from the March Madness logo, then got the sweetest of all bounces on Clayton Custer's jumper in the closing seconds to beat Tennessee in Dallas. On Monday, they were back home preparing for Nevada.
The Ramblers (30-5) will bring more wins than any other team in the program's 100-year history into Thursday's game in Atlanta, having surpassed their 1963 champions during this NCAA run.
No small accomplishment for a team that struggled for decades following a Sweet 16 loss to Patrick Ewing and Georgetown in 1985. Loyola went 14 seasons without a winning record at one point. The first few years after Moser took over in 2011 weren't so smooth, either.
They've gone from 7-23 with just one win in the Horizon League in his first season to capturing the Missouri Valley Championship, from small home crowds to their first sellout in 15 years, from obscurity to centre stage. It's quite a turnaround for the Jesuit school of about 16,000 along the lakefront on Chicago's northern edge.
For guard Lucas Williamson, it's been a nonstop flow of well-wishes and congratulations. Whether it's from posts on social media, students coming up to him in the dorm or professors wishing the team well in classes, they keep pouring in.
“I love all the appreciation,” said Williamson, a Chicago product.
Even former President Barack Obama gave the Ramblers — and Sister Jean — a shoutout. He tweeted after the first-round win: “Congrats to @LoyolaChicago and Sister Jean for a last-second upset – I had faith in my pick!”
“I can't even start to put into words the outreach that we've had across the country from so many people,” Moser said. “When you have a media market like Chicago … you can't put into words (what it means to the school). I'm sure in the months ahead they'll be put into a more detailed impact. But right now, it's just fun for the university to have this kind of national recognition.”
And he's not shying away from the attention.
“The media scrutiny, the spotlight, it's great for them,” Moser said. “They're mature enough to handle it. They've been handling it now for a month straight. I'm not that guy that's gonna hold back and not enjoy this journey. They're enjoying it. But they're gonna absolutely … be locked in, ready to go.”
That means figuring out a way to beat a team that just pulled off quite a shocker.
Nevada wiped out a 22-point deficit in the final 11 minutes to match the second-biggest comeback in NCAA Tournament history and knock out Cincinnati. The Wolf Pack (28-7) are in the Sweet 16 for the second time. Otherwise, it would have been Ramblers against Bearcats in a matchup that sure would have sparked flashbacks to the '63 title game. That year, Loyola beat two-time defending champion Cincinnati in a landmark moment for racial equality.
“Super, super, super talented offensive team,” Richardson said about Nevada. “You've gotta give credit to a team like that that fought back from a huge deficit. That's just the kind of stuff that happens in March. You've always gotta be ready for a team to make a historic comeback. That's a tribute to the way they play, they play super hard, they're a really talented offensive team, and there'll definitely be a lot of things we have to game plan for because they're definitely a tough matchup.”
Something else that might concern Loyola: Sister Jean had them losing in the Sweet 16 in her bracket.
“Sister Jean, she's been our biggest supporter,” Williamson said. “And she's definitely gonna be our biggest supporter. But we're gonna have to bust her bracket on this one.”
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org , https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
HARTFORD, Conn. — A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refuelling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
NEW ORLEANS — Right when it looked as if rising star Ben Simmons might lift the 76ers to an unlikely road victory, a guy that used to have Simmons' job in Philadelphia took over in the clutch and rescued the Pelicans.
Jrue Holiday made five 3-pointers in the fourth quarter, when he scored 19 of his 34 points, and New Orleans overcame an eight-point deficit in the final period to beat short-handed Philadelphia 131-124 on Sunday night.
The 6-foot-4 Holiday, an Eastern Conference All-Star in Philadelphia before being traded to New Orleans in 2013, struggled to create scoring chances on dribble drives against the 6-foot-10 Simmons, missing eight of his first 12 shots. He shifted his focus to passing out of his drives and committed five turnovers.
Then Holiday opened the fourth quarter by letting fly quick 3s and changed the game.
“I guess it was just my turn at that time,” Holiday said. “Obviously, we were down and I was having a rough game passing the ball.”
Rajon Rondo, who sat out the Pelicans' collapse against Sacramento on Friday night, returned with 13 points and 18 assists.
Holiday said Rondo fueled New Orleans' 44-point fourth quarter with his ability to push the pace and “get everybody a good shot.”
“My points are (thanks) to him,” Holiday asserted. “Right when he came back in, everything changed for me.”
Anthony Davis added 29 points and DeMarcus Cousins 23 for New Orleans, which looked out-of-synch in the third quarter and in danger of dropping a second straight at home.
“We didn't want to happen what happened last game,” Holiday said. “That's all that we kept on talking about.”
Simmons, who played one season at LSU before being selected first overall in the 2016 draft, had 27 points and 10 rebounds. He dazzled the crowd with a handful of explosives, driving dunks, including a reverse jam along the baseline that had the Sixers as close as 108-107 with 7:26 left.
But Holiday and Davis responded with 3s to make it 114-107.
“Closing games out on the road is always difficult,” Sixers coach Brett Brown said. “It's especially difficult with DeMarcus Cousins and Anthony Davis and Jrue Holiday” on the other team.
J.J. Redick, who had 28 points, hit a tough 22-foot jumper that briefly cut the Sixers' deficit to five with four minutes left, but Holiday again responded with a 3, and his final 3 a couple possessions later gave the Pelicans' an 11-point lead with 2:54 to go.
Already without 6-foot-9 starting forward Robert Covington, the Sixers scratched 7-foot centre Joel Embiid minutes before the game because of back stiffness.
“We have to be more consistent and make the right plays every time,” Simmons said. “When we make mistakes and do not have guys like Joel and Cov to make up for it, it gets tough. We have to just come together as a team and get through it.”
Still, Philadelphia outrebounded New Orleans 47-33 and outscored the Pelicans 60-44 in the paint. The Sixers snagged 22 offensive rebounds, which tied a season-high and led to 20 second-chance points.
TIP-INS
76ers: Embiid, whose playing time had been limited since off-season knee surgery, was expected to play in New Orleans after sitting out in Cleveland on Saturday night. … Covington was ruled out because of a back injury stemming from his leap into the stands in Cleveland a night earlier. … Guard T.J. McConnell also was scratched with a left shoulder sprain. … Amir Johnson and Trevor Booker each had 16 points for the Sixers. … Dario Saric had 13 points and 11 rebounds. … Richaun Holmes scored 12 points.
Pelicans: E'Twaun Moore had 14 points and Dante Cunningham 10. … Davis was called for a flagrant foul with 4:54 to go for lifting his elbow while setting a screen and hitting Simmons in the head. … Cousins' playing time was limited when he was assessed his fifth foul with 9:33 left. … Reserve swing player Tony Allen dropped to the court in the first quarter before limping to the locker room on his own with what team officials said was a left knee injury. He did not return.
KEEPING MOMENTUM
Cousins said he persuaded coach Alvin Gentry to delay subbing him back into the game in the fourth quarter because he didn't want to disrupt New Orleans' surge into the lead.
“He wanted me to get AD a break, but at that moment we were kind of going on a run, so I said, ‘Coach, let 'em roll,”‘ Cousins recalled. “I just didn't want to be the guy to break what we had going on.”
UP NEXT
76ers: At Minnesota on Tuesday night.
Pelicans: At Houston on Monday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Politicians and institutions to watch this year
Muhmmadu Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari will continue to make news headlines this year. He is one of the prominent Nigerian politicians to watch this year. His ability or otherwise to steer the ship of government to the right direction will earn him positive newspaper headlines. Buhari's efforts at governance in the last 19 months have…
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Politicians and institutions to watch this year appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) — A man was convicted Wednesday of killing his former neighbors and hiding their bodies in the woods northeast of Seattle after one of them told authorities he was squatting at the house he sold following a devastating landslide.
A jury found John Reed, 55, guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn, 45, and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude, 46, and the Daily Herald reported . He faces life in prison.
Prosecutors said Reed killed Patenaude and then fatally shot Shunn several hours later as he arrived home on April 11, 2016, near Oso, a small community that was the site of the nation's worst landslide in 2014.
Reed had an ongoing feud with the couple and threatened to shoot them after they cut brush next to his property in 2013, according to prosecutors. Deputies described Reed as an aggressive neighbor.
After the landslide, Reed sold his property to the county under a flood-mitigation program. Several weeks before Patenaude was killed, she reported that Reed had been illegally squatting, according to charging documents.
Reed testified last week that he shot Patenaude and Shunn in self-defense after the couple confronted him at his former property. He claimed he "panicked" and had his brother, Tony Reed, help him bury the couple's bodies and stash the couple's vehicles.
The brothers fled to Mexico after the slayings. Mexican authorities arrested John Reed more than two months later.
Tony Reed had already turned himself in and led detectives to the couple's gravesite. He was sentenced to 14 months in jail after pleading guilty to rendering criminal assistance.
Prosecutors decided not to seek the death penalty against John Reed. He also was convicted of unlawful possession of a firearm after a trial that lasted over two weeks in Snohomish County Superior Court.
___
Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldnet.com
Tweets and Photos: Arsenal players react to beating Crystal Palace
Three Points ✅ Clean Sheet ✅ Goal ✅ Great Way To Celebrate A New Year!! #BIG17 #COYG pic.twitter.com/kl7capsa2N — Alexander Iwobi (@alexiwobi) January 1, 2017
Arsenal recorded a 2-0 home win over Crystal Palace yesterday to ensure they started 2017 by securing three points.
The Gunners' New Year's Day victory moved them up to third in the Premier League table.
A spectacular overhead backheel scorpion kick from Olivier Giroud and a header from Alex Iwobi were enough to see off the Eagles.
Here is how some of Arsene Wenger's players reacted to the game and the perfect start to the new year.
Nothing is better than such a great win to start 2017.. job done with the gunners , so now let's focus on CAN with the national team.. I will miss you guys but be sure I'll be watching you and supporting you from there 💪🏼 A photo posted by Mohamed Elneny (@elnennym) on Jan 1, 2017 at 12:36pm PST
Perfect way to start the new year with a cleansheet & 3 points!! Focus now on Bournemouth this Tuesday 💪 #COYG pic.twitter.com/cinL33wsLr — Héctor Bellerín (@HectorBellerin) January 1, 2017
Good way to start the new year with 3 points. What a goal of giroud😳 A photo posted by Nacho Monreal (@nachomonrealoficial) on Jan 1, 2017 at 12:00pm PST
Happy new year to all @Arsenal fans! Hope you enjoyed those 3 points, @_OlivierGiroud_ bringing in 2017 in a special way! 2️⃣0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣🔛🔝 pic.twitter.com/cixw9zmFty — Per Mertesacker (@mertesacker) January 1, 2017
Ex-weather presenter Bill Giles gives the BBC's new forecasts a frosty reception in the new issue of Radio Times
Former weather presenter Bill Giles has declared the BBC's new weather forecasts “as disappointing as a downpour in high summer.”
Advertisement
Giles, who led the BBC weather team from 1983 until 2000, has cast his expert eye over the revamped forecasts – but he has been left deeply unimpressed.
“If a weather forecast is supposed to give you a clear idea of what might be in store tomorrow, then the new weather maps, with their state-of-the-art graphics, are a severe disappointment,” he writes in the new issue of Radio Times magazine.
The changes were revealed on 6th February, when the BBC officially switched to its new weather services provider MeteoGroup.
“The truth is, the old weather maps were better, more fit for purpose,” Giles says.
“But they were a feature of the forecast when the Met Office provided the BBC with its weather forecasts. That contract came to an end at the beginning of this year. Much of the forecast still comes from the Met Office so the accuracy is not in question. But the clarity is.”
The former forecaster suggests that the new maps are unclear and uninformative, and complains that the zoomed-out geographical view makes it harder to see detail in the UK.
And as temperatures dip below freezing, Giles says the colours on the maps are confusing: cloud and sunshine are hard to tell apart, and cold weather is no longer represented by blue numbers.
The changes have been controversial online – but the new graphics have fans as well as critics.
What's your verdict on the new-look BBC Weather graphics?We want to hear from you! Posted by Radio Times on Tuesday, February 6, 2018
On the day of the switch-over, viewer Jessica Jane Evershed told RadioTimes.com that the map had a “Much better view of Scotland, which before seem to drunkenly slip off the map. The curved map used to drive me crazy when trying to accurately locate a place.”
Stuart Allen added: “Good clear view and great to see actual clouds at last! liking it!”
Gary Skyme was less impressed: “Impossible to read the words, and the UK landmass is too small. Unfortunately the shape of the UK doesn't lend itself to widescreen, hence why the animated flyover worked. Seems to be a backward step to move from the advanced graphics we previously had, back to this.”
Michael Carter agreed, writing: “Love watching the weather. Really don't like the new look. It's smaller and further away, and it's difficult to see any detail in the rain/snow. The snow and cloud are often indistinguishable from one another.”
Advertisement
Read Bill Giles' full column in Radio Times magazine, out now
Bayelsa govt declares N1.13bn all-time high IGR
By Samuel Oyadongha & Emem Idio
BYENAGOA— Bayelsa State Government, yesterday, said that for the first time, it recorded N1.13 billion as its internally generated revenue (IGR) for the month of March, 2017 as against N983 million declared in February, due to government's aggressive drive to shore up revenue for the state.
Deputy state governor, Rear Admiral Gboribiogha John Jonah (retd), who announced this during the transparency briefing for April, 2017 in Yenagoa, said the government was yet to receive the second tranche of the Paris Club refund.
According to him, the state government received N14.5 billion in November last year, out of the N21.168 billion due the state for the first tranche of the Paris Club refund.
He disclosed the receipt of additional N6.61 billion in the month of March, as the balance of the N21.168 billion, out of which N1.9 billion was released to the local government areas.
His words: “The Paris Club refund to states is not a gift from the Federal Government to pay salaries. It is state governments' money that was deducted without consulting the states. At a meeting, it was decided that the money should be paid in two instalments.
“A chart was drawn up and the entitlements of every state were written. But, the Federal Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, decided that, if that money was released to states for payment of salaries, there would be too much money in circulation. It was then decided that the money would be paid in four instalments, which is 25 per cent at a time.
“When the first 25 per was paid, Bayelsa State could have got N21.168 billion, but then, when the money came, they only released to us, N14.5 billion.
“The first tranche was supposed to have been N21.168 billion. But again, that N14.5 billion was not for the state government alone, because out of the amount, N1.3 billion was for the local government councils. So, what actually came to the state government was the balance of N13.2 billion.
“I am telling Bayelsans that the Federal Government, apart from the first tranche, has not released one kobo to any state.”
The post Bayelsa govt declares N1.13bn all-time high IGR appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former WDBJ7 anchor Chris Hurst says life in the newsroom just wasn't the same after his girlfriend was fatally shot, and that is a big reason he decided to leave there to run for the House of Delegates. WFIR's Lillian Boyd has the story
2-14 Chris Hurst Wrap 2-WEB
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A special festival has been announced to say a huge thank you to residents of Cheshire for the warm welcome they give to the 48 million people who flock to the county each year to visit attractions.
In return for their generosity, everyone who calls Cheshire home will be able to enjoy free entry to some of the region's best tourist spots as part of the first ever Cheshire Residents' Festival from March 25 to April 2.
Marketing Cheshire, Cheshire East Council and Cheshire West and Chester Council are behind the festival, which coincides with English Tourism Week.
It was borne from the idea that while residents have some of England's most brilliant day-trip destinations on their doorstep, many have never experienced them.
So lots of the largest attractions are offering the chance to visit for free for one week only.
So where's included?
Representatives from Cheshire's Gardens of Distinction like Adlington Hall and Gardens, Cholmondeley Castle Gardens and Tatton Park Gardens are all offering free entry to enjoy the British seasonal planting and landscaping Cheshire is renowned for.
Wildlife lovers can visit RSPB Burton Mere or Reaseheath Zoo, while culture vultures can enjoy performances at Crewe Lyceum for free, entry to the Port Sunlight Museum and the chance to have a behind the scenes tour of Chester's new cultural centre Storyhouse.
Jodrell Bank have also offered 250 free tickets to explore the workings of the universe and the giant Lovell telescope at their discovery centre.
Step into tourists' shoes
Katrina Michel, chief executive of Marketing Cheshire, said: “To celebrate English Tourism Week, we are encouraging our residents to put themselves in the shoes of the tourists.
“Our tourist economy continues to enjoy a wonderful growth, thanks in a large part to the continued investment and the innovative nature of our world-class attractions.
“Cheshire Residents' Festival will give the opportunity for the residents of Cheshire to become even prouder ambassadors of our county, by giving them more of a taste of all that Cheshire has to offer and discover attractions they might not even have known were on their doorstep.”
For more information, click here .
In honor of this versatile treat, National Donut Day is celebrated Friday. On that day, donut joints across the nation honor the holiday by giving out free and discounted donuts and offering limited-time menu items.
Donut Day Survey
In addition to rounding up a list of great deals, we also surveyed 1,000 consumers via Google Surveys to learn which donut types – and donut chains – are Americans' favorites.
Favorite donut type
When it comes to favorite types of donut, glazed donuts are the clear winner, with 45 percent of consumers saying this classic variety is their go-to donut. Boston cream comes in second, followed by jelly and sprinkles.
Favorite donut chain
When it comes from favorite spots to grab a donut, plenty of Americans prefer their local neighborhood donut shops, according to our survey. Still, the large chains are loved in many states:
Krispy Kreme is beloved in southern states such as Alabama, New Mexico, Arkansas and South Carolina.
Many northeastern states such as New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey prefer Dunkin' Donuts.
A few states are unique when it comes to their favorite donut shop. North Dakota prefers Tim Hortons, while Mississippi can't get enough Shipley Donuts. Georgia is tied between Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Doughnuts.
See Tennessee's most popular donut shop in the map.
National Donut Day deals
Savings specialist have rounded up a comprehensive list of all the places you can score Donut Day deals and specials.
Note that participation may vary by location and franchise. Be sure to call ahead to make sure these deals are being offered in your area.
Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic donut of your choice with the purchase of any beverage Friday. The classic-donut lineup includes favorites like Boston Kreme, glazed and Strawberry Frosted with Sprinkles.
Entenmann's: Enter the sweepstakes to win the National Donut Day contest. One winner will receive $5,000, Entenmann's branded gear and a one-year supply of donuts. Four runners-up will receive $1,000 and a one-year supply of donuts.
Krispy Kreme: On Friday, get one free doughnut of your choice. No purchase is necessary.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NASHVILLE — Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup against the Dolphins.
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston.
“I've been able to get out there for a little bit, but the majority of practice I do a lot of rehab. My first and foremost goal is to get healthy, and that's what I've been working on,” Mariota said Friday.
Mariota said he needs to have some mobility in order to be able to play. The Titans (2-2) are talking about letting him take part in Saturday's walk-through. But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when the list of inactives is due.
“I think if I'm able to move around and am able to hand the ball off, and am able to drop back, then I'll definitely play,” Mariota said. “It's a tough decision. It's a decision that was made this past Sunday in Houston. It's never easy for an athlete. To that point, I'm going to do my best to get healthy, and hopefully, I'll be ready to go.”
Titans coach Mike Mularkey said he didn't want Mariota doing much in practice, preferring the quarterback to heal up.
“We're not putting him to a point where he could make it any worse, so he actually feels pretty good right now,” Mularkey said.
If Mariota is unable to start, then backup Matt Cassel will start. He took the bulk of the first-team reps in practice this week after struggling last week coming off the bench. Cassel was intercepted twice with one returned for a touchdown and stripped of the ball when sacked.
Brandon Weeden, signed Tuesday as insurance, would be the backup if Mariota does not play.
Both wide receiver Corey Davis and safety Johnathan Cyprien as out again this week. Both players have missed multiple weeks with hamstring injuries of their own.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL.
Git is the largest revision control and collaboration system available for development. Git has replaced larger, more costly systems across the globe and has become the de facto standard tool for coders.
But for some companies, small or large, housing code on a third-party cloud storage service might be a no-go. If that's the case, the only solution is in-house. For some, that means setting up a server and running a Git repository for the housing of proprietary or open source code. However, for some companies (especially those on the smaller side), having the resources (and time) to set up a server dedicated for Git storage may not be an option. That being the case, what do you do?
Fortunately there's a solution, one that's incredibly simple. Said solution is Gitstorage, an easy-to-deploy appliance dedicated to housing your Git repositories. Each appliance is a single board computer (based on the Raspberry Pi). The device is smaller than a credit card, has no moving parts, generates no heat, is wall-mountable, is powered by a standard USB (or included mini USB), and offers a standard ethernet connection. The full specs are:
Dimensions - 3.44" × 2.93" × 1.28" (87.4 mm × 74.3 mm × 32.5 mm)
Weight - 2.08 oz (59 g)
Wall mount - 4 screws
Ambient temperature - 32 °F - 104 °F (0 °C - 40 °C)
Memory capacity - 16 GB (GS-16) 64 GB (GS-64)
Storage for git repos - 10.6 GB (GS-16) 58.6 GB (GS-64)
Certifications - CE, FCC
Processor - H2 quadcore Cortex-A7 with 512 MB RAM
Power supply - Standard USB
Connectors - 1 × 10/100 MBit/s Ethernet, USB-A, Power (USB Micro-B)
Web interface languages - English (US), French, German
Price (MSRP) - $399 USD (GS-16) $499 USD (GS-64)
But how well does the Gitstorage appliance work? Is it really that easy to deploy? Let's deploy one and find out.
SEE: How to build a successful developer career (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Setup
The setup of the Gitstorage is remarkably simple:
Unpack the box. Plug the device into your network (you'll need a Cat5 cable). Connect the power cable. Wait 60 seconds.
At this point, things get a bit complicated. According to the directions, you should then be able to point a browser to http://gitst.net and the Gitstorage interface will appear. I tried that on both a Linux desktop and a MacBook Pro. Neither machine could find the device. In fact, if I attempted to ping the gitst.net address, I received a WAN IP address that didn't respond. The only way I was able to reach my Gitstorage device was to log into my router, look for gitstorage among the connected devices, and find out the IP address of the device. Once I had that IP address, I could point my browser to that address and login with user root and password password. At that point, the setup wizard is presented (Figure A).
Figure A
The steps to the setup wizard are:
Language selection
EULA
Name the device
Device root CA creation or import (optional)
Encryption password
Admin setup (email/password)
Dropbox setup (optional)
Email setup (optional)
Once I completed the wizard, trouble in paradise arose. During the first round, the final screen was blank. After a reboot, I had to walk through the wizard again. This time around the final screen appeared, the set link didn't work. So I returned to the IP address and was presented with a login screen. I attempted to use the admin email/password I'd setup during the wizard, but that wouldn't work. I then attempted root/password ... again to no avail. After another reboot (unplug, wait a few seconds, plug back in), I was (once again) sent to the setup wizard (only this time, half-way through). Once again, the final screen links wouldn't work.
Fortunately, I was sent two devices, so I unplugged the first (a GS-16) and plugged in the second (a GS-64). This time around, everything went smoothly and I was able to log into the Gitstorage interface (Figure B).
Figure B
Usage
From the main interface, your first task is to create users. Click on the Users button and add the necessary information for a new user (Figure C).
Figure C
You can now create a new repository. However, new repositories can only be created by the Root user. This is a problem. Why? Remember that admin user created during setup? I was unable to login with that user. So the only user with root privileges is root and the password is, well, not even remotely secure. Changing that password isn't nearly as intuitive as you might think (at least not from an admin perspective). Instead of the root user password change option being in the Settings sections, you must click on the Root user button in the upper right corner. From the popup menu (Figure D), click Account.
Figure D
In the resulting window, click Password. When prompted, type (and verify) the new password for the root user. Log out and log back in with your new credentials. Now click on the Repositories entry in the left navigation, click the Create button, give the repository a name, and click Submit. Once you've created the repository, click on the Settings entry for it and then click the Add user button, so you can add users to the repository (otherwise the root user will be the only one with access).
SEE: 10 Terminal commands to speed your work on the Mac (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Smooth sailing
And that's pretty much all there is setting up a Gitstorage device. Although I did have one hiccup with the first appliance, setting up the second resulted in some pretty smooth sailing for using an in-house Git repository. If you're looking for an incredibly simple solution for code collaboration (and you don't have the resources to setup your own Git server), I highly recommend a Gitstorage device. It's a simple, small, and elegant solution that should serve you well.
Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Cloud Insights Newsletter for more hot tips and tricks. Subscribe
Also see
STARKE, Fla. — In an Oct. 5 story about the execution of a man in Florida, The Associated Press spelled the name of a city wrong. It is Fort Myers, not Fort Meyers.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Florida has executed an inmate who was convicted of killing two people after a night of drinking decades ago.
Michael Lambrix, 57, died Thursday by lethal injection at 10:10 p.m. at Florida State Prison in Bradford County.
For his final words, Lambrix said, “I wish to say the Lord's Prayer.” He recited the words, ending on the line “deliver us from evil,” his voice breaking slightly at times.
When he finished and the drug cocktail began flowing through his veins, Lambrix's chest heaved and his lips fluttered. This continues for about five minutes, until his lips and eyelids turned silver-blue and he lay motionless. A doctor checked his chest with a stethoscope and shined a light in both of his eyes before pronouncing him dead.
Lambrix was the second inmate put to death by the state since it restarted executions in August.
Before then, the state had stopped all executions for months after a Supreme Court ruling that found Florida's method of sentencing people to death was unconstitutional. In response, the state Legislature passed a new law requiring death sentences to have a unanimous jury vote.
Lambrix's attorney, William Hennis, argued in an appeal to the nation's high court that because his client's jury recommendations for death were not unanimous — the juries in his two trials voted 8-4 and 10-2 for death — they should be thrown out. The Florida Supreme Court has ruled that Lambrix's case is too old to qualify for relief from the new sentencing system.
The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday night denied Lambrix's last-ditch appeal.
Lambrix was convicted of killing Clarence Moore and Aleisha Bryant in 1983 after a long night of partying in a small central Florida town, Labelle, about 30 miles (50 kilometres) northeast of Fort Myers. Lambrix said he was innocent.
He and his roommate, Frances Smith, had met the victims at a bar, and returned to their trailer to eat spaghetti and continue the party, prosecutors said.
At some point after returning to the trailer, Lambrix asked Moore to go outside. He returned about 20 minutes later and asked Bryant to come out as well, according to Smith's testimony.
Smith testified at trial that Lambrix returned to the trailer alone after the killings, his clothes covered in blood. The two finished the spaghetti, buried the two bodies and then washed up, according to Smith's testimony cited in court documents.
Prosecutors said Lambrix choked Bryant, and used a tire iron to kill Moore. Investigators found the bodies, the tire iron and the bloody shirt.
Lambrix has claimed in previous appeals that it was Moore who killed Bryant, and that he killed Moore only in self-defence.
“It won't be an execution,” he told reporters in an interview at the prison Tuesday, according to the Tampa Bay Times. “It's going to be an act of cold-blooded murder.”
Lambrix's first trial ended in a hung jury. The jury in the second trial found him guilty of both murders, and a majority of jurors recommended death.
He was originally scheduled to be executed in 2016, but that was postponed after the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in a case called Hurst v. Florida, which found Florida's system for sentencing people to death was unconstitutional because it gave too much power to judges, instead of juries.
Florida's Supreme Court has ruled that the new death sentencing system only applies to cases back to 2002.
Corrections spokeswoman Michelle Glady said Bryant's sister was the only victims' family member to attend the execution and she did not wish to speak with reporters afterward.
——
Follow Jason Dearen on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/JHDearen
OAKLAND, Calif. -- On the eve of his eighth straight NBA Finals after dominating the 2018 playoffs by averaging the most points (34.0), the second most minutes (41.3) and the third most assists (8.8) of any player in the league, LeBron James acknowledged his career is defying conventional wisdom as to how long a player's prime is supposed to last.
"They always kind of talked about the NBA prime is like 27 (until) like 31, 32. That's, if you're lucky, you'll get to that point," said James, 33. "I don't know. I've just never really bought into that. I've never bought into a ceiling either. You guys (in the media) talked about what's your ceiling, and I've always kind of told you guys that I don't really have a ceiling. I want to just try to maximize as much as I can and be as good as I can."
James, in his 15th year in the league, will break his personal record for most games in a single regular season plus postseason, suiting up for the 101st time in Thursday's Game 1 (9 p.m. ET, ABC). His previous high was 100, set in 2010-11, which ended in a Game 6 Finals loss to the Dallas Mavericks in his inaugural campaign with the Miami Heat.
James referenced a postgame interview with ESPN's Cassidy Hubbarth from March when he declared he felt the best he has in his entire career, to illustrate the reason for his extended prime.
"I don't know if she believed me, and I don't know if you guys believe me, but I really felt that," James said. "And I continued to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season. Hopefully I can continue it in these Finals also."
Not only will James be playing the most games of his career, but he's played them consecutively -- logging all 82 regular season games for the first time in his career and then playing in 18 playoff games through the first three rounds, continuing his streak of 235 playoff games played without missing a game because of injury.
"I've been blessed to be available," he said. "That's what I take pride in more than anything, is being available to my teammates every single day.
"I think I've missed one or two practices a (year) because when you live in Northeast Ohio and you have four seasons, you will get sick. But I've been available for my teammates and been a leader to my teammates all year, and I've put in the work."
James showed just the faintest hint of his mortality in the Eastern Conference finals against the Boston Celtics, however. Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said James appeared tired in Game 5 and then Cleveland big man Larry Nance Jr. fell into James' right leg in Game 6. Despite the chain of events, James managed to play all 48 minutes in Game 7, going the distance in a playoff game for the first time since 2006.
James said he spent Monday "relaxing and decompressing" with a family cookout to celebrate Memorial Day, but shifted into Finals preparation mode Monday night when the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets tipped off Game 7 of the Western Conference finals.
James "figured" the Warriors would win because of "their championship DNA," and with his Finals foe determined as the Warriors for the fourth straight season, he shifted to his physical prep for the series on Tuesday.
"Just round-the-clock treatment," James said. "We had a workout before we left Cleveland. I got treatment on the four-and-a-half-hour flight up here. We did a little prep yesterday. Got some more treatment, ate dinner. I woke up this morning, worked out like I always do. I got some more treatment and headed here to see you guys."
James is 1-2 against the Warriors in the Finals. In 2015, James earned four of the 11 votes for Finals MVP despite the Cavs losing in six games. In 2016, James was named Finals MVP as he led Cleveland to the first comeback from down 3-1 in Finals history. In 2017, he became the first player in Finals history to average a triple-double for the series.
What does he have in store for 2018?
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," he said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK." And just how much basketball does James say he has left to play this season?
"Tomorrow (I will) suit up for the 101st consecutive time," James said. "If I'm fortunate, I can suit up for -- what is it, (107)? We'll see what happens."
OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $54 million toward the development of the F-35 stealth fighter, bringing its total investment in the controversial project to roughly half a billion dollars over the last 20 years.
The government is consulting with fighter-jet builders, including U.S. aerospace giant Boeing, before launching a formal competition early next year to decide on a replacement for the air force's aging CF-18s.
Boeing remains on the fence about whether its Super Hornet will participate in the competition because of enduring questions about how the government will run it.
One concern is a new provision the government announced last year that aims to make it more difficult for companies that are deemed to be hurting the Canadian economy to win defence contracts.
The measure was announced at the height of Boeing's bitter dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier, which has since been tossed out by a U.S. trade tribunal.
Boeing says it made its point with the challenge, and continues to work with the government with regards to other military contracts, but wants to see how the fighter-jet competition will be run before deciding whether to join.
Submit on Tuesday, June 13th, 2017 22:59
The last launch of Russia's light-class Rokot carrier rocket will take place early next year, Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center said.
Related Post:NanoSpace becomes part of GomSpaceSSC to sell all shares in NanoSpace AB to GomSpaceVector Space Systems acquires Garvey Spacecraft CorporationRussian space programme to be fully funded in 2010, but…Russian space consolidation expected later this yearThe Boeing Company (Network & Space Systems) results Q3 2013SSC to acquire Universal Space NetworkITT Exelis acquires signal processing system developerSovrn
The Henderson School System has approved random drug testing for certain middle and high school students.
Student athletes and student drivers could be randomly selected to be drugged tested.
Officials told us an outside agency would randomly select students for testing each week, starting in the Fall.
We're told most parents support the random testing.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
The sophomore pitcher on Worthington's softball team allowed one run on four hits while walking one and striking out five in a complete-game effort to lead the Trojans to a 3-1 victory over Redwood Valley.
“It's really stressful,” Ponto said. “I'm glad that I have my defense behind me. They are there for me and I know I can count on them.”
The Trojan defense was nearly flawless and the Worthington hitters took advantage when they could.
“I think we played really good,” Ponto said. “We had a few errors, but we can work on some stuff at practice. We're doing pretty good so far this season, I'm pretty proud of how we are playing.”
After winning its first two games of the season by a combined 23 runs, WHS suffered a close 3-1 loss to Fairmont last week. But this time, Worthington was able to win the close game.
“You had to earn what you got, I like those,” WHS head coach Rosalie Hayenga-Hostikka said. “Those are fun games, especially when you can figure out how to win. I think that does a lot for confidence too, where every play matters and you have to execute some things. I'm just excited for the kids.”
Redwood Valley pitcher Nicole Stoen nearly matched Ponto pitch-for-pitch. Stoen allowed one earned run on six hits while walking two and striking out five.
Worthington struck first in the second inning. Kourtney Bauman (two hits) doubled to lead off the inning, went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a dropped third strike.
The Trojans' final runs of the game came in the third inning.
Payton Sauerbrei walked and stole second. Brittin Fauskee reached on an error that scored Sauerbrei. Fauskee scored on Ponto's RBI groundout. Ashlyn Rosenberg followed with an extra-base hit, but was stranded when Stoen induced an inning-ending groundout.
Meanwhile, the Cardinals managed just one hit through the first four innings.
“Syd is throwing strikes, we're not walking anyone,” Hayenga-Hostikka said. “Two walks was the most she's had. Tomorrow will be a test if she can do a double header. I think that's the whole key, we haven't given up huge runs because we're making them earn stuff.”
RV's lone run came in the fifth as Kayla Barrington singled and scored on Harlee Ahrens' (two hits) RBI single.
The leadoff runner reached in the sixth for RV, but Ponto sent the next three down in order to end the inning. She sent the Cardinals down in order in the seventh to seal the victory.
“I'm super fired up,” Hayenga-Hostikka said. “I just think it's nice for them to just get some confidence. Sometimes the mental battle is the biggest. Now they come and expect to compete and expect to win. That's huge. In the first two wins that we got, we had some walks that helped us get some runs. It's fun to have two tight games and compete in both.”
WHS (3-1) hosts Marshall in a doubleheader today.
Redwood Valley 000 010 0 -- 1 4 2
Worthington 012 000 x -- 3 6 3
HOUSTON — The San Francisco 49ers aren't happy with where they stand this season.
However, the last few weeks have given them some hope for the future.
Jimmy Garoppolo threw for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown to help the 49ers to their second straight win, 26-16 over the Houston Texans on Sunday.
The 49ers have won three of their last four after opening the season 0-9 under first-year coach Kyle Shanahan.
“It's definitely exciting,” Shanahan said. “You can feel it in our building. Guys are gaining that confidence.”
A big part of San Francisco's recent improvement has been the play of Garoppolo. Tom Brady's former backup showed that he could be the answer for the 49ers at quarterback, going 20-for-33 in his second start for the team. Acquired before the trade deadline from New England, Garoppolo threw for 293 yards in his debut last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
Shanahan said Garoppolo has a knack for making the players around him better.
“When you've got a guy like Jimmy who has been making some impressive throws, who's been doing it on the practice field and he's carried it to the game, I think guys always know they've got a chance,” Shanahan said. “And they've lived up to it.”
Garoppolo, who has started just four games in his four-year NFL career, is excited about the progress he's seen from the offence in his short time with the team.
“We've got a little bit of momentum with us right now and we just need to keep plucking away … and just keep getting better,” he said. “That's what it's all about, especially this time of year. We only have three games left now, so we just have to keep getting better and good things will happen.”
Garrett Celek, who had two receptions for 67 yards and a touchdown on Sunday, is impressed with the way the offence is running with Garoppolo under centre.
“We've been playing a lot better, a lot smoother just all around,” he said.
Some things to know about San Francisco's win over the Texans:
CLOWNEY STARS
Defensive end Jadeveon Clowney continues to carry Houston's defence with J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus out for the season with injuries. On Sunday, the top overall pick in the 2014 draft had a career-high four quarterback hits and added two tackles for losses to add to his career-best total of 20 this season.
But he couldn't appreciate his big day because it came in yet another loss.
“I'm very upset,” he said. “Man, we're 4-9. I'm upset about that. We're a lot better than our record says.”
Coach Bill O'Brien appreciates the work Clowney has done.
“He plays very hard,” O'Brien said. “He's a good player and … it's been a tough year, but he continues to play hard and that's good to see. That helps our team.”
GOOD AS GOULD
A week after tying a career high by making five field goals, San Francisco kicker Robbie Gould had another good game, hitting four field goals in Sunday's win. Gould connected from 52, 35 and 25 yards before securing the victory with a 41-yarder in the fourth quarter.
DeANDRE'S DAY
Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had two touchdown receptions on Sunday to give him a career-high-tying and NFL-best 11 this season. He also had a season-high 11 receptions for 149 yards to give him 1,233 yards, which is second in the league behind Antonio Brown. He needs 289 yards receiving combined in the last three games to surpass the career-high 1,521 yards he finished with in 2015.
“You see it on the film and you see the numbers,” San Francisco cornerback Adrian Colbert said. “I don't care who your cornerback is, you have to double cover the guy. He's a great receiver. He's always been a great receiver.”
INJURIES
Houston quarterback Tom Savage and offensive tackle Kendall Lamm sustained concussions in the first quarter. Six Texans players have suffered concussions in the last two games combined. … 49ers rookie receiver Victor Bolden injured his ankle in the second quarter and didn't return. … San Francisco cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon injured his knee in the fourth quarter. … 49ers cornerback Dontae Johnson injured his knee, and Shanahan said he would know more about the injury after he had an MRI on Monday.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
• Tensions bubbled to the surface this week with the disclosure that the White House had abandoned plans to nominate a prominent Korea expert, Victor Cha, as ambassador to South Korea. Mr. Cha had warned administration officials against a “preventive” military strike.
Video
When a refugee tale isn't true
• At a camp in Bangladesh for Rohingya Muslims fleeing Myanmar, one of our correspondents met children who were said to have arrived without their families.
“Within an hour, I had a notebook filled with the kind of quotes that pull at heartstrings,” she writes. “Little of it was true.”
To compete for relief supplies, refugees have learned to make their stories more dramatic. Crying babies get pushed to the front of the line.
• But false narratives devalue the very real horrors that have been inflicted upon the Rohingya by Myanmar's security forces. They also buttress the Myanmar government's contention that what is happening is not ethnic cleansing, as the international community suggests, but foreign trickery.
Photo
A new way to get the news
• Soon, you can experience Times journalism in three dimensions, just by picking up your smartphone.
Augmented reality technology will bring our report to you in a way that makes it more immediate than ever. Next week, for instance, you'll be able to see Winter Olympics athletes in 3-D, and from different angles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• You can start experimenting now. Here's more about what you'll need to use AR.
The Daily Listen to ‘The Daily': Talking With Scott Pruitt Mr. Pruitt, the E.P.A. chief, has been cast by environmentalists as an ideologue on a mission to destroy the very agency he runs. But he sees it differently. Audio
Business
• The U.S. economy added 200,000 jobs in January, the Labor Department announced today. The unemployment rate was at 4.1 percent, the same as in December and the lowest since 2000.
• The economic recovery is in its ninth year, but average hourly earnings are barely outpacing inflation, even in a tight job market. Several factors may be involved.
President Trump is claiming plenty of credit for positive economic signs. How much does he deserve? Our business columnist weighs in.
• Amazon has won two patents for a wristband that can nudge a human hand in the right direction — toward a warehouse bin, say.
• “My baby almost died.” A French dairy giant had to recall more than 7,000 tons of products, including baby formula, that were contaminated with salmonella.
Photo
• U.S. stocks were mixed on Thursday. Here's a snapshot of global markets today.
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
Smarter Living
Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
• Waiting months for a replacement iPhone battery? We have tips.
• These six steps can turn a setback into an advantage.
• Kitchen advice: Learn how to cut up almost anything without hurting yourself. Or grab a grater and make cacio e pepe.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Noteworthy
• Partisan writing you shouldn't miss
Writers from across the political spectrum discuss the secret Republican memo.
• The week in good news
It isn't all bad out there.
• Quiz time!
Did you keep up with this week's news? Test yourself.
• Ready for the weekend
In honor of Black History Month, our movie critics suggest 28 essential films that convey the larger history of black Americans in cinema.
We also suggest the weekend's best TV and round up new arrivals on streaming services.
For readers, here are 11 new books and the latest episode of our Book Review podcast.
And the Super Bowl is Sunday. We have predictions for the game (sorry, Philly) and for the halftime show, featuring Justin Timberlake.
Photo
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories, delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
• Best of late-night TV
Devin Nunes is not a lap dog, Jimmy Kimmel said. “He's more of a retriever.”
• Quotation of the day
“There's so much pressure to be a perfect immigrant. They basically want us to save babies from burning buildings, have a 5.0 GPA and become doctors. But I'm just teaching these tiny humans to be great Americans.”
— Karen Reyes, a special-education teacher who recently lost the legal protections for young immigrants known as Dreamers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• The Times, in other words
Here's an image of today's front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.
Backstory
Today is Groundhog Day, the annual event that celebrates weather-predicting rodents.
The Feb. 2 tradition predicting the arrival of spring actually predates any groundhog link, stretching back to the ancient Christian holiday of Candlemas. According to an old English rhyme:
“If Candlemas Day be fair and bright,
Winter will have another flight;
But if it is dark with clouds and rain,
Winter is gone, and will not come again.”
Photo
The idea arrived in the U.S. with European immigrants. Though there are many events, the most celebrated is in Punxsutawney, Pa.
Each year, a groundhog named Punxsutawney Phil emerges from his winter's nap at a place called Gobbler's Knob. (In fact, he's looking for a mate.)
According to a local groundhog club, Phil speaks in “Groundhogese,” a language understood only by the club president, who translates Phil's prediction.
This morning, Phil saw his shadow, meaning six more weeks of winter. If he hadn't, an early spring would've been on the way.
It's all in fun, of course. That's a good thing for the groundhog: Since 1887, according to one tally, he's been right only 39 percent of the time.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Charles McDermid contributed reporting.
_____
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.
Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.
What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.
You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Sunday through Friday. We have four global editions, timed for the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, and an Evening Briefing on weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.
An historic Sunderland building is set to be demolished to make way for five-storey student accommodation.
Proposals to turn the derelict former Speeding's Sailworks in Monkwearmouth into 68 student bedrooms go before a planning committee next week.
Former J Speeding Sailworks, Whickham Street, Sunderland.
And officers at Sunderland City Council have recommended the North Sunderland Development Control Sub-committee approves the plans, subject to conditions.
The late 19th century warehouse, in Whickham Street, is said in the planning report to be of ‘industrial heritage significance'.
Aside from the 68 en-suite rooms, the proposals designed by Fitz Architects, include 14 communal spaces over the five floors.
There are also plans for a parking area for four cars, including one disabled bay, as well as a large cycle storage area.
Subject to the imposition of relevant conditions, the proposal is considered to be acceptable Planning report
One letter of objection and a petition with 19 signatures has been received by the council.
The main concerns of nearby residents, include; the proximity to the adjacent retirement apartments; the possibility of asbestos in the building; lack of car parking; possibility of rats; potential accumulation of rubbish; and the likelihood of nearby residential properties being affected by noise from the development.
One of the conditions stipulates the careful removal of the stone sign which reads ‘J. Speeding & Co Sail Works' to be donated to Sunderland Museum.
Meanwhile, a second application to build student apartment on a large corner plot on the corner of North Bridge Street and Barclay Street, is facing refusal.
North Bridge Street, Sunderland.
Applicant Sunderland Accommodation Services's plan is to demolish the large detached Victorian property on the 712 sq.m. site, replacing it with 11 self-contained apartments, providing a total of 53 bedrooms.
The property lies immediately adjacent to Grade II listed Hebron Church and Barclay Lodge and opposite the Grade II* listed Monkwearmouth Station Museum.
Each flat would include a communal room with an open-plan kitchen, and all bedrooms would be en-suite.
One objection was received by a resident of nearby Howick Park, raising concerns over privacy, potential disturbance, traffic impact and right to light. It also questions the need for more student accommodation in the area.
The report concludes: “The proposals would lead to substantial harm to two Grade II listed buildings and less than substantial harm to one Grade II* listed building, by virtue of the loss of the existing building together with the unacceptable design, scale, massing and layout of the proposed building.”
The committee meets on Tuesday, April 25, at Sunderland Civic Centre.
VANCOUVER — Teachers have their pick of jobs in British Columbia, but the head of their union warns that some students are going without their specially trained educators who are covering substitute positions that districts haven't been able to fill.
B.C. Teachers Federation president Glen Hansman said students requiring one-on-one attention or support in small groups from special education teachers are shouldering the burden of staffing issues.
“The bulk of the time, it's the child who's supposed to be receiving special education services whoare unfairly having their program bumped that day,” Hansman said.
There was already a lack of substitutes before the shortage of teachers became a crisis in the current school year, he said, adding some school districts don't have enough special education teachers either.
“The students with special needs are legally entitled to those accommodations and we've been putting a big spotlight, as have parents, on the fact that the system has been underserving those students for many, many years.”
The Education Ministry couldn't say how many teachers are still needed across the province after a landmark Supreme Court of Canada ruling last year restored smaller class sizes and composition of classes after the previous Liberal government stripped those bargaining rights from teachers' contracts in 2002.
“Schools and districts are very near the end of hiring over 3,500 full-time teachers, the largest hiring campaign of teachers in B.C.'s history,” the ministry said in a statement.
A task force of education experts appointed to assess workforce challenges is expected to provide recommendations by the end of the month, it said.
Hansman said the starting salary for teachers in British Columbia is the second-lowest in Canada, after Quebec, so that's deterring people from moving to the province, where the high cost of housing is an issue.
He said the Coquitlam and Central Okanagan school districts were among those that “got out of the gate” early with hiring strategies after the top court's ruling.
He singled out the Vancouver School District for acting too slowly.
“Vancouver seems to be the number one star with not doing itself any favours when it came to recruiting people,” Hansman said.
David Nelson, associate superintendent of the Vancouver School District, said 470 teachers were hired last spring but many have resigned to work in other districts closer to where they live as jobs opened up.
“Our recruitment team has been working countless hours, evenings, weekends, as soon as we knew of the Supreme Court ruling and we did our very best to keep out in front of it,” he said. “But it's been hard to keep up when you're also seeing teachers leave on the other end.”
Nelson said a team of 10 people travelled to a Toronto recruitment fair of 4,800 teachers last month but only two people accepted jobs.
The district has implemented a $1,500 moving allowance as an incentive for anyone arriving from another province and is also looking into providing temporary home stays, Nelson said.
“So asking employees or individuals who work for the school board if they have a room or a suite they'd be willing to make available either for a short- or long-term to help a candidate in relocating,” he said.
Brent Mansfield was an elementary school teacher for three years before he left his job in 2010 to run a non-profit group but the long hours working from home and lack of social contact brought him back to his passion for teaching last June.
“It was a personal decision that came at a really strategic time,” he said.
“I actually found that within 24 hours of jobs closing, I'd had multiple offers, which never would have happened before,” Mansfield said, adding he got his first pick for a position at a school four blocks from his home in Vancouver, where he teaches grades 3 and 4.
“They have a school garden and I knew a couple of the teachers, and that was my dream.”
Several teachers at the school are recent graduates of the University of British Columbia, Mansfield said.
“That was almost unheard of,” he said of his previous stint in teaching. “That being said, the struggle on the opposite side is we're actually short of teachers so oftentimes when someone's sick it's actually a (special education teacher) who's covering. It's a little chaotic right now while the system gets settled down.”
— Follow @CamilleBains1 on Twitter.
Newcastle stumbles at Portman Road
Newcastle definitely don't like Mondays. Goals from Freddie Sears, David McGoldrick and Emyr Huws for Ipswich consigned the Magpies to their 11th consecutive away league defeat on a Monday and left Rafa Bentitez's side sweating on their promotion chances.
As is the norm these days Daryl Murphy did not celebrate when he netted the equaliser for Newcastle against his former club.
Ipswich players and fans certainly did rejoice on what was designated as Sir Bobby Robson Day.
The game started amidst a fabulous atmosphere generated by both sets of fans, in front of the highest crowd of the season at Portman Road, paying tribute to Sir Bobby, who managed both clubs.
Newcastle remains in an automatic promotion spot, but still have Huddersfield breathing down their necks, so this match was more about getting a result for now and their future prosperity than reminiscing, and they failed to do that.
For Ipswich, who Robson led to an FA Cup victory in 1978 and UEFA Cup final success three years later, this game was about ensuring survival in the Championship for a 15th successive season. Oh, how they have fallen since those glory days.
The post Newcastle stumble at Portman Road appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By ALEXANDRA OLSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK CITY (AP) - The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of his company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like "Pulp Fiction." After finding success with Oscar winners "The Artist" and "The King's Speech," the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie "Paddington 2" to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
the atkinson & marquart rifle co My brother is a disabled Vietnam vet and is looking to know what some of his guns are valued at. the atkinson & marquart rifle co he has is identified by it is inscribed on the top of the barrel just past the end of the scope. It is so finely written it is hard to see. Also the caliber is in the same way, 7 mmm Rem mag. It has a 3x9 Leupold scope with Redfield rings and bases. Any idea what he should try to sell it for?
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Friday played with the pronunciation of Puerto Rico as he saluted Hispanic Heritage Month at the White House.
Trump drew out the name in an accented fashion three times — “Pueeeeerto Rico” — telling the crowd, “We love Pueeeeerto Rico.” Then he said it without any accent: “And we also love Puerto Rico.”
That got a laugh from the crowd of Hispanic leaders gathered in the East Room of the White House, and Trump' s other statements of support for the recovering U.S. territories drew cheers.
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were walloped last month by Hurricane Maria and are struggling to recover. Trump visited Puerto Rico this week, and Vice-President Mike Pence toured St. Croix on Friday and was headed for Puerto Rico as well.
Trump has rankled Hispanics with his tough immigration policies, including building a border wall between the United States and Mexico, and he drew sharp criticism for his initial response to the toll Maria took on Puerto Rico. Critics have said the president was slow to recognize the magnitude of the hurricane's impact early on and has overstated the effectiveness of federal recovery efforts.
Last month, Trump signed a proclamation marking Sept. 15 to Oct. 15 as National Hispanic Heritage Month. In the proclamation, Trump mentioned that Hispanic-owned small businesses are the fastest growing businesses in America.
He moved from behind the microphone Friday to hug a Medal of Honor recipient in the crowd, and said that 60 Latinos in the Armed Forces have been awarded the Medal of Honor.
⚛️ 🚀 Introducing React-Static — A progressive static-site framework for React!
Why another static-site generator?
At Nozzle.io, we take SEO, site performance, and user/developer experience very seriously. Over the last year, we've launched many sites using different static site tools that claim to solve these goals, but we have yet to find one that satisfies our requirements completely. Though each tool was unique and useful in its own way, we managed to pare down our list to the two following libraries:
Next.js
Next is technically a “minimalistic framework for server-rendered React applications”, but just recently announced support for exporting to a static site. At first glance it looked like the easiest library to get started with, so we gave it a try. Initially, Next felt very promising. It can do exactly what it claims, which is export a Next.js app to a static site. How well that static site performs and how easily you can build that site is another story.
Pros
Very easy to get started
Well documented
Cons
Subpar developer experience for static functionality & no hot-reloading
Large per-page JS bundles, resulting in a lot of unnecessary duplicate code being downloaded.
Difficult root component customization
Destructive routing. This also means no routing animations, and no lifecycle purity, even for layout-level components. :(
Exporting was very slow. Most likely because it is creating a JS bundle per page.
Gatsby
Gatsby is a very popular static-site generator for React. Some very notable sites like reactjs.org and segment.io/blog are built using Gatsby, so it's definitely a library to be taken seriously. We, like many others, were drawn to it because of it's speed of export and navigation performance. After a very painful migration, it did get us even closer to where we wanted to be, but we still had a few hiccups:
Pros:
Fast browsing & exporting
Aggressive preloading
Intelligent code splitting (templates + page data)
Mature plugin ecosystem
Cons:
Gatsby is very configuration heavy and achieves most of that by relying on Gatsby plugins in node_modules and the local file-system. This made things feel more like Wordpress than React and, despite the fairly mature ecosystem of plugins, felt very hacky.
Using external data requires that you use an intermediary GraphQL database to query that content. This felt extremely superfluous given that our data was almost always coming from a CMS, and we didn't really see any extra value added to our ability to supply data to pages that we couldn't already do with javascript. Attempting to bypass this was a nightmare and honestly made us want to go back to Next.
Having our cake and eating it too.
We were finally realizing how much we had been spoiled building traditional apps with React and it became very clear to us at this point that we need something that behaves more like a React app and less like a Wordpress templating system. We also knew that we needed to ditch built-in proprietary connectors ASAP; being able to get your data from anywhere is important, but the ability to use and access that data in your site is paramount.
Most importantly, we needed a tool that would allow us to build things like an SPA and make us static-site superheroes without us even knowing.
The tool we started dreaming up just a few months ago made us feel more confident than ever that we could achieve a better experience for both users and developers, and bring the freedom we took for granted building React apps to a static-site-generator.
A framework designed to make our wildest static-site dreams come true and help everyone painlessly build next generation, high-performance websites for the web.
With react-static you can deliver an amazing experience for your users and developers alike, without compromising React in any way. It's insanely fast, touts fantastic SEO capabilities, and is probably the most React-friendly static-site library on the internet.
Let's get to it.
How does it work?
react-static starts by exporting a single JS bundle, which includes every template for your entire site. Next, it exports an HTML and JSON file for every route. Any of these routes can provide data to connected components that render on that page. To connect a component to this data, you use a convenient HOC called getRouteProps . The HTML files generated by react-static ensure that pages load instantly and are optimized for SEO. Once the page is loaded, your site invisibly and instantly transitions to your React app. At this point, navigating around your app will feel instantaneous because only the necessary JSON for the next page is prefetched prior to displaying it.
Why is this so great?
Painless development & migration. There are very few differences (or changes to be made, if migrating) when compared to apps created with create-react-app, or any other standard react build system. And, if you're already using React-Router, you likely won't have to change anything at all!
There are very few differences (or changes to be made, if migrating) when compared to apps created with create-react-app, or any other standard react build system. And, if you're already using React-Router, you likely won't have to change anything at all! Redux, Lifecycle Security, Route Animations & more! react-static doesn't use any strange routing techniques or custom lifecycle methods, which means there is absolutely no dangerouslySetInnerHTML , ReactDOM.render() , or any other destructive methods being used for navigation. It's just good old React, so you can thoroughly rely on everything functioning how you would normally expect it to, including component lifecycles and state managers.
doesn't use any strange routing techniques or custom lifecycle methods, which means there is absolutely no , , or any other destructive methods being used for navigation. It's just good old React, so you can thoroughly rely on everything functioning how you would normally expect it to, including component lifecycles and state managers. Data & Query Agnostic. You've worked hard enough producing and organizing all of the data for your website, so the last thing you need is some superfluous GraphQL layer or custom component lifecycle lodging itself between your data and your pages. With react-static , supplying and using your data is as simple. Fetch it at build time, supply it to your routes, and use the getRouteProps HOC. It's heavenly, and it also makes testing your data and your components a breeze.
You've worked hard enough producing and organizing all of the data for your website, so the last thing you need is some superfluous GraphQL layer or custom component lifecycle lodging itself between your data and your pages. With , supplying and using your data is as simple. Fetch it at build time, supply it to your routes, and use the HOC. It's heavenly, and it also makes testing your data and your components a breeze. Lean builds for today and 2 years from now. react-static 's approach to code-splitting ensures your page data is optimized and stored separately from your JS bundle as JSON files. This means the main JS bundle will not grow in size with the amount of content on your site. Not only does this significantly improve build times for sites small and large, but also decreases the amount of duplicate code required to be downloaded by the client. All of this means faster browsing for your users, and more productivity for the developer.
See it in action!
Visit Nozzle.io to see it in action!
Get started in 60 seconds
Install react-static as a global:
$ yarn global add react-static
# or
$ npm install -g react-static
Create a new project:
$ react-static create
Follow the instructions and start hacking!
Built with ❤️ from Nozzle.io
The Trump family's first year of hosting the annual White House Easter Egg Roll showcased first lady Melania Trump as storyteller.
Following her husband's opening remarks to an estimated 21,000 guests gathered on the South Lawn, the first lady referred to the event as a “wonderful tradition.”
Greeting the crowd and blowing a whistle to kick off the 139th Easter Egg Roll, Melania Trump then sat with a handful of kids and read “Party Animals.”
The first lady told the group of children that the book, written in 2010 by Kathie Lee Gifford, “shows that we are all different, but we are all alike.”
TULSA, Okla. — The Latest on a Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
Delta Air Lines is apologizing to customers whose plans were delayed because a flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta had to land in Tulsa, Oklahoma, due to what it described as an unruly passenger.
Delta spokesman Anthony Black says flight 1156 landed “without incident” and that there were 172 passengers and six crew members onboard the Boeing 737-900.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says the plane landed about 11:30 a.m. Wednesday and the passenger was removed. Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency was investigating but referred other questions to the U.S. Attorney's office.
——
1:50 p.m.
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
Higgins said the aircraft was refuelling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta.
Dickson moves to actualise $20bn Brass LNG project
Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa State has moved to actualise the $20 billion Brass LNG project in the state, in line with his campaign promise to continuously attract investments to the state.
At an interaction with Dr. Jackson Gaius- Obaseki, Chairman, Board of Directors of Brass LNG project, in Lagos, Governor Dickson declared the total commitment of the government and people of Bayelsa State to bring the project to fruition in the shortest possible time.
The governor said that the government will do everything possible to ensure that the project stays on course.
As part of his commitment to the project, the governor said Bayelsa State Government had already allotted an office space to Brass LNG at the Investment Towers in Yenagoa to facilitate the sharing of investable information.
He said: “I am passionate about the Brass LNG project because it will boost the economy of Bayelsa State and the Niger Delta in general by creating jobs for over 18 thousand people at the peak of construction alone, for the project also has licenses for seaport, airport and Free Trade Zone.
“The provision of job opportunities will engender development in the region, reduce youth restiveness, crime and above all, build peace amongst communities.”
The multiplier effect of all of these is that, the Brass LNG project will complement our vision of taking Bayelsa State to the world and bringing the world to Bayelsa State.”
The governor promised to collaborate and partner the Federal Government to create the enabling environment and provide the needed political will for the successful take-off of the project within the shortest possible time.
The post Dickson moves to actualise $20bn Brass LNG project appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Pusha T and Drake's beef escalated in a big way last night, with Pusha releasing his scathing return-fire diss track, “The Story Of Adidon,” on Funkmaster Flex's show to general uproar concerning the controversial and salacious content of his vitriolic rhymes. It's no surprise, then, that the first question he was asked upon calling into Power 105.1's Breakfast Club radio show was “Do you feel bad?”
Of course, Pusha has cold-heartedly claimed to be an unrepentant veteran of the drug game, so if he could sell life-ruining product to people's mothers face-to-face, there's even less surprise in his understated answer: “No. Why should I?”
He went on to explain the provenance of the photo he used to front the release of “Adidon,” elaborating that the photo came from an old shoot with photographer David Leyes, who claimed that the shoot was Drake's idea. While the concept of the shoot itself was conveniently unexplained, Pusha questioned Drake's intent and threw further darts regarding the rumored child his rival is supposedly keeping secret in France. “I don't even hang with my friends who have child support issues,” he joked, before hinting that he might have more revelations in the future. “I'm not censoring myself. There's more content if it's needed.”
RIDING THE SAME TRACK: Readers say there has been a lot of confusion and frustration over trainee positions with the Rattler revival project.
TRAINING programs and job agencies in the region have been questioned following confusion over upcoming work on the Rattler revival which left Gympie job seekers in limbo.
About 60 people found they had to apply for a job they believed they already had, after they were told the company they were training (and had believed they had secured work) with did not have the tender for the work.
While one trainee, Dane McLaren, said the company had mentioned it had not yet been awarded the tender at the start of the training program, many other trainees disagreed.
According to Chad Hooper, "(they) didn't say that to everyone, quite obviously they didn't”.
Joel Carter said the process had left him in a potentially worse position than before.
"I worked on the earlier section and have been waiting months to get back to work with severe financial hardship bearing down on me.
"I've constantly been given false start dates and told I have nothing to worry about,” he said.
"Now others that haven't even set foot on that job site have been put ahead of the original four who started the project.
"I'm left with an incomplete resume to apply for a job that I have been guaranteed for the last three months.”
Mr Carter was not the only one to find himself wondering about his future prospects.
"After two months of not actually knowing when we start, just being told 'late July early August' and finally after two months of nothing I get a call saying they've lost the contract but someone else has it now and I have to reapply,” Jarril Tolhurst said.
Jeremy Puttner said it was a sadly familiar tune often played in the region.
"Sounds so much like the jobs market of Gympie,” he said.
"Get funding for training, apply for grants but no jobs... even the training offered is under-par.
"But apparently there's a skills shortage, blah blah.”
Rene van Dyk said it was not only familiar to the region, but also to the project.
"Here we go again,” he said.
"Total mismanagement led to the last crisis.
"Now we let them do it again.”
An editorial from the Toronto Star, published March 16:
So how might Doug Ford comport himself as premier of Ontario, should he win the provincial election in June?
As that staple of amateur psychoanalysis has it, the best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour. But the cliche is not precisely accurate. There are caveats.
High-frequency behaviour is more predictive than infrequent behaviour. Past behaviour is usually predictive of future conduct only over short intervals. The situations for the past and predicted behaviour should be similar. And the person in question must remain essentially unchanged.
On the face of it, the new Progressive Conservative leader's experience as a Toronto city councillor from 2010 to 2014 is recent enough, similar enough and produced behaviours recurring enough to serve as a rough guide.
Two books on the Rob Ford years — Mayor Rob Ford: Uncontrollable, by former chief of staff Mark Towhey, and The Only Average Guy by city councillor John Filion — offer insider accounts of Doug's temperament.
In all, they provide a study in presumption, impulsiveness, indiscipline, indiscretion, bullying and an inability to put the team first.
For all the Ford talk of business experience, “Rob and Doug had no idea how to” staff the office after Rob's election, Towhey wrote.
It was also soon apparent that Doug wasn't motivated solely by the opportunity to serve, but a desire to wield power at elite levels. “If you think I came down here just to be the councillor from Ward 2, you've got another think coming!” he reportedly yelled at Towhey and former Ford adviser Nick Kouvalis.
Doug acted as if entitled to a rank and authority he hadn't earned, Towhey wrote, and would sit “at the head of the table, in the mayor's seat, and hold court.”
During the transition to the Ford administration, Doug was an unreliable presence, Towhey said. He “popped in and out” of meetings, usually late. “He expected us to go back to the beginning to bring him up to speed.” He'd participate for 10 or 15 minutes, then step out to make a call. “We wouldn't see him again until he popped into another meeting later in the day, or the week.”
Furthermore, the mayor's staff believed Doug to be the source of leaks. “We began to guard our conversations around Doug,” Towhey wrote, and changed the topic whenever he arrived.
During the early going, Doug's impulsiveness caused his brother numerous problems, Towhey said. “Doug was shooting from the hip and picking fights we didn't need.”
He got into slanging matches with the likes of Margaret Atwood over public libraries and, later, the chief of police. In 2011, he dreamed up a Disneyfication scheme for the waterfront that became an instant laughingstock.
To Towhey, the new PC leader was a bully, even to his brother. “If Rob ignored Doug, Doug would pummel him with endless calls and tenacious harassment. Often Rob would cry uncle, telling us ‘I can't handle one more call from him. Just do it'.”
As with many who demand utter loyal, Doug Ford was mistrustful of most everyone. “I only trust the person I shave in the morning,” he told Filion. “That's it. And I nick him sometimes too.”
Doug once told Filion, in the run-up to his 2014 mayoral run against John Tory, that “you've never seen the vicious side of me. You watch.”
For all that, while Ford might be challenged by the quotidian details of governing, he is apt to thrive on the campaign trail, where salesmanship, partisanship and an ability to get under an opponent's skin are virtues.
“He can deliver a message with devastating simplicity,” Filion wrote. “He'll win you over with generous words and a megawatt smile, all the while observing your every move, ready to pounce.”
Still, Doug Ford's track record in city government provides ammunition for his current opponents. It's not for nothing, after all, that Premier Kathleen Wynne used the word “reckless” to describe Ford's proposal this week to privatize cannabis sales in the province.
There's always the possibility, of course, that the trauma of his brother's premature death has changed Doug Ford. His comportment on the PC leadership campaign was more restrained.
But his demeanour this week during a CBC Ottawa radio interview with host Robyn Bresnahan was entirely consistent with the man Towhey and Filion described. Ford boasted. He bristled with anger. He baited and belittled the host. He balked at being asked to explain contradictions in his proposals.
Bresnahan asked how Ford could cut as much spending as he claims without cutting jobs. “Very simple. You haven't done it. I've done it. That's the difference. Next question.”
It was a burst of condescending man-splaining that may well have had many female listeners rolling their eyes.
As both the Rob Ford experience in Toronto, and current events in the United States make clear, there's a vast difference between having the salesmanship to win an election and the competence and temperament required to govern.
Ontario voters, presumably, will be hoping to see a little more of the latter from the new PC leader.
As has been shown over and over again, when simplicity trumps experience, administrative expertise and policy mastery, chaos ensues. We have been warned.
Alessandro Costacurta has confirmed holding talks with Carlo Ancelotti but insists they did not discuss the prospect of him taking over as Italy coach.
It was reported early on Tuesday that Italian Football Federation commissioner Roberto Fabbricini, along with vice-commissioner Costacurta, spoke with Ancelotti at a Rome hotel.
The former Real Madrid and Bayern Munich boss has long been linked with taking over the national team, who have been led by interim coach Luigi Di Biagio since February.
Costacurta says they did speak with Ancelotti but claims it was purely coincidence that they were in the same hotel at the same time.
"We respect the rules. We talked about something else with Ancelotti," he told Sky Sport 24.
"Carlo was in Rome for personal reasons. The chosen hotel was the one where I always stay and we met there. We haven't talked about the Azzurri bench, we only joked about the opportunity. We couldn't talk about the programme and the financial side.
TOP CANDIDATES TO REPLACE WENGER AT ARSENAL
"Since we're loyal to the rules, we talked about something else. It's true there's a vision in which we can see Carlo, like others, on the national team's bench, but the rules are important and we must follow them.
"We need people to make themselves available. We can't get close to coaches under contract.
"There will be a meeting. I confirm the date of May 20 to choose the national team coach."
Fabbricini had earlier stressed that the meeting was not an official discussion, even though the FIGC consider Ancelotti a candidate.
ANCELOTTI EYEING CLUB JOB
"Ancelotti has a fairly serious family problem, and that's why he was in Rome," he told Radio Crc. "Costacurta, having a strong friendship with Ancelotti, met him and I also took part in that meeting.
"We talked about a future scenario though, but we still have a coach under contract.
"I don't think a coach can rule out a prestigious job like leading Italy. The Azzurri bench is always an objective for any coach.
"But, of course, there are other factors which affect the decision: the desire to work every day, for example."
Workspace ONE Unified Endpoint Management (UEM) provides a modern cloud-first approach to managing Windows patches leveraging the Windows as a service model. Traditional, operating system upgrades occurred every few years and required admins to perform an in-place upgrade or wipe and reload methods which were very time consuming and doesn't work in today's rapidly changing world. In contrast, the Windows as a service model pushes periodic operating system and feature updates. Windows 10 updates occur on a frequent and dynamic basis to ensure that end users always have access to up-to-date operating system features. We take a look at how to create distribution rings and manage patches in Workspace ONE. Demo begins at 11:52.
VMware End-User Computing (EUC) solutions empower the digital workspace by simplifying app & access management, unifying endpoint management & transforming Windows delivery.
Follow the VMware EUC Blog to learn more: https://blogs.vmware.com/euc.
This video is from the fine folks at VMware EUC.
If your kids are still riding high on Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom euphoria after watching the movie at the cinema, satiate their hunger for all things dino at Dinosaur Kingdom, a mobile dino-themed entertainment park that will be set-up at various locations around Malaysia.
The first location is at Setia Ecohill, Semenyih where visitors can come on over starting 14 June 2018 until 8 July 2018. Organised by Themepaktu, Dinosaur Kingdom consists of more than 25 attractions that can be enjoyed by young and old alike.
The main attraction at the Themepaktu Dinosaur Kingdom is the 40-minutes live show, featuring dinosaur animatronics depicting exciting scenes set in the Jurassic age. You and your kids can also explore the Raptor Maze, ride a Dinosaur Bumper Boat in “The Swamp”, join a drift race,or climb up to a Pterosaur's Nest, among other interactive activities to be enjoyed here.
With attractions such as a baby dinosaur trail to scope out, a triceratops train ride to go on, and raptor races to test your riding skills and dexterity, it's a great opportunity to get the kids away from their gadgets and have an amazing time getting physically active in the outdoors. So if you're thinking about where to bring the kids to during this Hari Raya school holidays, consider a trip to Dinosaur Kingdom to be included in your plans.
Themepaktu Dinosaur Kingdom
Duration: 14 June until 8 July 2018
Opening Hours: 12 pm to 10.30 pm daily
Entrance fee: RM30 per person (includes entry to the park, exhibition, Live Show, Education Hub and Fossil Site)
Tokens for rides: RM3 per token, also available in 10-token packs and Entrance + 10 Tokens package for RM30
Go to themepaktu.com for more information.
A North York resident faces smuggling charges after border guards at the Peace Bridge stopped a woman with $37,000 hidden on her body.
On January 25, according assistant U.S. attorney Aaron Mango, a woman told Customs and Border Protection officers she was coming to Buffalo and staying for a few days to go shopping at a mall.
When asked how much money she was traveling with, the defendant said she had $5,000.
However, during subsequent searches, officers discovered she was carrying $37,000 in U.S. currency around her waist and in her pants. She also had a list of names and money wire transfer locations in the Buffalo, N.Y. area.
Charged with bulk cash smuggling is Liliya Dzyuba, 42, of North York. The charge carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Instead, here's what a fair system might look like: Congress should empower an independent arbiter to investigate complaints — like a Government Accountability Office, with trained experts in the field. Clearly understood mechanisms for reporting should be established. A timetable should be set that ensures complaints receive a prompt response. Both the accuser and the accused could submit questions and would have access to trained advocates and free legal consultation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The independent arbiter would then make a nonbinding proposal addressing what happened and what should be done. It could include a call to resign or for censure, or a range of other responses tailored to the findings.
This isn't just about Senator Franken. Other lawmakers have also been accused of harassment. We need a system to deal with that messy reality, and the current one of investigating those complaints is opaque, takes too long and has not worked to protect vulnerable women and men from harassment. And the current alternative — off with the head of the accused, regardless of the accusation — is too quick, too easily subject to political manipulation and too vulnerable to the passions of the moment.
We don't have the system I'm suggesting. But that doesn't mean we should give up on process. On Nov. 30, a Senate ethics panel announced the beginning of an investigation into the allegations against Senator Franken. It should run its course, and we should see the results. Then we'll know whether his planned resignation was warranted.
With time, and the existing ethics procedures, things are likely to emerge that will surprise us all. New facts may put Senator Franken in a better light, or a far worse one, and we should be open to both.
Elections are different. Voters have a responsibility to make a judgment with whatever facts are available on Election Day. In the case of Roy Moore, voters in Alabama ought to take the very serious accusations into account. But if Mr. Moore is elected to the Senate, he should immediately be subject to the same kind of ethics inquiry that I am recommending for Senator Franken.
Finally, the nature of the behaviors matter, too. Proportionality means that after investigating, Congress should fully consider the best response to the revealed conduct.
My first job out of law school was representing people on death row in North Carolina, where I often saw the impact of hasty prosecutions. I represented a man on death row whose lawyers had spent all of eight hours looking into his claim of innocence. I met men whose lawyers had never looked into their backgrounds. I also lived in the legal environment that produced the Duke University lacrosse case, in which three students were falsely accused of rape by the prosecutor in the case, who was later disbarred for his conduct. The quick rush to public condemnation of the players, fueled by the media, ended up hurting the accuser and the accused.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As citizens, we should all be willing to stay ambivalent while the facts are gathered and we collect our thoughts. While the choice to fire the television hosts Charlie Rose and Matt Lauer were the choices of private companies, condemning a sitting lawmaker is a public choice and one our representatives should make judiciously.
VANCOUVER — A recent study looking at iPhone's built-in pedometers is a step toward using the tool as a clinical intervention in improving people's health, a University of B.C. researcher said.
Smartphones pose an opportunity for researchers to gather objective data on the public's health and physical activity but before they can be used, the accuracy of the devices need to be tested, lead author Mark Duncan said in an interview Saturday.
“This was very much a first step to make sure that we understand what the data looks like and how well it represents the actual behaviour,” he said.
The study involved 33 participants testing the phones in regular living conditions and in a lab.
Comparing users' step count on the iPhone pedometer with an accelerometer worn on their waists in their day-to-day life, the study found the iPhone was underestimating the number of steps by 21.5 per cent or 1,340 steps.
The phones fared better in lab tests where accuracy was within five per cent when users walked at a normal pace.
At a slow pace of only 2.5 kilometres an hour, the accuracy of the phones dropped between 7.6 and 9.4 per cent.
Duncan said the discrepancy is likely due to people forgetting to carry their phones at all times.
“If someone goes off to the washroom or to the kitchen and leaves their phone on their desk, obviously it's not going to count those steps,” he said.
While the accuracy of the device isn't strong enough to be a primary research tool, Duncan said the information is valuable for the average user interested in improving their health.
“If your goal is the standard 10,000 steps per day and the phone says you've completed that, chances are you've done a bit more which is not a bad thing for your health,” he said.
It could also be a tool for physicians to monitor and prescribe more activity to their patients, especially as more Canadians carry smartphones.
“There is quite a lot of research saying physicians want to be able to prescribe more physical activity and help their patients to become more physically active but they lack the time and the tools to do so,” he said. “This is potentially one tool that a health care provider could use to both assess physical activity and tell their patients to use it as a tool to increase their physical activity.”
He said now that researchers understand the accuracy of the devices, they can begin testing whether it's effective to use smartphone pedometers as a motivational tool to increase a user's physical activity.
Smartphones could also be used to compliment other studies by providing an indicator of participants' past level of physical activity. Duncan said a challenge with trials is that some people increase their level of activity because researchers are monitoring them, skewing outcomes, and having that historic data can help flag a change in behaviour.
The study was published last month in the Journal of Sports Sciences.
–Follow @Givetash on Twitter.
Regardless of whether you curse cyclists on a daily basis, a lycra-wearing red-light skipping two wheeled menace, or just someone who prefers to travel in something other than a car, you have to admit this story is pretty funny. The fourth day of this year's Tour of Britain is set to begin in central Mansfield - a town that ordinarily bans cyclists from its streets.
Mansfield District Council has been enforcing the ban since last year, in an attempt to curb anti social behaviour. And presumably deal with the cyclists who think the rules don't apply to them. While riding a two-wheeler is against the law, the rules state that cyclists can dismount and wheel their bikes around instead.
Presumably this particular rule will be lifted for anyone participating in the race, although watching cyclists start the race on foot might make for some amusing television.
The Tour of Britain is set to start in Edinburgh on 3rd September, and will run finish in Cardiff a week later. The Mansfield leg of the race will take place on September 6th. [London Evening Standard]
More Locations Posts:
Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey says he "can't wait" to work under new head coach Unai Emery.
The former Paris Saint-Germain boss was appointed as successor to Arsene Wenger this month, with chief executive Ivan Gazidis describing him as the "ideal person" to take the club forward.
Ramsey has only a year left on his contract and has failed to come to an agreement over an extension.
However, his optimism around Emery's appointment suggests he could be prepared to commit his future to the Gunners.
Asked if he was looking forward to working with Emery, he said: "Of course. I haven't spoken to him at all yet, but I think it's an exciting time for the club.
"I can't wait to get back there now."
Ramsey was speaking after Wales' goalless friendly draw with Mexico, in which he admits he had to play through the pain of an ankle injury after captain Ashley Williams was forced off 21 minutes in.
"I rolled my ankle but I'd taken the armband from Ash and I thought I had to stay on and do my bit for the team," said the 27-year-old.
"It wasn't the best surface in the world and my ankle is a bit sore.
"Hopefully, there will be no lasting damage and it will settle down over the next few days."
Texomans got a little spicy to support our men and women in uniform at the second annual Wichita County Sheriff David Duke's Dynamite Chili Fest on Saturday. (Source: RNN Texoma)
Texomans got a little spicy to support our men and women in uniform at the second annual Wichita County Sheriff David Duke's Dynamite Chili Fest on Saturday.
The event was held at Elks Lodge 1105 on Seymour Road.
All the chili fixin's foodies crave and love were there.
There was also a chili cookoff, a silent auction and some baked sweets.
The money raised from the event will fund Wichita County Alumni Association's Memorial Project. The project honors fallen Wichita County deputies and volunteer firefighters.
"We're coming closer and closer to reaching our goal," WCSO Communication Services Deputy Melvin Joyner said. "It's going to be well over a $200,000 project and I'm certainly looking forward to getting that built. we do want to thank the public for coming out and support us.">
"I'll tell you what's great," Sheriff David Duke said. "It gets cold this time of year so people come out for the chili but people want to get involved. This community loves being involved in things like this."
The memorial will stand in front of the east lawn of the county courthouse.
Deputy Joyner said they hope to have it built around the time the new jail and jail annex opens.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma. All Rights Reserved.
CCT acquits Saraki of false assets declaration charge
Senate President Bukola Saraki was yesterday at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) cleared of the false assets declaration charge preferred against him.
Upholding Saraki's “no-case submission”, the tribunal said the prosecution failed to discharge the burden of proof placed on it under the law.
In a unanimous ruling, the two-man tribunal held that the defence discredited the prosecution's evidence during cross-examination.
In his lead ruling, CCT Chairman Justice Danladi Yakubu Umar said the prosecution failed to establish a prima facie case against Saraki to warrant his being called to defend himself.
Umar faulted the evidence of the third prosecution witness, Samuel Madojemu (Head of Investigation at the Code of Conduct Bureau, CCB) that he received oral instructions to join a team from other agencies to investigate Saraki.
In a swift reaction, Sarki described his acquittal as a vindication.
Madojemu's evidence that the report of the investigation team comprising men of the Economic and Financial Commission (EFCC), Department of State Services (DSS) and CCB was made orally could not be relied upon to sustain the charges against Saraki, the tribunal chairman said.
Such a team of investigators, Umar declared, was not known to law.
He said Madojemu was unhelpful to the prosecution when he (Madojemu) claimed that all information in the affidavit in support of the 18-count charge was based on information supplied to him by an undisclosed team of investigators.
Umar said what the EFCC tendered before the tribunal was more of a product of intelligence gathering than of conventional investigation.
According to him, it is wrong of the investigators not to have invited the defendant to make a statement so that the truth can be unearthed as it relates to the allegations against him and the discrepancies noticed in his assets declaration forms.
Umar said: “From the simple analysis of the evidence of the prosecution, we find it difficult to accept the seriousness of the witnesses. All the evidence was so discredited, unreliable that no reasonable court will attach probate value to them.
“Since the essential ingredients of all the charges were not proved as required by law, this tribunal has no option to discharge and acquit the defendant in view of the manifestly unreliable evidence of the prosecution witnesses.”
Concurring with the ruling, the tribunal's sole member, Williams Atedze Agwadza, said: “The formulation of the 18-count charge was based on the affidavit-evidence of Mr. Madojemu of the CCB.
“His testimony and affidavit evidence later became an affliction and an epidemic that befell the prosecution because they were based on mere hearsays”
Agwadza said Madojemu's affidavit-evidence was inadmissble under Sections 37, 38 and 126 of the Evidence Act.
He said the team referred to by Madojemu comprising operatives of the EFCC, DSS and CCB is unknown to law.
He added that the team has no constitutional or statutory backing to have done what it did.
The prosecution, Agwadza said, failed to produce material evidence including the defendant's statement and the original copies of his assets declaration forms.
He noted: “Evidence to establish an offence must be such that has probate value. Another fatal error on the part of the complainant was the failure to obtain the statement of the defendant.”
The prosecution, he said, failed to call vital witnesses to “effectively link the defendant to the offences charged”.
Agwadza noted that while the prosecution alleged that Saraki was earning salary from the Kwara State government even as a Senator, it (prosecution) failed to call the state's Accountant-General to prove that allegation.
In criminal prosecution, he said, the onus was on the prosecution to prove its case, adding that where it fails in that duty, the defence could not be called to prove its innocence.
“My humble conclusion is that the defendant in this case has no case to answer and he is accordingly discharged and acquitted,” Agwadza said.
The post CCT acquits Saraki of false assets declaration charge appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur are tracking on-loan Valencia midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia, according to the Daily Mail.
The Premier League duo are reportedly keen to sign the 24-year-old, who is on a season-long stint at the Mestalla from parent club Inter Milan.
Italian publication Tutto Mercato Web claims Liverpool and Spurs have both sent scouts to watch the defensive midfielder in action in Spain.
But their efforts could be wasted, because Valencia claim to have an option to convert the loan deal into a £22m permanent deal next summer.
Jurgen Klopp and Mauricio Pochettino will only be able to wait to see if Valencia take up that option. At present, it seems highly likely that they will.
Kondogbia, who is a France international but hasn't played for Les Bleus since 2015, has made an impressive start to his loan spell. He has started five games and helped Valencia to third in La Liga.
He started his career at Lens, before joining Sevilla in 2012. He moved back to France with Monaco in 2013 and was signed by Inter for €40m in June 2015.
PITTSBURGH — West Virginia coach Bob Huggins made it a point to schedule back-to-back games against No. 15 Virginia and Pittsburgh to give the 18th-ranked Mountaineers a taste of what awaits when Big 12 play begins in three weeks.
“I was trying to prepare them and we flunked that test,” Huggins said.
Well, maybe not technically. It just sort of felt that way to Huggins after his team nearly let a 20-point lead get away before holding on for a 69-60 over the Panthers on Saturday night in the renewal of the “Backyard Brawl.”
“This is getting to be finals week,” Huggins said. “I hope they do better on their finals than they did tonight.”
The Mountaineers (9-1) forced just 14 turnovers, were outrebounded by six and sent the Panthers to the free-throw line 31 times. Only Jevon Carter's occasional brilliance and some lockdown defence over the final 5 minutes prevented a staggering upset.
“They kicked our butt on the glass,” Huggins said. “I wasn't surprised. I told our guys for two days that's what I was afraid was going to happen.”
Carter finished with a game-high 19 points but also ran into foul trouble in the second half, watching as the Panthers nearly erased all of an 18-point halftime deficit. Daxter Miles Jr. added 15 points and Lamont West finished with 13 points and 10 rebounds and the Mountaineers won their ninth straight following a season-opening loss to Texas A&M.
Still, work remains to be done. Pitt pulled within 61-59 when Marcus Carr completed a 4-point play with 5:31 left. The Panthers, however, never got any closer. Pitt missed its last six shots and turned it over twice as West Virginia escaped.
“We knew that we could beat this team,” said Carr, who finished with 12 points. “It was a matter of time of putting it all together. We still didn't play our best (but) it's another step in the right direction.”
Ryan Luther overcame early foul trouble to lead Pitt (5-5) with 13 points and 12 rebounds. Shamiel Stevenson added 12 points for the Panthers, who dissected West Virginia's defence in the second half after shooting just 5 of 22 (23 per cent) in the first half.
“We got our butts kicked in the first half,” Pitt coach Kevin Stallings said. “Guys of lesser character would have put their heads between their legs and thought the night was over … I couldn't have asked any more out of them than they gave.”
The 185th meeting between the schools featured the programs in two very different places. The Mountaineers are a legitimate threat to challenge No. 2 Kansas in the Big 12, while the Panthers were picked to finish last in the ACC while undergoing what could be a lengthy rebuilding process.
Still, old habits die hard. Pitt offered a promotion that included “13-9” decals to customers if they bought a Panthers cap, the score of Pitt's epic football upset of the Mountaineers a decade ago that kept West Virginia out of the Bowl Championship Series title game.
Then the game started and the punch Stallings told his team would come courtesy of the Mountaineers' pressure defence arrived. West Virginia dominated at times during the opening 20 minutes. Carter went on a personal 12-0 run at one point and it seemed as if West Virginia was going to pull away.
It didn't happen. Kham Davis hit a 3-pointer on Pitt's first possession of the second half and pumped his fist at the Panthers bench, starting a wave that crested with Carr's 4-point play.
“We don't take too much consolation in a loss,” Luther said. “I thought we stuck together. We played extremely hard. If we keep snowballing, keep getting better in practice we'll be better when conference play starts.”
ALMOST HEAVEN?
The crowd of 7,748 was the largest of the season at the Petersen Events Center, though a considerable portion came courtesy of folks in blue-and-gold who made the short 70-mile trip from Morgantown.
“It sounded like a home game honestly,” Carter said.
BIG PICTURE
West Virginia: The Mountaineers will have trouble in the Big 12 if the games are called tight. The offence needed either Carter or Miles on the court (and preferably both) to be functional. That will require them staying out of the kind of foul trouble they ran into in the second half.
Pitt: The Panthers are showing signs of progress. Measuring improvement in wins and losses could be difficult for a roster filled with nine freshmen, but Pitt's effort and savvy in the second half provided concrete evidence the players are buying into whatever Stallings is selling.
UP NEXT
West Virginia: has a week off then hosts Wheeling Jesuit in an exhibition game on Dec. 16.
Pitt: welcomes McNeese State on Dec. 16.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
In Indonesia: Tourist boat blaze kills 23
Another 17 people were missing and 194 were rescued following the blaze which started with an explosion in the engine room
A massive fire erupted in a boat carrying hundreds of local tourists to an island north of the Indonesian capital Jakarta Sunday, leaving at least 23 dead and 17 injured, officials said.
Passengers panicked and jumped into the sea as flames and smoke rapidly engulfed the Zahro Express shortly after it left port to head to the popular holiday island of Tidung, the national disaster agency said.
Another 17 people were missing and 194 were rescued following the blaze which started with an explosion in the engine room that the transport ministry said was accidental and could have been caused by an electrical fault.
"Fifteen minutes after the boat set sail, people at the back of the boat started making noise," a female passenger Evi, who gave only one name, told local station Metro TV.
"Then I saw smoke, there was more and more, the boat was crowded and people were fighting for life jackets."
Another survivor, Juju Rukminingsih, told how someone took her son's life jacket just as he was about to jump from the boat.
"When we wanted to go, I panicked because I saw my son jump off the boat without a (life jacket) because somebody else had taken it," she told a local TV station.
Passing fisherman plucked many of the passengers, all of whom were believed to be Indonesians, to safety and firefighting boats were deployed to put out the blaze.
It was just the latest fatal maritime accident in the vast Indonesian archipelago, which relies heavily on boats to ferry people round its 17,000 islands but has a patchy safety record.
Search efforts continue
After the blaze was extinguished, the boat returned to port and rescuers searched through the fire-blackened vessel, which had been heading to the island 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the capital and part of the Thousand Islands archipelago.
Vessels from several government agencies scoured the sea in the hunt for survivors while the Jakarta governor visited the injured at a local hospital.
A manifest had indicated there were around 100 passengers on the vessel but as rescuers plucked passengers from the stricken vessel it became apparent the figure was far higher in a country where overcrowding on boats is common.
"The boat's manifest says there are around 100 people on board, but obviously that's wrong, so we are still searching," national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told AFP.
The agency said that the tourists were likely heading to Tidung to celebrate the New Year.
The Thousand Islands, many of which are just a couple of hours by boat from Jakarta, are a popular weekend getaway for residents of the teeming, overcrowded capital of more than 10 million inhabitants.
Fatal boat accidents are common in Indonesia.
In September a tourist boat on the resort island of Bali exploded, killing two foreigners and injuring about 20 others.
At least 54 people died in November when an overcrowded speedboat carrying three crew and 98 passengers — mostly Indonesian migrant workers — struck a reef and sank on its way from Malaysia to Batam.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One woman's play-by-play of a potential love connection has lit up like a firework this Fourth of July.
Rosey Blair first took to Twitter early Tuesday morning when she said she switched seats on a flight to Dallas with a fellow female passenger.
"Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together," Blair wrote in the tweet. "We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread."
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
Her Twitter thread detailed every move made between the seat-mates (and potential soul-mates).
Blair shared a series of photos with captions detailing everything from what they discussed to slight elbow movements to the food they shared mid-flight. The images were originally posted to her Instagram story.
She said she heard both the unnamed man and woman say "they're both personal trainers," and later added that the man used to play professional soccer.
Both of them appeared to be single according to Blair, who wrote that there were "no wedding rings in sight," giving her and her own husband hope for a potential match.
The series of Tweets has garnered nearly 240,000 retweets and over 590,000 likes as of the time of this story's publication.
Other users followed the Twitter thread closely and began replying photos to Blair, confirming to her how invested they were in finding out more details.
Upon landing in Dallas, Blair took a photo of the pair walking closely together at the baggage claim area.
Blair said her boyfriend, who was also on the flight, found the fellow passengers' Instagram accounts and confirmed they were single, based in Dallas and now following each other on social media.
Later Wednesday night, Blair shared a video after contacting one half of the couple on Instagram, Euan Holden. Blair said that he gave her permission to share his handle.
He said we could spill the beans!!! ?? pic.twitter.com/CHmMz91fDB — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 4, 2018
He was SO nice! Gave us permish for y'all to go give him some love. pic.twitter.com/Ph8WX7Xxkt — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 4, 2018
Neither Blair nor Holden immediately responded to ABC News' request for comment.
Holden later revealed on his own social channels that he knew he and his seat-mate were being recorded.
Hilarious... Knew you were taking pictures ?? https://t.co/dTuFA8RI1O — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
There is no update on whether Holden and the unidentified woman are still talking or have plans to see one another again.
He did, however, update his Twitter bio with the following: "Newly nicknamed 'Plane Bae.'"
the complete review - political science
Four Crises of
American Democracy
by
Alasdair Roberts
general information | our review | links | about the author
Representation, Mastery, Discipline, Anticipation
Based on Roberts' 2015 Lee Lecture in Political Science and Government at Oxford
- Return to top of the page -
Our Assessment:
B+ : useful and well-presented consideration of democracy in the US
See our review for fuller assessment.
The complete review 's Review :
Alasdair Roberts begins his book by noting that we are, once again, "suffering from a bout of democratic malaise" in the United States (and also elsewhere, but here and throughout his focus is on "the American experience") -- doubts about whether or not this system is really working out the way we'd like it to, and at least some toying with possible alternatives. (He means the malaise of recent years, since the most recent financial crises, rather than the present-day panic-of-the-moment triggered by the election of Donald Trump as American president; Trump only gets a single footnote mention in the book.)
Four Crises of American Democracy is organized by the four central complaints Roberts sees being made against democracy -- Representation, Mastery, Discipline, Anticipation, as the subtitle has it -- discussing examples of these in times past and present, and how they have been and can be dealt with. (To say how they can be overcome might be too much; as he notes -- and as the present-day (early 2017) situation again shows -- these crises tend to recur -- but the question is whether democracy is the system best-able to deal with them; while acknowledging occasionally tempting (certainly in the short term) counterexamples, Roberts comes down squarely in support of democracy à l'américaine.)
Roberts' examples, which take us through different American historical periods after the Civil War, are helpful reminders of how democracy has changed and evolved, even just in the past century. He begins with the question of 'Representation', which long had not applied to many aspects of government and parts of the population: the seventeenth amendment (changing the system by which US senators were (s)elected to a popular-vote system) was only ratified in 1913, women (half the population !) only gained the right to vote in 1920, and of course voter suppression efforts to keep blacks (and some other minorities) from being able to vote were long (well into the 1960s) particularly egregious (and, sadly, are enjoying renewed popularity). Yet in other respects representation -- at least in terms of voting-rights -- has at times been surprisingly wide open: amazingly aliens were long allowed to vote in many states, as long as they: "declared their intention to acquire citizenship". Only once nativist sentiment against immigration swung the balance -- because of fears of the wrong kind of immigrants, and the possible threat to entrenched powers -- was this done away with.
In 'Mastery' Roberts considers what citizens expect of the federal government, and what it is capable of, and here his historic examples remind how, a century ago, the federal government was indeed too small to manage many of the large-scale projects (or interference into all aspects of daily life, some would (and vociferously do) argue) that we now take for granted. Before the First World War, even the army was an (intentionally) undermanned force, with great suspicion on the side of the states of a national force (that they understood could turn against them); in the meantime, the military-industrial complex has grown to immense (and, arguably, in many respects, dangerous) size.
Rapid industrialization and the host of issues that arose with and around that also led to a rapidly growing federal government, with Roberts firmly of the opinion that: "The administrative state was a creation of American democracy" -- voter-approved. He suggests the balance is a difficult one -- a larger state means one that can more easily (ab)use its powers -- but that the electorate repeatedly endorsed it, as the best possible means of dealing with the affairs and ambitions of state. (Of course, the call to lessen especially centralized authority remains a powerful and popular one, and this ideological tug-of-war between proponents of 'big government' and those favoring small and devolved government is one of the fundamental conflicts of our times.)
In the section on 'Discipline' Roberts considers especially the (democratic) government's role in controlling the economy, noting that here, especially, the temptation for popular-at-the-moment quick fixes (a widespread concern in democratic systems, where politicians face election and hence are tempted by short term solutions to curry favor, even if the long term costs of these are high) can be detrimental -- and also that citizens' expectation, of what government can do, is often unrealistic. Especially worth noting: as he discusses, the American Federal Reserve is somewhat decentralized but still susceptible to politicians' influence -- in ways that more independent central banks elsewhere are not -- and it is only the hands-off approach of recent administrations that has, for now, made for the appearance of a truly independent Federal Reserve.
In 'Anticipation' Roberts considers the difficulties the American democratic system has had with issues of obvious future significance -- specifically the example of global warming: "an extreme test of democracy's ability to overcome its tendency toward shortsightedness". Given the incredible success of interest groups in the United States in calling into question even the obvious premise of man-made contributions to climate change, one has to wonder whether the problem isn't much more deeply rooted than Roberts allows for; certainly the challenge appears very great indeed.
Roberts considers the idea of a 'Green Fed' to address the problem; given current opposition by a significant part of the population to any sort of government expansion (beyond Homeland Security and Border Patrol, which have ballooned, under the radar), it's hard to imagine such an idea getting off the ground. Roberts arguments that it is preferable to a 'green authoritarianism'-approach -- including noting that: "it would look like ordinary politics", which he sees as a positive -- are convincing, but in the US anno 2017 it's hard to see the democratic process catching up with what has long needed to be done. And with strong executive powers a single presidential action can still turn back the process in hugely damaging ways -- witness president Trump's [as yet unfulfilled, as I write this] promise/threat to withdraw from The Paris Agreement
Roberts' analysis, and his many historical examples, are a helpful reminder that, as he puts it, this feeling of 'democratic malaise', this doubt in the system, is nothing new, or rare: "It is, in fact, a recurrent feature of American politics". So too, many of the reactions from previous instances, and weak spots that certain groups seek to take advantage of -- can seem all too familiar, from interest groups which are seen as having too great an influence to new (and old) efforts at voter suppression.
Roberts believes in the system, and suggests failures such as the jr. Bush's catastrophic Middle East misadventures can be blamed on American democracy having: "failed to fully act like one".
He argues:
A healthy democracy takes time to deliberate, scrutinizes demands for action carefully, and acts on the best available evidence.
- M.A.Orthofer, 13 February 2017
- Return to top of the page -
:
Oxford University Press publicity page
- Return to top of the page -
About the Author :
Alasdair Roberts teaches at the University of Missouri.
- Return to top of the page -
The five finalists for the Te Kura Pounamu Award for books written completely in te reo Māori will be recognized tonight at the 2017 NZ Book Awards for Children and Young Adults.
Enticing storylines, exceptional Reo and beautiful imagery are all elements of what makes these books finalists.
Ngā Manu Tukutuku e Whitu o Matariki, Ngārara Huarau, Te Haerenga Māia a Riripata i Te Araroa, Te Kaihanga Māpere and Tuna rāua ko Hiriwa are all books that are finalists in this year's Te Kura Pounamu Award section.
Finalist and writer of children's book Te Haerenga Māia a Riripata i Te Araroa, Maris O'Rourke says, “We're just beyond just thrilled. It's in every kōhanga reo and every kura kaupapa Māori now.
Pam Jones, the convenor of judges, says, "This year's shortlist reminds us that books are powerful vehicles for helping children make sense of their world and gain a better understanding of themselves and others."
Huia Publishers Chief Executive and finalist in the Te Kura Pounamu awards sections Brian Morris says, “In this story, you get to see Māori protocols and how it applies to the characters. You also get to see issues that relate to the people.”
The writer of Te Kaihanga Māpere book and finalist Sacha Cotter says, “Essentially this story is about following your dreams. Although it's set in the context of making marbles in a quite imaginative setting, but really that's what it is for me and it's kind of saying that you can do this too, if you have a dream, if you try really hard, you can do it.”
The winners of each category will be announced tonight at the awards ceremony.
Rihanna's diamond Gucci bodysuit was one of the most eye-catching look at the Coachella music festival this weekend.
Despite the annual event being held in the desert, in Indio, California, Rihanna ignored the searing temperatures to sport a glittering silver mesh top and matching leggings. She wore the pieces under a Gucci Print & Common Sense by Coco Capitan tank top and denim hot pants, also by Gucci and first seen on the catwalk in February, with the total look costing a staggering $8,480.
She completed the outfit with some black creepers and studded sunglasses, with her black hair left simple in a sleek bob. Sharing a snap of her ensemble on Instagram, the 29-year-old singer wrote: “I can't go home yet, cuz enough people ain't seen my outfit.”
Another picture posted on the site later showed Rihanna going all out in the ensemble by also sporting a matching crystal embellished face mask.
The Umbrella hitmaker wasn't the only famous face flaunting her wealth at the festival though. Katy Perry also courted attention in her Thai Nguyen Atelier spring 2017 sequin dress, which she wore over a matching bandeau bra top and hot pants, with the look totalling $1,800. According to a source at the event, Katy was in good spirits as she enjoyed the music and mingled with pals, following her recent split from boyfriend Orlando Bloom.
Among the models making an appearance at the festival was Alessandra Ambrosio, who chose to sport a customised biker jacket from The Mighty Company, costing $1,500 and a Bulgari bag, which retails at $2,350. It was something of a family affair for 36-year-old Alessandra, as her daughter Anja, eight, took to the stage on Sunday to perform with Venezuelan American singer-songwriter Devendra Banhart, alongside her father Jamie Mazur on guitar.
Neon lights , festival sights , perfect desert nights ✌️🌠🌄🎡🎶 #amexaccess tent coachella 📸 timuremek https://t.co/C2d7cMxGXU — Alessandra Ambrosio (@AngelAlessandra) April 18, 2017
Kylie Jenner was another star who didn't hold back with her various looks at the festival. After travelling to the desert wearing a pair of $760 Vetements x Reebok sneakers, the reality star hit headlines with her neon yellow hair as she attended the festival, using Manic Panic hair dye to get the look.
LOS ANGELES — The Philadelphia Eagles didn't lose their swagger even after seeing star quarterback Carson Wentz go down with what could be a season-ending injury.
Can the Eagles still succeed in the playoffs if Wentz is out?
“Do we have a quarterback on the roster? OK, then, yes,” safety Malcolm Jenkins said after the Eagles clinched the NFC East title with a thrilling 43-35 victory against the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday.
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn his left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Coach Doug Pederson said only that the Eagles (11-2) won't know the extent of Wentz's injury until has an MRI exam Monday.
Wentz, who threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before getting hurt, had a brace on his left knee as he was driven up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on a golf cart. He got off and hobbled about 30 feet to one of the team buses.
The Eagles do have a quarterback on the roster, of course. Nick Foles replaced Wentz and directed drives that Jake Elliott capped with field goals.
Jenkins said the Eagles can run the ball more to complement Foles, and that the defence will have to step up.
“It (stinks) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what he puts into the game and his preparation,” Jenkins said. “But as a team we have all our goals in front of us.”
Some things to know about the Eagles and Rams:
DIVISION CHAMPS
Despite Wentz's injury, the Eagles celebrated the division title.
Foles said Wentz was waiting for the team when it came into the locker room after the game.
“The guys really rallied,” Foles said. “It means a lot to this team, it means a lot to me. Excited we're NFC East champs but it's emotional, a guy you work with every day who you think the world of, you know I think he's the MVP; it's not easy but I know this team will step up and rally no matter what.”
Asked about Wentz's mood, Pederson said: “He's excited. NFC East champs, he's fired up.”
WENTZ'S INJURY
The QB was hit hard as he dived into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles a 31-28 lead.
Foles replaced Wentz on the next drive.
“I just saw him favouring his leg a little bit and it's just one of those things where he toughed it out, threw a touchdown,” Foles said. “He's one of the toughest players I've played with. He came to the side and got checked and I was told be ready to go in.”
LEARNING EXPERIENCE
Los Angeles dropped to 9-4, but still lead the NFC West. Quarterback Jared Goff said there's plenty to learn from this loss.
“I think if we play them 10 times, it would be pretty close every game,” Goff said. “It comes down to at the end of the game who makes a play and who doesn't, and who takes care of the ball and who doesn't have dumb penalties and stuff like that. That ends up being the difference in the game. We did that and they didn't, and so hats off to them.”
WENTZ AND GOFF
This was the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft squared off, with the No. 1 dropping to 5-3. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz.
Goff threw for 199 yards and two touchdowns.
Wentz bounced back from throwing an interception on the game's third play to throw touchdown passes on the Eagles' next three possessions for a 21-7 lead. He threw a 5-yarder to tight end Brent Celek and a beautifully threaded 20-yarder to Trey Burton in the first quarter, and then another nicely thrown scoring pass to Burton in the second quarter, this one for 11 yards. Wentz's 33 TD passes are a franchise single-season record.
WILD PLAYS
The game ended on a crazy play, when Philadelphia's Brandon Graham grabbed a lateral by Tavon Austin out of the air and scored what was ruled a 16-yard fumble return.
The Rams scored twice in a span of less than two minutes early in the third quarter to take a 28-24 lead. The big momentum swing came when Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown. The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas, and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride.
——
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report from Philadelphia.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Bought yourself a Switch? You'll be wanting something to play on it, then.
Thankfully, despite a slim launch line-up of fewer than 10 full games, things are gradually looking better for Switch buyers.
The obvious choices, of course, are The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. But what if you want something else to play?
Well, there's now a decent crop of Switch games on the shelves, with several titles that are certainly worth your time - from the party-friendly 1-2-Switch to the addictively simple Snipperclips.
But where should you put your pounds first? Read on for our reviews of the best Nintendo Switch games - that aren't Zelda or Mario.
This year's annual funding round of Health Research Council grants includes some grants which focus on Māori and Pacific health.
Minister of Health Jonathan Coleman and Minister of Science and Innovation Paul Goldsmith have welcomed the funding round.
Coleman says, "The 54 project grants announced today cover a wide range of topics and will provide invaluable information to help improve health outcomes for New Zealanders."
Seven grants have been awarded to studies which focus on Māori health outcomes. He says, "These include research looking at ways to improve early access to lung cancer diagnosis, reducing hospital admissions for Māori children and support for young Māori mothers."
Seven studies on Pacific health will receive grants that will improve Pacific health outcomes in New Zealand, says Coleman, three of which are from the dedicated Pacific Islands Families study.
“These Pacific grants cover research into cultural resiliency and vulnerability in mental health, sleep and well-being among Pacific children, and respiratory health, and the impact of hearing loss on Pacific youth.
"Understanding how one of the world's most problematic superbugs survives antibiotic treatment during infection is the topic of another study which will help address the growing challenge of antimicrobial resistance," he says.
Goldsmith says, "Projects must address well defined research questions with the aim of making significant improvements in or developing knowledge contributing to health outcomes.
"The annual amount available for health research through the Health Research Council (HRC) was increased by 56 per cent over four years in Budget 2016, going from $77 million in 2015/16 to $120 million in 2019/20."
He says, "This investment shows our commitment to ensuring that health research remains a strength for New Zealand."
Children of obese parents may suffer not only social stigma but actual developmental difficulties. The kids of obese mothers experienced significantly worse fine motor skills than their peers whose mothers had normal weight, report researchers at the U.S. National Institutes of Health. An obese father translated into significantly impaired social skills, and if both parents were obese, the children had a higher probability of failing problem-solving tests, the research showed.
This new understanding could change the approach to helping young children who evince developmental delays, starting with the question of what their parents weigh.
By Israeli criteria, obesity is defined as having a body mass index (body weight divided by the square of the height), equal to or greater than 30. The Israeli Health Ministry flatly warns that obesity is a risk factor for chronic diseases, including diabetes, cardiac and vascular conditions, hypertension and even colon and uterine cancer. It also shortens the life span, the ministry observes.
Now it appears that it is also a risk factor for dysfunctional children, not just emotionally scarred ones.
A growing problem
The study, appearing in Pediatrics, was conducted by scientists at the NIH's Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD). Lead author Edwina Yeung notes that most studies are confined to mothers. Not theirs: "Our results suggest that dad's weight also has significant influence on child development," she stated.
Obesity is a growing problem, so to speak: about 20% of pregnant women in the United States were overweight or obese as of the study – the figure for the UK is about the same, if not higher. (The rate in Israel is lower – in total, as of 2010, 15% of all Israeli adult women were obese, and they weren't all pregnant.)
Surveys done in Israel between the years 2007 and 2010 found that 35% of the population was overweight, with BMI scores between 25 and 30; and 15% was obese. In any case, the Health Ministry has been taking the rising rates of obesity in Israel seriously: among the measures proposed by Health Minister Yakov Litzman to combat the plague are banning junk foods and soda and candy vending machines from schools. He also took a swipe at McDonald's while about it.
Sins of the father
In the U.S. study, children were tested at four months of age and retested six more times through age three. When they enrolled, mothers also provided information on their health and weight before and after pregnancy, and the weight of their partners.
The differences were huge. Children of obese mothers were nearly 70 percent more likely to have failed the test indicator on fine motor skill by age 3 compared with peers born to normal-weight mothers, the researchers report.
Children of obese fathers were 75 percent more likely to fail the personal-social section of the test, which indicates how well they can relate to, and interact with, others by age 3.
How obese fathers affect the child's metabolism is not clear, but other studies have shown associations between the father's obesity and sperm problems. Mark Aplet, Dreamstime.com
Worst of all: Children with two obese parents were nearly three times more likely to fail the test's problem-solving section by age 3.
Why parental obesity would impair development is not clear, but the answers seem to lie in the realm of real physiology. Obesity during pregnancy may promote inflammation, which could affect the fetal brain, based on animal studies – but that applies only to the mother.
The mechanism by which paternal avoirdupois affects behavioral development in the kids is unclear. The authors point at studies which indicate that obesity could affect not just fertility but the expression of genes in sperm (as demonstrated by this 2015 paper published by Physiological Reports, "Paternal obesity induces metabolic and sperm disturbances in male offspring that are exacerbated by their exposure to an 'obesogenic' diet").
True, that sperm study was done in mice. It categorically demonstrated that stuffing the murine father-to-be to the gills with fattening foods affected the ensuing sons. The male offspring of the obese mice had impaired the metabolic and reproductive health even if their own diets were controlled and normal (in other words, their problems were not caused by eating the same stuff being fed to their dads). So far the lesson is, if you have a breeding pair of mice, spare them the challah. But it could well be applicable to humans too.
To the Editor,
Last week my family and I gathered in front of our TV set to watch Bill Hayes' presentation of “The Real Mayberry.” Surprise, surprise — it was well-written combined with excellent photography and an extraordinary verbal presentation.
But what was most noteworthy was the long past due recognition of Mr. Gene Rees for his outstanding community service on the individual and corporate levels. Gene will render assistance whenever and wherever needed. He is indeed the dynamic engine that has placed the “Granite City” back on the road to prosperity.
Thank you Mr. Bill Hayes and thank you Gene Rees.
Monroe Donathan
Mount Airy
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
play videoIain Walker, UK High Commissioner to Ghana with Prof. Aaron Mike Oquaye, Speaker of Parliament
UK High Commissioner to Ghana, Iain Walker has today October 6, paid a courtesy call to Ghana's Speaker of Parliament, Prof. Aaron Mike Oquaye at the Parliament House in Accra.
Present at the short interactive meeting which was held at the Speaker's conference room was the First Deputy Speaker of Parliament; Joseph Osei Owusu, the Deputy Minority Leader of Parliament; James Klutse Avedzie and some delegates from the British High Commission.
Introducing himself to the Speaker, Iain Walker said he feels honoured to be in Ghana to serve as the High Commissioner as the connection between the two countries runs deep in history. His stay and the warm reception he received from the Ghanaians make him humbled as he knows great things would be achieved together between UK and Ghana.
According to him, his country is keen on focusing on priority areas that will help Ghana move beyond aid and that will be possible by working hand-in-hand with the government so they can achieve the ambitions together.
“I want to express my thanks straight up and I hope that during my time here which will be for four years, I can deepen and broaden those connections. I come to Ghana humbled. I come to Ghana to serve, to come serve my government but to serve my government in partnership with yours. And I feel that together we are stronger and I come with a real sense of purpose and I really do want to help you achieve the ambitions that your government has set out over the next four years”, he said.
The Speaker of Parliament who was anxious meeting the UK High Commissioner to Ghana said it was a pleasure to officially meet him again and hopes that the partnership between the two countries remains intact as Ghana is always serious about its relations with other countries.
Just In: Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja.
Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
President Buhari had at the last National Executive Council(NEC) meeting of the party declared his intentions to seek re-election in 2019.
Those attending the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
APC state governors in attendance were; Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalung of Plateau, Jubrila Bindow of Adamawa and Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara.
Others were Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano, Kashim Shettima of Borno, Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa.(NAN)
The post Just In: Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Everything you need to know about the No Dream Impossible performer, now seen on BBC1
Name: Lindsay Dracass
Advertisement
Age: 34
Twitter: @LindsayDracass
Known for: Being one of the 100 judges on All Together Now and the UK's Eurovision contestant in 2001.
What happened when Lindsay Dracass did Eurovision?
Aged just 16, Lindsay performed on BBC show A Song for Europe, where she beat seven other acts to become the UK's Eurovision 2001 entrant.
This took the young Sheffield singer to Parken Stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark, where she performed her song No Dream Impossible.
Warning: the following clip and camerawork have really not dated well.
By UK standards she didn't do badly, coming 15th with 28 points (remember, in 2003 Jemini came last in the competition with nil points). No Dream Impossible wasn't a huge hit in the UK charts though, only peaking at number 32.
What's Lindsay been doing since Eurovision?
In her 17 years since the competition, Lindsay has kept on singing professionally, but has also taken up work as a receptionist. She also spent time touring with The Paul Carrack band and is now a mother.
Advertisement
All Together now is on 7.15pm, Saturday 3rd February, BBC1
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
The USGA and R&A also will no longer respond to most TV viewers' calls during the tournament.
The changes are part of a local rule effective Jan. 1.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed she had improperly replaced her golf ball on the green during the third round. She was penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made her score two shots higher, she received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Leaders from all major tours and organizations began meeting later that month.
The USGA and R&A are leading a group of top officials who are modernizing the Rules of Golf. The proposal currently is under public review and expected to be effective in 2019. The two-shot scorecard error would have been eliminated under the proposed rules.
The USGA and R&A also said only video from the telecast — not smart phones or other video from fans — can be used as evidence of a violation. It also said it would make it tougher for fans to call in if they think they see a violation on TV.
The change also means each tournament will assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast and help identify any violations or rules issues that might arise.
The PGA Tour has done this from time to time, but found that it often loses the use of a rules official on the course as he sits in a room watching TV for a violation that is rare over the course of the year.
According to the video review protocol for tournaments on TV, officials will not monitor or review any calls from views at home. That doesn't eliminate TV viewers from noticing violations — such as the incorrect drop by Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters — but tournament officials will not have a method for fans to call, email or text.
In the case of the Masters, the viewer was a former rules expert who knew who to call at the course.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: dailyguideafrica.com
2017-10-06
Minority leader – Haruna Iddrisu
Minority Leader Haruna Iddrisu has suggested that the government uses pension money to build houses for workers at very affordable rates since shelter has become a major challenge for a lot of workers who retire.
Many workers use their meagre salaries on rent and this becomes a bigger problem when they go on retirement so if workers are to be helped, then it would be prudent to use workers' pension money to build at very affordable prices to enable them own houses and be more productive, he indicated.
“When you have a good place to lay your head, you become very productive,” he said, adding that government could partner the Social Security and National Insurance Trust (SSNIT) to launch a social housing scheme for workers.
The Minority leader made the strong argument in a contribution to a statement made by the Minister of Works and Housing on the floor of parliament on Wednesday to commemorate this year's World Habitat Day, which fell on Monday, October 2 under the theme, “Housing Policies: Affordable Homes.”
“I feel very sad when I see workers struggling to pay for rent and finding it difficult to get places to lay their heads which the government with good policies could have helped to avoid.
According to him, in an African country like Morocco, workers, who go on retirement, do not have problems with accommodation, because the government has built a lot of houses for workers who go on retirement.
He said the government must take the bold initiative to help provide affordable houses for workers in the country to bring some relief to workers, stressing that involving the private sector in the provision of houses for workers would not be ideal since the houses would not be affordable in the long run.
Samuel Atta Akyea, Minister for Works & Housing, making his statement to mark the day, said government was determined to address the housing deficit through partnerships with the private sector.
“The Ministry of Works and Housing is implementing the Affordable Housing Programme aimed at providing adequate, decent affordable housing particularly to the low and middle-income groups,” he said.
He said the government would be establishing the National Housing Fund to help in that direction.
According to the Minister, addressing the housing needs of the poorest and most vulnerable, especially women, youth and those who live in the slums, must be a priority in the developmental agenda of the country.
He said the Ministry, in March last year, under the previous government launched the National Housing Policy as part of reforms and initiatives to ensure sustainable development of the construction industry.
“The National Housing Policy Implementation Plan is at its conclusive stage. The document has undergone stakeholder consultative assessments and contains strategies that will go a long way to solve the myriad of urban housing problems for our people,” the minister said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
SOME part of Queensland might have felt as cold as Tasmania this morning - until you see this photo of a snow wallaby outside a lakeside hotel.
Roma and Oakey had minimums of around 0 degrees while Stanthorpe was minus 1, along with Warwick.
Even after 9am, Stanthorpe had only climbed to 7.5 degrees, while Oakey was only 11 at 9.40am.
Toowoomba residents woke this morning to the coldest morning the city has experienced since August 2016.
Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Adam Blazak said the mercury reached a low of 2.1 degrees.
"That was at the (Toowoomba) airport," he said. "The last time it got that cold was August 2016."
Mr Blazak said the temperature probably felt several degrees colder than it actually was.
Ipswich was super cool at 1 degrees early on, according to Higgins Storm Chasing, while Beaudesert was 2, Gympie was 7 and the Sunshine Coast 6.
Brisbane was slightly warmed on 8, while the Gold Coast hovered around 9 degrees.
Kingaroy was 2, along with Charleville.
Higgins reported that Glen Innes in the northern tablelands of NSW was colder than the Alps and the coldest in Australia with -6.7.
In its official forecast, the Bureau of Meteorology said a high pressure system over southern Australia will shift slowly east over southeastern Australia over the next few days.
"It will combine with a deep low in the Tasman Sea to direct a cool, dry air mass into Queensland, with morning frosts and sunny days across most of the state."
The forecast for the rest of the day is fine and sunny elsewhere for most of the state.
The bureau said areas of frost were becoming extensive over southern and eastern inland, south of Emerald and east of Charleville.
Brisbane is facing its coldest start to winter in 12 years. File picture: Mark Calleja
The Courier-Mail reported that in Amberley, the temperature hit a near freezing 2C at 6am while it dipped to a brisk 7.2C at the Sunshine Coast airport.
The minimum temperature in Brisbane is expected to drop to only 9C tomorrow, making it the coldest start to winter since 2006.
Patches of light frost are also expected tomorrow in the city's west and the Gold Coast Hinterland in the early morning.
It will be mostly sunny in the southeast today, with the mercury forecast to reach a top of 23C in Brisbane and 22C at Surfers Paradise.
Meanwhile, the above picture of a snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel over the Central Highlands of Tasmania is going viral on Facebook.
World Rugby have announced that Dan Payne has been appointed as chief executive of Rugby Americas.
Payne's role will see him become the senior World Rugby employee in the Americas and he has been tasked with growing the game by working with regional associations to strengthen professional and domestic competitions.
He will also be responsible for extending the reach of development programmes and bringing in new commercial opportunities.
Payne is due to begin his new role after the Rugby World Cup Sevens 2018 in San Francisco in July.
He will replace Tom Jones, who is retiring after 36 years of working in rugby administration in the Americas.
Payne is highly experienced in sports administration and recently oversaw growth in participation, development and commercial growth during a three-year tenure as USA Rugby chief executive.
According to World Rugby, the sport in the Americas is currently experiencing record growth with the region home to more than 2.3 million players thanks to recent increases in participation and commercial opportunities.
World Rugby vice-chairman and Rugby Americas President Agustín Pichot expressed his satisfaction of having Payne on board.
Dan Payne has been tasked with expanding Americas Rugby's reach ©Americas Rugby/Twitter
"We are delighted to appoint Dan Payne as chief executive officer of Rugby Americas," Pichot said.
"These are exciting times for the growth of the sport, and Dan's knowledge and expertise of rugby in the Americas, proven track record with USA Rugby and passion for the development of the game, make him perfectly suited for this important role."
World Rugby chief executive Brett Gosper added: "Dan will enable us to further strengthen our strategic activities in partnership with Rugby Americas North and Sudamérica Rugby to assist our unions in growing and sustaining a thriving game for all across the Americas."
Gosper also paid tribute to the retiring Jones.
"Tom has been an incredible servant to the game and on behalf of World Rugby, Rugby Americas, Rugby Americas North and all the unions in the region, I would like to express my thanks for his service and his achievements," he said.
"It is no coincidence that during his 16 years with World Rugby participation in the region boomed, our unions grew stronger and our competitions thrived.
"He is a big man with a big rugby heart and will be missed by everyone who worked with him and I would like to wish Tom and his family all the best as he begins a new chapter in his life."
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying his five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all his supporters.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC said they had not yet reviewed the lawsuit but reiterated a statement from last week that the special was a piece of journalism and "did not infringe on his estate's rights."
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to his death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include his mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic he had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. He served two years in jail, and his conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on long-term care was conducted March 13-April 5 by NORC at the University of Chicago, with funding from the SCAN Foundation. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,845 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The AmeriSpeak panel includes respondents originally selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews with AmeriSpeak panelists were conducted in English and Spanish.
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education, census region and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of nonresponse among panel members selected for the survey.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 3.3 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/.
DENVER (AP) — A former VA executive who was criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado veterans hospital says he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion.
In a rare interview, Glenn Haggstrom, the former top construction official for the Veterans Affairs Department, tells The Associated Press he was astounded by the price of the hospital under construction outside Denver.
He says the last estimate he heard from the builder before he was removed from the project was $890 million.
Haggstrom says he bears some responsibility for the problems because of his job duties, but he says others made mistakes too. He declined to name anyone.
Haggstrom retired in 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into what went wrong.
The hospital is scheduled for completion next year.
Bronx, NY – Following their 3-2 Sunday night loss to their rivals, the Boston Red Sox, the New York Yankees are in need of wins. With Boston holding on to a 5.5 games advantage for the American League East lead, the Yanks need to defeat the New York Mets in their upcoming four-game Subway Series. Failure to do so hinders their postseason chances.
At this stage in the season, the only role remaining for the Amazins is one of spoilers.
While their chances of reaching the postseason is over, they could make it difficult for any team in position. If they Yankees aren't careful, they could be potentially swept before they head out to Boston a weekend showdown. Who will win? Who will lose?
Tune In, Find Out, Always Believe…
New Elite Tactical 6-24 I have a new Bushnell Elite Tactical 6-24 x 50 - 30mm and side focus parallax adjustment. This one has the mil dot reticle. These are amazing scopes for the money - very clear, crisp picture and precise adjustments. The box, sunshade, and paperwork are included.
$475 shipped - USPS money order only please
I would also consider a partial or full trade for a Leupold pistol scope ( either a 4x or a 2.5-8x - matte black only )
Thanks,
Mike Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
BRIGHTON, England — West Ham's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 loss at Brighton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton to boost its chances of avoiding the drop.
Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham, but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club, which fired head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims he told agents they did not want to sign any more African players.
Anger and frustration toward the West Ham board from supporters is at an all-time high following the scandal, as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud, Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with signing Jordan Hugill from Preston.
Indeed, the first chants of “Sack the board” were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute.
The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell's foul on Anthony Knockaert, and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray.
The striker, who scored twice in Brighton's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic's West Ham in October, strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for his 10th goal of the season.
Amid the off-field controversy, West Ham manager David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline. Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped midweek for being late to a meeting.
Until now at least, West Ham has been eking out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm's length from the relegation battle. But West Ham is now three points above the relegation zone in 12th, just ahead of Brighton on goal difference.
——
AP Premier League coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
The RBS Six Nations 2017 is back, with titleholders England looking to match their Grand Slam performance in 2016.
But Wales, Ireland and Scotland will all be out in force, with every match live on TV on either the BBC or ITV.
This is the second year that the two broadcasters have shared Six Nations rugby TV coverage. Just like last year, ITV will have live coverage of England, Ireland and Italy's home matches, with BBC showing the home games for Wales, Scotland and France.
Find out the dates, kick-off times and TV coverage details for all the matches in this year's Six Nations below.
Six Nations 2017 TV coverage guide
Saturday 4 February
Scotland v Ireland kick-off 2.25pm | Live on BBC1 RESULT: Scotland 27 - 22 Ireland
England v France kick-off 4.50pm | Live on ITV RESULT: England 19 - 16 France
Sunday 5 February
Italy v Wales kick-off 2pm | Live on ITV RESULT: Italy 7 - 33 Wales
Saturday 11 February
Italy v Ireland kick-off 2.45pm | Live on ITV
Wales v England kick-off 4.50pm | Live on BBC1
Sunday 12 February
France v Scotland kick-off 3pm | Live on BBC1
Saturday 25 February
Scotland v Wales kick-off 2.25pm | Live on BBC1
Ireland v France kick-off 4.50pm | Live on ITV
Sunday 26 February
England v Italy kick-off 3pm | Live on ITV
Friday 10 March
Wales v Ireland kick-off 8.05pm | Live on BBC1
Saturday 11 March
Italy v France kick-off 1.30pm | Live on ITV
England v Scotland kick-off 4pm | Live on ITV
Saturday 18 March
Scotland v Italy kick-off 12.30pm | Live on BBC1
France v Wales kick-off 2.45pm | Live on ITV
Ireland v England kick-off 5pm | Live on ITV
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Leading Formula 1 teams are in the early stages of creating a new 'FOTA-style' body to protect their financial interests and regulatory advantages following the takeover by Liberty Media...
Looks like you are using an ad-blocker
to continue to provide you with unmatchable content, disable the ad-blocker
Accept
We love laptops. Especially the modern lightweight ones with long battery life, HD displays and clever hinges so they can be used as a tablet or a tent for small rodents.
As a frequent traveler who reluctantly used a MacBook Air for years because of the lack of equivalent PC hardware, I'm delighted to see Microsoft's Surface initiative forcing PC manufacturers to up their game. HP, Lenovo, Dell and Microsoft all make devices which (in my opinion) surpass the best of Apple's offerings. Most of them now have super-fast SSD storage, and enough of it to store all our work files and maybe even a movie or two to watch on the plane.
But wait, what new horror is this? I can't take my beloved computer on the plane any longer!?? What am I going to do?
The problem is, that, while we love our laptops, there are several risks with using them as the isolated center of our computing world.
Read the entire article here, The Laptop Ban and Why Separating User Persona from Your Device Matters
via the fine folks at Ivanti.
When casting the Brown family, Mrs Brown's Boys creator Brendan O'Carroll didn't need to look far. In fact, he didn't have to look beyond his own living room.
Advertisement
The cast of the hit BBC comedy are mostly members of the comedy writer's family, but how are they all related?
Agnes Brown – Brendan O'Carroll
The titular mammy is the daddy of the family and father to Danny O'Carroll who plays Buster, and Fiona O'Carroll who plays Maria. His sister Eilish plays next door neighbour Winnie, his wife Jennifer plays daughter Cathy, and his real-life grandson, Jamie O'Carroll, plays Mrs Brown's grandson, Bono.
His on screen daughter-in-law Betty (Amanda Woods) is his real life daughter-in-law (she's married to Danny aka Buster), while TV son Trevor (Martin Delany) is actually his son-in-law (married to Fiona O'Carroll aka Maria), and his sister-in-law plays Winnie's daughter, Sharon.
Winnie McGoogan – Eilish O'Carroll
Next door neighbour Winnie may be Agnes' best pal on screen but in real life she's Brendan O'Carroll's sister.
Eilish is Maria (Fiona O'Carroll) and Buster's (Danny O'Carroll) real-life aunt, and Cathy aka Jennifer Gibney's sister-in-law, while her on-screen daughter Sharon, is actually Jennifer Gibney's off screen sister.
She's also grand aunt to Bono Brown (Jamie Carroll).
Cathy Brown – Jennifer Gibney
Mrs Brown's on-screen daughter is actually Brendan O'Carroll's wife, making her Buster (Danny O'Carroll) and Maria's real-life stepmother and Bono's off-screen step-grandmother.
Winnie (Eilish) is her sister-in-law, Mrs Brown's son Trevor is her son-in-law by marriage, and Mark's wife Betty is her daughter-in-law by marriage.
Plus Winnie's daughter, Sharon, is her real-life sister.
Buster Brady – Danny O'Carroll
The on-screen troublemaker is Brendan O'Carroll's real-life son, making him Maria's (Fiona O'Carroll) real-life brother, Cathy's (Jennifer Gibney) stepson, and Winnie's nephew.
His wife, Amanda, plays Betty Brown, while his son, Jamie, is Bono Brown, and his real-life brother-in-law Martin Delany plays Mrs Brown's youngest son, Trevor.
Oh, and his real-life best friend Paddy Houlihan plays Mrs Brown's other son, Dermot.
Maria Brown – Fiona O'Carroll
Mrs Brown's on screen daughter-in-law Maria is actually Brendan's daughter, Fiona O'Carroll – or Fiona Delany to call her by her married name. That makes Jennifer Gibney (Cathy) her stepmum, Eilish O'Carroll (Winnie) her aunt and Buster (Danny O'Carroll) her brother.
Little Bono Brown is actually her nephew, Jamie, while her sister-in-law, Amanda Woods, is Betty Brown.
Oh, and her husband, Martin Delany, plays Mrs Brown's son Trevor.
Trevor Brown – Martin Delany
Mrs Brown's youngest son is played by O'Carroll's son-in-law, Martin Delany, who is married to Fiona O'Carroll – his on-screen sister-in-law.
That makes him Buster's (Danny O'Carroll) brother-in-law and uncle to Bono (Jamie O'Carroll) Brown.
Betty Brown – Amanda Woods
Mrs Brown's on-screen daughter-in-law is actually Brendan's daughter-in-law off screen too, as she's married to Buster (Danny O'Carroll) Brady in real life.
She's Maria (Fiona O'Carroll) Brown's sister-in-law, and she's mum to Bono (Jamie O'Carroll) Brown both on and off screen.
Bono Brown – Jamie O'Carroll
Mrs Brown's grandson, Bono, is Brendan O'Carroll's real-life grandson, Jamie O'Carroll.
His real mum (Amanda Woods) plays his on-screen mum, Betty Brown, while his dad is actually Buster Brady (Danny O'Carroll).
That makes him Maria (Fiona O'Carroll) Brown's nephew and Eilish O'Carroll's (Winnie) grand-nephew.
Rory Brown – Damien McKiernan
Advertisement
The new Rory is played by Damien McKiernan, a friend of the family who took over the role from Rory Cowan in the 2017 Christmas special.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. Navy commander says an Iranian naval patrol boat shined a laser at a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter flying over the Strait of Hormuz in what officials say was an unsafe encounter.
U.S. Navy Cmdr. Bill Urban says the Iranian vessel also turned its spotlight on two Navy ships that were moving through the strait on Tuesday. Urban, a U.S. Fifth Fleet spokesman, says the Iranian boat came within 800 yards of the USS Bataan, scanned it from bow to stern with the spotlight and shined the light on the USS Cole.
The helicopter automatically fired flares in response.
Urban says the action was considered dangerous because shining lasers at a helicopter at night can impair pilots' vision and disorient them if they're wearing night vision goggles.
What is that mesmerising singing? And how did it come about? We have all the answers...
It's the tune that is in everybody's head – the haunting and uplifting title theme to ITV's hit Jenna Coleman drama Victoria that is used again during her wedding to Albert in episode five. But what is it? And how did it come about?
Advertisement
The theme tune, Alleluia, and incidental music for the first episodes of the series were composed by Martin Phipps, the musician who also recently worked on BBC1 shows War and Peace and Peaky Blinders.
Phipps was shown an early version of episode one of Victoria and instantly fell in love with the drama, changing his holiday plans to get to work on the composition, executive producer Dan McCulloch tells RadioTimes.com
“Martin loved the character. Particularly her tenacity, her humanity and youth. He wanted to score something that literally came from the heart,” says McCulloch.
In fact, adds, in some of the scenes “you can hear a beat that's a lot like Victoria's heart thumping away.”
The singing was performed by the classical choral ensemble The Medieval Baebes, who recorded the theme tune (which re-occurs in various motifs as incidental music) following a creative collaboration with Phipps in his East London studio.
But Victoria-watchers may detect a slight difference to the sound in later episodes. That's because Phipps later handed the conductor's baton to Ruth Barrett. And as McCulloch notes, the incidental music will have a different feel…
Advertisement
“You'll see – as Victoria's life moves on so does the score. Albert has his own theme…”
Thousands of people have gathered today to watch the World Coal Carrying Championships in Gawthorpe.
The Easter event was run for the 54th time, with men carrying 50kg sacks and women carrying 20kg of coal up the traditional 1,012m course from the Royal Oak pub to the maypole on the village green.
The World Coal Carrying Championships (Photo: SWNS)
One contestant, 19-year-old Gabrielle Oldroyd, had a kidney transplant nine years ago and said that running with the up a one-kilometre hill is the craziest thing she has ever done.
Ms Oldroyd said: "I'm shattered. It's huge. To say I had a kidney transplant in 2008, to come and do this is probably the craziest thing I've ever done.
"But I'm so glad I've done it.
"To anyone out there with any health issues or anything, it just proves it can be done if you put your mind to it and I've proved that today."
World Coal Carrying Championship (Photo: SWNS)
She added: "I was determined to finish it and have a go. Today I just knew that I was going to give all I've got and that's what I've done."
The event is organised by the Gawthorpe Maypole committee group and sponsored by Eric F Box Funeral Directors.
It is said to gave started after an argument in the Beehive Inn between coal merchant Reggie Sedgewick and Maypole Committee president Amos Clapham over who was fittest.
The current male world record is 4 minutes and 6 seconds, held by David Jones of Meltham. The current female record holder for the women's race is Catherine Fenton with a time of 4 minutes 25 seconds.
World Coal Carrying Championship (Photo: SWNS)
Organiser Duncan Smith, of the Gawthorpe Maypole committee, said: “It's been a brilliant day, a wonderful community day.”
He said that 210 people took part across all the adult races, with 90 in the main men's race, 60 women and 60 veterans.
Contestants from as far as the USA, New Zealand and Norway took part.
The overall mens race winner was Andrew Corrigan at four minutes, 31 seconds; Jenni Mustan won the womens' race at four minutes 30 seconds; and the veteran race champ was Damian Cameron at five minutes, 14 seconds.
RESULTS
Men's race
1st - Andrew Corrigan - 4m, 31s
2nd - Daniel Wright - 4m, 33s
3rd - Steven Thackery, 4m, 40s
Women's race
1st - Jenni Mustan - 4m, 30s
2nd - Lindsay Heppenstall - 4m, 41s
3rd - Danielle Sidebottom - 4m, 51s
Veteran's race
1st - Damian Cameron - 5m, 14s
Joint 2nd - Tony Gardner and John Hunter - 5m, 24s
ESKISEHIR, Turkey — Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 on Friday.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland tops Group I with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine for a tough encounter.
Keeping the momentum going from its inspiring run to the 2016 European Championship quarterfinals, Iceland withstood Turkey's early pressure before Johann Gudmundsson sent the ball high into the net past goalkeeper Volkan Babacan in the 32nd minute.
Jon Bodvarsson provided a precise cross from the left for the opening goal and seven minutes later he also set up the second for Birkir Bjarnason to shock the packed stadium in Eskisehir.
Kari Arnason added the third from close range four minutes into the second half after Aron Gunnarsson headed to him a corner kick.
CROATIA'S BLOW
Led by playmaker Luka Modric who made his 100th international appearance, Croatia had to wait till the second half for a goal despite holding the upper hand.
Striker Mario Manduzkic finally netted in the 58th after a defender deflected to him. That seemed to be a winner.
But substitute Pyry Soiri equalized in the final minute to stun the Croatian favourites.
Mandzukic also scored Croatia's lone goal in their previous meeting in Finland in October 2016.
KOSOVO'S LESSON
Kosovo produced some decent defending against Ukraine but it was Leart Paqarada who scored an own goal on the hour to give the visitors a lead. Andriy Yarmolenko added the second three minutes from time.
With the eighth straight defeat, Kosovo has been taught a lesson in its first qualifying for a major tournament. It sits at the bottom of the table with a single point in its maiden qualifying campaign.
Kosovo was accepted by UEFA and FIFA last year, and fast-tracked into World Cup qualifying.
The match was in Albania's Shkoder as Kosovo does not have a FIFA-certified stadium.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. — An ex-Tennessee school bus driver who was at the wheel in a wreck that killed six children has been sentenced to four years in prison for criminally negligent homicide.
Media reported that a Chattanooga judge sentenced Johnthony Walker on Tuesday after an emotional morning of testimony, during which Walker apologized.
Judge Don Poole ruled Walker shouldn't be sentenced to diversion because the crash involving 37 elementary school students was so horrific, but he couldn't give him a longer prison term because of his strong work history and no criminal background.
The decision divided victims' relatives at the hearing. Some said it wasn't enough time while others said they were satisfied with the punishment.
Walker was driving the children from Woodmere Elementary School when he wrecked on a winding Chattanooga road.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing his car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," he tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which she said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," he said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" he admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
He told the newspaper that he doesn't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In his opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on his claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke his permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked his permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of his speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend his demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." He added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," he said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
A Chicago-area masseuse has accused former Marvel Comics editor-in-chief Stan Lee of sexual misconduct.
According to a lawsuit obtained by Los Angeles ABC station KABC, Maria Carballo has accused Lee of assault, battery, violation of the Illinois Gender Violence Act, and emotional distress, and named his former assistant, Max Anderson, in a count of civil conspiracy, stemming from two separate massage therapy sessions on April 21 and 22, 2017, in a Chicago hotel room.
Carballo is seeking more than $50,000 in damages for each count and reimbursement for her attorney fees.
“For a long time, I was afraid to ask anyone to help me hold Mr. Lee accountable for how he treated me. He is rich and famous. I am not. After seeing other women fight to be treated with dignity and respect, I decided, 'Me too,'" Carballo stated. "I am still nervous and afraid, but not as much as I was before because I have other people helping me.”
KABC has also confirmed that on March 16, a female victim filed a police report alleging that a male client touched her inappropriately while she was performing a duty in related to her occupation. The victim said the inappropriate contact occurred on April 22, 2017.
Lee's attorney did not immediately respond to KABC's request for comment, but did tell The Chicago Tribune that Lee was shocked by the allegations, which he denied. The attorney also said he was not aware of a criminal investigation and said the allegations might be part of "a shakedown."
"The guy is 95," he added. "I don't think he would do that."
Anderson has not responded to a request for comment.
The lawsuit states that during the first massage session, Lee fondled himself while lying face down and later began to moan and groan, which made Carballo so uncomfortable that she ended the massage early and left. However, her employer, the owner of Therapy Professionals, asked that she return to Lee's hotel room to give him a second massage upon his request, according to the lawsuit. After two refusals, her employer called her a third time to say that Lee had apologized and assured her that there would be no further incidents, the lawsuit states.
Fearing for her job, Carballo returned to Lee's hotel to give him a massage, during which he began to moan, according to the lawsuit. To create distance from him, she began to do a Shiatsu massage, which can be performed with the feet, at which point Lee allegedly put his genitals against her foot, according to the lawsuit. After that, she claims she immediately stopped the massage and left, the lawsuit states.
"Not long thereafter, [Carballo] told her daughter and best friend about what happened but was fearful that, in light of Lee's wealth and status, reporting the incident to the police would hurt her job," the lawsuit states. "After seeing other women protest in connection with the Me Too movement, [she] decided to fight for her dignity by standing up for herself."
KABC's Julie Sone contributed to this report.
ABC News and Marvel Comics are both part of parent company Disney.
Video: United in Hate: The Left's Romance With Tyranny and Terror.
Dr. Vladimir Tismaneanu highlights the dire urgency of United in Hate's message in his review: The Politics of Resentment: How utopian fanaticism remains a main feature of our times.
A sampling of the praise for United in Hate:
“An ambitious, original, and well-documented study that addresses some of the most interesting and important political-historical questions of our times.”
–Paul Hollander, author of Political Pilgrims and The End of Commitment.
“Jamie Glazov rolls over left-wing intellectual pretensions with a Mack truck that handles like a Porsche. He rounds them up–and when he's finished, there's nothing left.”
—Richard Perle, Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Reagan administration, now a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.
“Reads like a thriller.”
–Lieutenant General Ion Mihai Pacepa, the highest-ranking official to have defected from the Soviet bloc.
“In years to come, this book will become a classic, not just for conservatives but for all Americans interested in the truth and how to combat a perfidious alliance.”
–Steven Emerson, author of American Jihad: The Terrorists Living Amongst Us and producer of the documentary Jihad in America.
“Jamie Glazov analyses with forensic skill how and why radical leftists come repeatedly to see virtue in the most murderous ruthlessness. Alas, his book will not be out of date for a long time.”
–Dr. Theodore Dalrymple, author of Life At the Bottom: The Worldview that Makes the Underclass.
Watch Jamie discuss United in Hate in his interview with Ann-Marie Murrell — where they discuss his showdown on Hannity against the Unholy Alliance. The clips of the fireworks are shown during the interview:
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Jamie also discusses United in Hate in Josh Brewster's 2-part interview with him about The True Roots of Jihad Denial:
Part I:
Part II:
Jamie Glazov is Frontpage Magazine's editor. He holds a Ph.D. in History with a specialty in Russian, U.S. and Canadian foreign policy. He is the author of the critically acclaimed and best-selling, United in Hate: The Left's Romance with Tyranny and Terror. He hosts the web TV show The Glazov Gang. You can contact him at [email protected]
Also see,
Anni Cyrus' Unknown: Rosie O'Donnell's Jihadist Romance.
Era of brutality over in Rivers, Wike pledges
Governor Nyesom Wike says the era of vindictiveness in Rivers State has come to an end.
The governor, who made the declaration yesterday in Port Harcourt in a broadcast to the people, said he hoped the state would be fairly treated and accorded its share of developmental projects by the Federal Government this fiscal year.
Describing 2016 as a year of mixed feelings, he, however, noted that the challenges notwithstanding, remarkable progress was recorded. He urged the people to be hopeful for a better state.
Wike sued for peace and support as government continues to for the security, progress and prosperity of the state.
He went on: “We managed to resuscitate our broken economy to drive and sustain our development efforts in the face of a crippling national recession. We reconstructed existing roads, build new ones and in the process created jobs and empowerment for our people.
“We confronted insecurity by providing concrete support to the security agencies to combat and reduce crime across the state. “Furthermore, among several other tangible achievements, we also ensured the regular payment of salaries, pensions and started the process of restoring quality in our educational and health systems.
“Although it is difficult to forget the low and painful moments of 2016, especially the continuing economic difficulties and associated misery being experienced by ordinary people as a result of the prostrate state of our national economy and extreme brutalisation, bloodshed and loss that characterised the re-run legislative elections, there is still much progress to look back to in the last 12 months.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament has welcomed a ruling by the Supreme Court ordering the Auditor General to immediately begin surcharging persons found to have misappropriated public funds.
James Avedzi Klutse believes that the ruling by the apex court will facilitate the fight against corrupt by public officers.
He said the ruling also gives PAC the stamina to ensure retrieval of funds from public officials cited for financial misappropriation.
“The ruling by the Supreme Court it's will make the work of the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament easier” James Avedzi Klutse told host of Adom FM's ‘Burning Issues' programme, Afia Pokua.
His comment on Wednesday follows the ruling by a seven-member panel of justices of the Supreme Court, presided over by incoming Chief Justice, Sophia Akuffo, ordering the Auditor-General to begin surcharging persons found to have misappropriated monies belonging to the state.
The order of the court follows a suit filed by pressure group, Occupy Ghana in June 2016, seeking an order directing the Auditor-General to issue disallowances and surcharges to and in respect of all persons and entities found in relevant, successive reports to have engaged in misappropriation of state funds.
Occupy Ghana had explained that it sued the Auditor General for refusing to surcharge persons who are said to have misappropriated monies belonging to the state to the tune of over billions of Ghana cedis.
Mr. Klutse Avedzi assured the general public that his committee, together with the Auditor-Genera,l will ensure that funds misappropriated by public officials will be retrieved into government chest.
Meanwhile, the Auditor-General, Daniel Domelovo, who was also speaking on the show on Adom FM, said he was excited by the Supreme Court ruling as it reinforces his powers of disallowance and surcharge.
He promised that his outfit will vigorously chase after individuals who have in one way or the other misappropriated state money.
“The ruling by the Court brings clarity to provisions of the 1992 Constitution which for several years have not been enforced,” he said.
Lawyer and a member of the pressure group, Occupy Ghana, Ace Ankomah, urged the Auditor-General to work assiduously with the Supreme Court ruling.
(Patrick Breen/The Arizona Republic via AP). Bubba Watson talks to his caddie as he looks over a birdie putt during the second round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Scottsdale, Ariz.
(Patrick Breen/The Arizona Republic via AP). Matt Kuchar tees off on the ninth hole during the second round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Scottsdale, Ariz.
(Patrick Breen/The Arizona Republic via AP). Bubba Watson hits from the rough on the 18th hole during the second round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Scottsdale, Ariz.
(Cheryl Evans/The Arizona Republic via AP). Bryson DeChambeau tips his hat after finishing the second round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Scottsdale, Ariz.
(Patrick Breen/The Arizona Republic via AP). Rickie Fowler tees off on the 17th hole during the second round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Scottsdale, Ariz.
By JOHN NICHOLSON
AP Sports Writer
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (AP) - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. He knows from experience the party is just getting started.
"Just keep the gas pedal down," Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
"From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here," Fowler said. "I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times."
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting his second straight 5-under 66.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
"I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best," DeChambeau said.
He won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
"This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit," Berger said. "Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself."
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
"This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board," Reavie said. "So this is like the fifth major for me."
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. He bogeyed his old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
"Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie," Fowler said.
Two years ago, he blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when he drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when he hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
"I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either," said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. "Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above."
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. He birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six.
"There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here," Mickelson said. "I can feel their energy and it helps me focus."
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had his second 68. He was bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
"I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under," Thomas said. "But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days."
Haas followed his opening 64 with a 72. He made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when he missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended his bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MUSIC: Esther Udoh – Who Is This God?
United kingdom based Gospel Artist, songwriter, Evangelist and a lawyer, Esther Udohreleases new single titled ‘Who Is This God?'.
Esther Udoh is widely known as an Inspirational speaker, Human Right activist and legal practitioner. A virtuous woman who loves to help the less privilege through her NGO (Nigerian Citizens Advice Organisation).
She founded “New Generation Crew”, a praise and worship team lifting up the banner of Christ as a true worshipper. In this new single, Barrister Esther describe the Almighty God in style.
She delivers the year's most uplifting and honest songs; produced by the super-talented producer “Sofiri Stewart (Stewart Records) London.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Esther-Udoh-Who-Is-This-God.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Esther Udoh – Who Is This God? appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MILAN — The Latest on drive-by shootings in Italy (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
The mayor of the Italian city of Macerata says six foreigners have been wounded in a series of drive-by shootings, one of them with life-threatening injuries.
Mayor Romano Carancini told Sky TG24 that the victims were five men and one woman.
The suspect was identified as a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. A motive for the shootings wasn't immediately confirmed, but it comes just days after the dismembered body of an Italian teenager was found in the city. The main suspect is a Nigerian immigrant.
Carancini confirmed that all of the victims in Saturday's shootings were black, and acknowledged that “the closeness of these two events makes you imagine that there is a connection.”
——
1:15 p.m.
Officials in a central Italian city have confirmed that a suspect in drive-by shootings against foreigners has been apprehended.
The city of Macerata's Twitter account says the gunman has been captured about two hours after he began a shooting rampage from a black automobile. Macerata was the scene of a gruesome killing earlier this week of a white Italian woman. The chief suspect in that killing is a Nigerian.
Authorities had warned citizens to stay inside Saturday while the shooter remained at large. The number of victims hasn't been confirmed.
——
1:05 p.m.
Italian police say the victims of drive-by shootings in the central Italian city of Macerata are all foreigners, and the news agency ANSA say they are black.
Macerata was the scene of the gruesome killing of a young white Italian woman this week, whose dismembered remains were found in two suitcases. The chief suspect is a Nigerian immigrant.
Police haven't said how many people have been wounded in the shootings. The news agency ANSA said two of the injured were black, and that witnesses reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found.
——
12:55 p.m.
Italian police say a drive-by shooting has left wounded in the central city of Macerata, and authorities are warning citizens to remain indoors.
Police did not say how many were injured in the town, which has a population of 43,000.
Italian news reports said that the car contained two people. Macerata's mayor has urged citizens to stay indoors Saturday while the suspects remain at-large. The ANSA news agency reported four victims have been wounded while Sky TG24 put the number of wounded at two.
Sky said the shooting started around 11 a.m. (1000 GMT; 5 a.m. EST), and that students were being kept inside schools which are open on Saturday and public transport had been halted.
NOBLESVILLE, Ind. (AP) - A suburban Indianapolis middle school is set to resume classes five days after a male student allegedly shot and wounded a 13-year-old classmate and a teacher who's credited with disarming the assailant.
Noblesville West Middle School is scheduled to reopen Wednesday morning on a two-hour delay.
Noblesville Schools' spokeswoman Marnie Cooke says it will operate on the same shortened schedule as the district's final two days of classes Thursday and Friday. Cooke says the school will focus on counseling and "team building" over the final three days of the school year.
Science teacher Jason Seaman is credited with tackling the male suspect after he shot and seriously wounded 13-year-old Ella Whistler Friday morning. She remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. School officials say her medical condition is improving.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This month the VMware Education Services team released several new VMware vSphere® 6.5 courses, a free elearning course on VMware Horizon® Cloud Service™, plus a new video series to help you prepare for the VCP6-NV exam based on NSX v6.2.
This three-day training course equips you with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to design a VMware vSphere 6.5 virtual infrastructure. You'll follow a proven approach to design a virtualization solution that is available, scalable, manageable, recoverable, and secure, and that uses VMware best practices. This course also discusses the benefits and risks of available design alternatives and provides information to support making sound design decisions.
This extended-hours course takes you from introductory to advanced VMware vSphere® management skills. Building on the installation and configuration content from our best-selling course, you will also develop advanced skills needed to manage and maintain a highly available and scalable virtual infrastructure. Through a mix of lecture and hands-on labs, you will install, configure, and optimize vSphere 6.5. You will also explore the features that build a foundation for a truly scalable infrastructure, and discuss when and where these features have the greatest effect.
Read the entire article here, New vSphere, Horizon Cloud, and Exam Prep Courses Now Available – VMware Education & Certification
via the fine folks at VMware!
Joy Odama's death: IGP fixes fresh autopsy for today, as prime suspect suddenly appears
By Kingsley Omonobi & Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA—Police investigations into the suspected murder of Joy Odama, a 200-Level undergraduate of Mass Communication of Cross River State University, in Abuja, took a new twist, yesterday, as the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, through the IGP Monitoring Unit, ordered that a fresh autopsy be carried out to confirm the cause of her death.
The IGP's directive, it was gathered, followed the re-appearance of Alhaji Usman Adamu, who is a Vanguard gathered made a statement, stating his part of what transpired, noting that he was never on the run.
Recall that the initial autopsy report from the National Hospital, Abuja, indicated that Joy Odama died of cocaine poisoning occasioned by cardiogenic shock secondary to diffusion.
The report said: “The cause of death was traced to cardiogenic myocardial infection secondary to possible acute cocaine poison.”
However, lawyer to the family of the deceased, Rose Mbata, and representatives of Yala community in Abuja, disclosed that at a meeting summoned by the Inspector General of Police at Force Headquarters, yesterday, with family members of late Joy Odama, and interested parties, Deputy Commissioner in charge IGP Monitoring Unit delivered the IGP's order.
Surprise appearance
Mbata said: “On arrival at Force headquarters, the Inspector General instructed the Deputy Commissioner of Police in-charge of the IGP Monitoring to conduct preliminary hearing on the matter and revert to him.
“In the cause of the preliminary hearing, surprisingly the prime suspect in the case, Alhaji Usman Adamu, who the police had said was at large, suddenly appeared at the meeting room in company of some policemen.
“With a stern and fiery look on his face, he exchanged pleasantries with the police and took his seat. At the end of the hearing, all parties were now taken to see the IGP, who was not on seat.
Fresh autopsy
“The parties were informed by the DCP that on the instructions of the IGP, a fresh autopsy shall be conducted.
“Parties were requested to report tomorrow (today) by 7a.m. at the National Hospital, Abuja, for a fresh autopsy to be conducted where other consultant pathologists shall participate in the exercise.
“The DCP Monitoring later informed us that the Nigeria Police shall bear the cost of the fresh autopsy contrary to the Police earlier refusal to foot the bill.”
The family of the deceased, however, expressed shock that the senior officers indicted in the saga including the then DPO, Karmo Police Division, were absent at the meeting.
Roll call
Parties present at the meeting include the deceased's mother, Mrs Philomena Odama; Lead Counsel, Lady Rose Mbata & Co; Yala Community, Abuja, represented by Godwin Offiono (Esq.); the family, represented by Godwin Okuja (Esq.); Augustine Okechukwu of Basic Rights Enlightenment Foundation; other witnesses, including the cook, Ms Victoria, and Elizabeth, who took the late Joy Odama to Alhaji Usman Adamu.
Repeated calls to the Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Jimoh Moshood, to ascertain why the initial autopsy was being questioned, were not answered.
The post Joy Odama's death: IGP fixes fresh autopsy for today, as prime suspect suddenly appears first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WARNING: MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD
After last week's fiery episode, this week's "Game of Thrones" saw its lead characters back making moves on the chessboard.
Daenerys, fresh off her decisive victory against the Lannister forces, further exerts her power against surviving enemy soldiers, while her new ally, Jon Snow, continues to want to turn the focus toward the White Walkers.
Meanwhile, mystery is afoot in Winterfell, and Sam Tarly decides on a career change. We start on the road between Highgarden and King's Landing, where we find out if Jaime Lannister survived his long fall into a surprisingly large body of water.
On the road from Highgarden
After last week's cliffhanger, both Jaime and Bronn swim to shore, shaken but essentially unhurt. Jaime is still in shock following the battle against Daenerys, her Dothraki army, and, oh yeah, her fire-breathing dragon. He's especially worried since Dany only used one of her dragons, and she's got two more back in Dragonstone. Jaime realizes he has to tell Cersei what they're up against.
Shockingly, there are other survivors from the battle. Dany tells them they have a choice: Bend the knee or die. A number of the soldiers pick the former, and a lot more join when they hear Drogon's roar. Still, a few remain standing, including Lord Tarly and Dickon, Sam's father and brother, respectively.
Tyrion suggests sending the elder Tarly to join the Night's Watch at the Wall, but he rejects that proposal. Following his father's lead, Dickon also refuses to bend the knee to Dany. Despite Tyrion's pleas otherwise, she uses her dragon to burn both Tarlys alive. Everyone bends the knee after that.
Back at Dragonstone, Tyrion expresses his concern to Varys about what transpired, given that Dany's father, the Mad King, also employed the death-by-dragon-fire method of execution. Varys assures him that Dany is not her father, but says they need to find a way to get her to listen to them.
Winterfell
Bran's visions show him that the huge and ever-terrifying Army of the Dead is marching toward the Wall. He sends a raven to Jon, telling him not only about the White Walkers, but also that he and Arya are alive.
With this information, Jon and Tyrion hatch a plan to capture a White Walker beyond the Wall and bring it to Cersei to prove that the Army of the Dead is real, which they hope might broker at least a temporary peace between Dany and King's Landing. In order to do that, Tyrion intends to try to talk to Jaime to ask him to convince Cersei to meet with Dany. Jon declares that he'll lead the raid beyond the Wall.
With Jon still at Dragonstone, the lords who made him King in the North begin to grow restless that he is not, well, in the North. Sansa defends Jon's absence, but not strongly enough for Arya's liking. In private, she accuses Sansa of secretly wanting to rule Winterfell herself.
Later, Arya sees Littlefinger mysteriously talking to someone, which isn't too strange, since that's pretty much all he does. Arya then watches as another person delivers him a scroll. "Lady Stark thanks you for your service," Littlefinger says, which does not put Arya's mind at ease. She sneaks into his room and finds the scroll, which is the message Sansa wrote under duress way back in season one asking her family to pledge allegiance to King Joffrey. From the shadows, Littlefinger watches as Arya leaves his chamber.
The Citadel
Bran also sent a raven to the Citadel informing them of the White Walker threat. Sam suggests that the maesters tell everyone that the Army of the Dead is indeed real. However, they aren't convinced and think that the letter might be a forgery sent by Dany to draw Cersei's armies from the South. They agree though to write back to Winterfell. After Sam leaves the room, the Archmaester tells the others that he hasn't yet told the young Tarly that his father and brother are dead.
Even without that knowledge, Sam isn't having fun at work. He's frustrated that the maesters seem more concerned with reading old scrolls that counted steps in cities and documented, uh, bowel movements than with solving real-world problems. While Sam vents, Gilly reads from a book that describes how Rhaegar Targaryen, Dany's brother and Jon's real father, had his first marriage annulled and that he secretly married again in Dorne, presumably to Lyanna Stark, Jon's mother. That means Jon would be their lawful son, and perhaps the rightful heir to the Iron Throne instead of Dany.
Sam misses the import of what Gilly is reading before interrupting her. But he does decide to sneak into the forbidden library again and after that leaves the Citadel, apparently for good.
King's Landing
Jaime returns to Cersei and tells her they cannot defeat Daenerys. He also tells her that despite what she has long believed, Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey. It was Olenna Tyrell.
Davos and Tyrion arrive by boat at King's Landing to meet Jaime. Underneath the Red Keep, Bronn tells Jaime he is bringing him there to train when in fact he is taking him to meet Tyrion. Jaime is not at all receptive to his brother's presence as he's still angry about Tyrion killing their father. Tyrion tells Jaime that they both know that Dany will win this war. When Jaime asks if Dany wants Cersei to bend the knee, Tyrion says no -- not now, anyway. Instead, he says, she has a "more important request."
While all that goes down, Davos searches the streets of King's Landing and finds the one and only Gendry, the surviving bastard of the late King Robert Baratheon, last seen sailing away after escaping the Red Woman, who intended to sacrifice him to the Lord of Light. Gendry is happy to join Davos, and they return to their boat. Just as they're about to leave, two soldiers arrive. Davos successfully bribes them at first, but then they spot Tyrion. Seeing no other choice, a hammer-wielding Gendry kills the soldiers.
Jaime returns again to Cersei, and tells her that he met with Tyrion. Cersei reveals that she knew about the meeting and that she allowed it to happen. She also reveals that she's pregnant with Jaime's child and will tell anyone who asks that her brother is the father. The two embrace, and it's an oddly touching moment, up until Cersei whispers in Jaime's ear to never betray her again.
Dragonstone
Dany and Drogon return to Dragonstone victorious. Another of her dragons approaches Jon, who nervously reaches out his hand to touch the beast's snout. He successfully pets it without the dragon ripping his arm off, which surprises both him and Dany. She senses Jon's disapproval of her military methods. She also asks him what Davos meant when he said Jon took a knife to his heart for his people. Before Jon can answer, a greyscale-free Jorah arrives, and Dany welcomes back her old adviser with open arms.
When they return to Dragonstone, Davos tells Gendry to keep his identity a secret. But when Gendry is introduced to Jon, he immediately reveals his true identity, and the two bond over their bastard status and their fathers' friendship.
Jon prepares to leave Dragonstone for his White Walker-capturing mission, and Jorah joins him. Jon tells Dany that if he doesn't survive his mission, she won't have to worry about the King in the North anymore. "I've grown used to him," Dany replies. Be still, my fiery and icy heart.
The Wall
Jon, Jorah, Davos and Gendry arrive at Eastwatch, a castle along the Wall under the care of the wildling Tormund. They tell him they want to go beyond the Wall, and Tormund says he just captured some men wanting to do the same thing. They turn out to be the Hound along with members of the Lord of Light-worshipping Brotherhood Without Banners. Jon and company go to talk to the prisoners, and, after some arguing, Jon assures the group that they are all on the same side. Why? "We're all breathing," Jon declares.
With that out the way, the whole group begins its snowy journey beyond the Wall.
Photos: Nigerian Soldiers Clear Gutters, Roads To Ease Traffic In Lagos
Men of the Nigerian Army attached to the 174 Battalion took to the roads of Lagos to provide community service by helping clear the gutters and the roads as the rain has caused heavy flooding in most parts of the state. The soldiers were spotted at Odogunyan bus stop, Ikorodu, Lagos clearing the debris which…
The post Photos: Nigerian Soldiers Clear Gutters, Roads To Ease Traffic In Lagos appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When
Tue., May 22, 2018 at 9:30am
Until
Tue., May 22, 2018 No Specific End Time
Event Venue
Trumbull County Ag Center Meeting Room 520 W Main Street Cortland, oh
Phone
Website
Posted In
The Trumbull and Portage Soil and Water Conservation Districts (SWCD) will conduct a Local Workgroup (LWG) meeting on 5/22/18 to identify resource concerns, discuss conservation priorities, and develop potential solutions. The meeting will take place at 9:30 am at the Trumbull County Ag Center Meeting Room at 520 W Main St; Cortland, Oh 44410. Agendas available upon request.
Local Work Group membership is limited to Federal, State, county, tribal, or local government representatives who are familiar with agriculture and natural resources, however meetings are open to public participants encouraged to provide input on local conservation issues and resource challenges. LWGs support locally led conservation efforts by coordinating USDA programs with other conservation programs to provide an integrated solution to addressing natural resource concerns.
Individuals who need special accommodations to attend this meeting are to contact Kara MacDowell at 330-637-2046 x8622 or by email at Kara.macdowell@oh.usda.gov by May 11th, 2018.
For more information, contact Kara MacDowell or Amy Reeher at Trumbull SWCD at 330-637-2046 x3.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Investigators say a fire that destroyed the former Kansas City home of baseball legend Satchel Paige might have been arson.
The Kansas City Star reports investigators found evidence an accelerant was used in the fire Tuesday at the home where Paige lived until he died in 1982. The house has been vacant for years.
The Hall of Fame pitcher starred in both the Negro Leagues and Major League Baseball.
Bob Kendrick, president of the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, said baseball legends often visited Paige's home. Kendrick said he and others wanted to do something with the home to honour Paige but there was never enough money.
The current owner, Brian Cushon, said Tuesday he had intended to renovate the home.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
——
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Xbox is getting Discord account integration to connect with PC players
Microsoft has announced that Discord account integration is coming to the Xbox One, as is Xbox Live integration for the Discord app. This will allow Discord users to see what their Xbox friends are playing.
The post Xbox is getting Discord account integration to connect with PC players appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Presidency, Senate working to end recession in first quarter of 2017— Senator Bassey
By Emma Una
CALABAR— SENATOR Gershom Bassey, who represents the Southern Senatorial district of Cross River State, weekend, said the priority of the Senate and the Presidency was how to take the country out of the current recession in the first quarter of this year.
The senator noted that the initial bad blood and suspicion that existed between the Senate and Presidency had given way to improved working relationship between the executive and legislative arms.
Senator Bassey who spoke in Calabar while interacting with thousands of members of his constituency who visited him, said: “At the beginning some individuals in the Presidency and the Senate were going beyond their roles, maybe, because they did not understand their roles. So, there were lots of suspicion, having just come out of a general election. But today, everybody understands his role, whether in the executive or legislature. So, there is better understanding and collaboration as seen when the President presented the 2017 budget where he received a standing ovation.
“Senate is working very hard to ensure that our beloved country comes out of recession by the first quarter of 2017. We have about 11 bills that we are working on in the Senate beginning from the Petroleum Industry Bill of along with others directly focussing on improving the economic situation in the country.”
The post Presidency, Senate working to end recession in first quarter of 2017— Senator Bassey appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
London Gatwick Airport plans to more than double the size of its North Terminal's Pier 6 to keep pace with the airport's growing number of passengers.
Gatwick is the UK's second largest airport and the busiest single-runway airport in the world, handling 45 million passengers annually.
The project, part of the airport's five-year capital investment program, will cost £180 million ($240 million).
Before work on the extension can start, however, two major enabling projects must be completed. These involve moving the stand for the Airbus A380 from its existing location on Pier 6 to a newly created stand on Pier 5 and widening and re-aligning a taxiway to allow A380s to move between the airport's single runway and their new stand.
“This is one of the most important programs of work we have in our current capital investment program, as it will give a crucial boost to our operational efficiency and help us to grow sustainably,” Gatwick construction director Raymond Melee said. “It will be complex, as it is right in the heart of our airfield, but we are experienced in delivering complicated projects in challenging environments at Gatwick.”
Gatwick has appointed US-based contractor Bechtel to handle the project because of what the airport described as the contractor's expertise in delivering construction projects within complex working environments.
Bechtel will be responsible for the management of engineering, procurement and construction works and will be integrated alongside Gatwick's construction and development teams.
“We know that construction in the middle of a very busy airfield can be complex, so we will be working alongside Gatwick's operational teams to ensure the work is sequenced carefully and that the passenger experience is maintained throughout,” Bechtel UK MD Paul Gibbs said.
Work is scheduled to start in 2018.The program will be run in four phases, the last of which will be the building of the western extension of Pier 6 itself. This is expected to be operational by 1Q 2022.
Pier 6 follows major transformation projects such as the re-development of the North Terminal, and the newly constructed Pier 1, as well as major works on Pier 5 to create a second level.
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
DHARAMSALA, India — Sri Lanka beat India by seven wickets in the first one day international on Sunday to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
Earlier, Suranga Lakmal picked up a career-best 4-13 as India was bowled out for 112 runs in 38.2 overs.
Chasing 113, the visitors rode Upul Tharanga's 49 runs to scale the target in 20.4 overs to secure the one-sided victory.
Defending the lowly total, India started well as Jasprit Bumrah (1-32) had opener Danushka Gunathilaka (1) caught behind.
A short time later, Bhuvneshwar Kumar (1-42) bowled Lahiru Thirimanne for a three-ball duck as Sri Lanka was reduced to 19-2.
Bumrah also had Tharanga caught at gully in the sixth over, but his delivery was deemed a no ball. The batsman then stabilized Sri Lanka's innings and put on 46 runs with Angelo Mathews (25 not out).
Hardik Pandya (1-39) was taken for runs but he managed to get Tharanga caught behind.
Thereafter, Mathews added 49 runs for the fourth wicket with Niroshan Dickwella (26 not out) and took Sri Lanka home.
“We need to give 200 per cent credit to our bowlers. They bowled very well. This was an unplayable wicket and we didn't expect it to be so. Lakmal is our No. 1 bowler. He did well in the test series for us too,” said Thisara Perera, the Sri Lanka skipper, after the win.
India started the match on the back foot and at one point was reduced to 29-7.
MS Dhoni scored 65 runs as he salvaged some pride for the hosts. Even so, this was India's lowest ODI total at home since 1993 when they were bowled out for 100 by the West Indies at Ahmedabad.
“We were not up to the mark today. There weren't enough runs on the board. If we had another 70-80 runs, we could have made a game out of it. But we will not get flat wickets every day and this will be a learning curve for us. We have to look forward to the two remaining matches,” said Rohit Sharma, India's stand-in skipper, after the loss.
Put into bat, India started poorly as both openers were dismissed with the scoreboard on 2-2. Angelo Mathews (1-8) trapped Shikhar Dhawan (0) lbw, while Rohit Sharma (2) was caught behind off Lakmal.
Lakmal was nearly unplayable as the Indian top order struggled. Dinesh Karthik was out lbw for an 18-ball duck and Manish Pandey (2) was caught at slip.
Nuwan Pradeep (2-37) got into the act as debutant Shreyas Iyer (9) played on. Afterwards, Hardik Pandya (10) edged him to slip with India toiling at 28-6.
Lakmal bowled ten overs on the bounce and picked up Bhuvneshwar Kumar (0). He improved on his previous best of 4-30 against England at Pallekele in 2014.
Dhoni then came to India's rescue and scored his 67th ODI half-century off 78 balls. He anchored the innings with a 41-run partnership for the eighth wicket with Kuldeep Yadav (19).
Then he added another 17 runs with Jasprit Bumrah (0) and 15 with Yuzvendra Chahal (0 not out), pushing India past an unlikely 100 in the 37th over.
Two overs later, Dhoni was last man out, caught at deep cover off Thisara Perera (1-29). Overall, he faced 87 balls and hit 10 fours along with two sixes.
The second ODI is scheduled for Mohali on Dec. 13.
World Malaria Day 2018: Ready to beat Malaria
Malaria remains one of the oldest diseases in the world. According to statistics from the World Health Organisation, 3.4 billion people live in areas at risk of malaria transmission in 91 countries and territories.
Malaria is a disease that is transmitted through the bites of infected female Anopheles mosquitoes. The disease is caused by Plasmodium parasites. Two of the parasite species that cause malaria in humans pose the greatest threat. The species are Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax.
P. falciparum is the most prevalent malaria parasite on the African continent. It is responsible for most malaria-related deaths globally.
P. vivax is the dominant malaria parasite in most countries outside of sub-Saharan Africa.
The most recent report by WHO reveals an estimated 216 million malaria cases and 445,000 deaths. It also shows that an estimated 91% of deaths in 2016 were in the WHO African Region.
Symptoms
Symptoms may vary due to age, severity and the level of immunity in the individual.
In a non-immune individual, the symptoms including fever, headache, and chills may be mild making it difficult to recognize malaria. If not treated within 24 hours, malaria can become more severe and lead to death.
In Children with severe malaria, symptoms as severe anaemia, and respiratory distress are seen
Who is at risk?
The most vulnerable are persons with no or little immunity against the disease.
• Young children, who have not yet developed partial immunity to malaria
• Pregnant women, whose immunity is decreased by pregnancy, especially during the first and second pregnancies
• Travelers or migrants coming from areas with little or no malaria transmission, who lack immunity.
Prevention
Malaria can be prevented with the use of treated mosquito nets and indoor spraying with insecticides. Antimalarial medicines can also be used to prevent malaria. For travellers, malaria can be prevented through chemoprophylaxis, which suppresses the blood stage of malaria infections. Keeping a clean surrounding without stagnant water also helps in preventing the breeding of the mosquitoes
Treatment
Malaria is best treated with artemisinin-based combination therapy (ACT). The parasite P.falciparum has shown resistance to medicines such as chloroquine and sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP).
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ISLAMABAD — Pakistan is still mulling Afghanistan's recent overtures, including an invitation that Pakistani prime minister visit Kabul.
Analysts widely see the offer as a good sign, underscoring that dialogue between the two often uneasy neighbours is key to defeating militants on both sides of the border.
Pakistan, however, says it wants to consult the country's political and military leadership before accepting Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's invitation.
The invitation follows a visit last weekend to Kabul by Pakistan's National Security Adviser Nasser Janjua and also last month's offer by Ghani of unconditional talks with the Taliban.
The Taliban have not responded yet.
Pakistan's foreign ministry spokesman Moahmmad Faisal said on Tuesday the country's political and military leaders are carefully considering the invitation in order “to prepare a brief for the prime minister.”
Franz Ferdinand have released a new video for “Glimpse of Love,” a fun and irreverent track from their latest album Always Ascending. The song is a great, funky dance track on an album full of them and the new video, directed by Alice Kunisue, is as silly and charming as the song itself. It follows the band members around a farm, who are being deadly serious while doing goofy choreographed dances. Visually it is reminiscent of an old BBC documentary, which adds to the comedy of it all. After a long absence between albums, Franz Ferdinand has used their return to music as an excuse to experiment and have a good time, if nothing else, they've certainly been entertaining to watch.
Watch the video below:
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) – A Southwest Airlines pilot has been arrested on a weapons charge in New York after airport security officers found a loaded handgun in his carry-on bag.
Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says 55-year-old Erik Gibson was slated to pilot a flight to Tampa, Florida, on Monday morning when Transportation Security Administration officers found the gun during routine screening.
Apple says Gibson, who's from Louisiana, told authorities he forgot he was carrying the gun. He had flown to Albany from New Orleans on Sunday but had gone through a crew line that didn't have security screening.
Apple said Gibson was charged with misdemeanor weapon possession and released on $200 bail.
Officials don't know if he has a lawyer, and Southwest didn't reply to an email seeking comment.
It was the second gun found by Albany baggage screeners in four weeks.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
Protesters gathered outside Trump Tower in Chicago to denounce white supremacists following the violence in Charlottesville, VA. (Source: WBBM/CNN)
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) - A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote "Hahahaha love this" in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways."
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a "good man who made a stupid comment."
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
However, if some of us sometimes stumble with our words, it is not for lack of compassion. Rather, it is often an awkward attempt to express feeling in the face of an experience that many of us have never known. Perhaps our quiet presence is what is most important for those who are suffering. Terminal illness is a road that no one should have to travel alone.
SUSAN DUNN
VALLEY GLEN, CALIF.
To the Editor:
I have stage IV lung cancer, buoyed by immunotherapy for the past year with no specific end in sight. Lung cancer carries a stigma. “No, I have never smoked. I did not give this to myself,” I answer as people give me those woeful doe eyes. I am everybody's friend and nobody's friend — a talisman to check in with and then, with a smile, politely leave to head toward people who are more alive. I struggle with what to say. “Treatable, but not curable.” It is all so tiresome. I stick close to those who indeed love me and surround me as they always have — seeing me as me and not just a purveyor of cancer.
ERIN FARRAR, PORTLAND, ORE.
To the Editor:
As my wife was dying of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease), I grew to want to hear the phrase “What can I do for you?” from those who contacted me. This simple phrase cuts to the chase of what each person needs; everyone reacts differently to situations such as Kate Bowler's. One day you may need a hug, another day you may need someone to pick up some groceries. I feel deep down that people are looking for clues how to help. “What can I do for you?” can answer that question clearly and directly.
CRAIG WROBEL
MUNDELEIN, ILL.
To the Editor:
While thoughtful and descriptive, this article at times revealed a certain superiority that seems unfortunate. Kate Bowler's friends and family are most likely doing their utmost to show compassion and care, in the only ways they know how, and yet the author chooses to criticize them with gentle mockery?
FIONA BAYLY, NEW YORK
To the Editor:
As a woman with an incurable chronic condition, I found Kate Bowler's essay gripping for its honesty and helpful for its straightforward advice. As a chronic illness drags on over the months and years, friends get tired of trying to talk about it. They want to care, but, honestly, they get bored. I bore myself. So we say we're fine when we're not. We say we don't need anything, but what we want the most is to talk.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The losses one experiences are incalculable. I've lost dear friends because I can't go out at night or I have to cancel plans at the last minute because of pain or soul-crushing fatigue. And then there's the loss of who I was.
Honestly, at a very low point, I've even wished for something more dramatic or life-ending, like cancer. People might “get it,” and then I could die.
CHRIS NEWBILL, ALBUQUERQUE
To the Editor:
As she faces death, Kate Bowler has opened up a conversation that many of us need to have on this almost taboo subject. I discovered long ago as an Episcopal pastor something that may help. In the first few years, I tried to explain death and rebirth to grieving families with my highfalutin theology. I could see them looking the other way or changing the subject. Then it came to me to ask a simple question: “When you think of your loved one, what are you most thankful for?” Ah, the loved ones responded well to that, coming up with all sorts of things.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If I were Ms. Bowler's pastor, I wouldn't ask her what she is most thankful for — that could be intrusive — but I would say, “Kate Bowler, I am thankful for you.” I hope that when it comes my turn, I will tell loved ones of all the good things they, my angels, gave me. And I hope the same for others.
(REV.) WILLIAM BARNWELL
NEW ORLEANS
To the Editor:
As a colon cancer survivor, I relate to the feelings and thoughts that Kate Bowler expressed so eloquently. All one can do is put one foot in front of the other and address the task at hand. Staying in the present moment helped me the most. You are here now; you are a mother now; you are a wife now. You are both loved and loving now. I wish you the best, Ms. Bowler.
SANDRA SINGER, NEW YORK
To the Editor:
Dear Kate,
You have given a voice to living with the unfortunate diagnosis of stage IV cancer that I know too well. I too sync my life with my CT scans. Last spring's positive scan allowed for a wonderful summer of short-term goals and beauty while working in my gardens. I have a new lily garden and a renewed friendship with my 86-year-old neighbor who mentored me in this process.
I, too, have endured many people's bumbling attempts at support. I understand the fear and discomfort. If you want to truly be there for a friend, neighbor or family member, just show up. There is nothing to fix or make better. Just keep showing up.
LISA ROUNDS, CHICHESTER, N.H.
To the Editor:
Who could not feel for Kate Bowler as she faces her mortality? Yet I was offended by her article. We, as a society, stink at talking about death since we inexplicably choose to disbelieve that it is looming for our loved ones and ourselves.
I was offended not by Ms. Bowler's reaction to all the well-meaning, albeit awkward, platitudes that she regularly endures. That's her business. I was offended by her apparent thinking that one size fits all when it comes to fielding those platitudes. Some facing death may meet it morbidly, others angrily, spiritually or even humorously. It's a very personal choice.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Bowler's article should be viewed as a personal and thought-provoking (maybe even conversation-provoking) piece. It should not be taken as a guide.
PETER KEATING, CARMEL, CALIF.
To the Editor:
Last summer a fire destroyed thousands of acres, including much beloved hiking trails, in the Columbia River Gorge. The Oregonian newspaper ran an editorial that said people's reaction to the fire was the same as being told that a loved one had terminal cancer.
I wrote to the editor that my wife had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and as much as I was saddened by the fire, the two were not the same. She responded that I was wrong, that I didn't understand how people were grieving the loss of a forest.
The trees are now growing back. My wife died on Oct. 14.
FRED LEONHARDT
PORTLAND, ORE.
Getty Image
Over the weekend, the Alabama Senate race reached its homestretch as national Democrats like Sen. Cory Booker and former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick traveled south and stumped for former prosecutor Doug Jones while Republicans released a video of alleged pedophile Roy Moore being interviewed by a 12-year-old girl. Democrats are hoping that their strategy will be more effective and are set to unleash a Barack Obama robocall aimed at Alabama voters to head to the polls on Election Day.
“This one's serious,” Obama says in the call. “You can't sit it out.”
According to CNN, Obama recorded his message in the last few days as President Trump (who also recorded a robocall) has ratcheted up his endorsements of Roy Moore. Obama does not mention Moore's name in his call but focuses on Doug Jones' virtues as a candidate.
“Doug Jones is a fighter for equality, for progress,” Obama says. “Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama.”
In November, Obama campaigned for Virginia's Ralph Northam and New Jersey's Phil Murphy in their gubernatorial elections, which both Democrats won. While it's not known how much of an effect either Obama or Trump's robocalls will have on the election, as the polls show, the involvement of both men is yet another clear indication that the candidates are running neck and neck.
(Via CNN)
With Microsoft Edge you can go directly from a mobile device to a Windows 10 PC without skipping a beat.
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
Martin Clunes' popular ITV drama Doc Martin will finish its run with the ninth series in 2018, RadioTimes.com can reveal.
Advertisement
2017 sees ITV air series 8 of the Martin Clunes drama in which he plays the uptight but brilliant GP who has been relocated to the fictional Cornish village of Portwenn.
But despite rumours that this would be the final series, the show will in fact conclude in 2018 with series 9. Both shows are likely to air in the autumn of their respective years.
Clunes himself, whose wife Philippa Braithwaite runs the production company Buffalo Pictures that makes the show, assures RadioTimes.com that there will be a series 8 this year and a series 9 next year. And then that really WILL be it.
“We start making [series 8] in spring and it'll probably be on air in the autumn,” he says. So [series 8] is the second to last.”
The news is likely to get a mixed reaction from fans of the show, which is one of ITV's most popular dramas, regularly pulling in audiences of more than 6m per episode.
It stars Clunes as the eponymous Doc, a brilliant surgeon who has been forced to move to Cornwall and work as a GP because he developed a fear of blood.
He is abrupt manner has led to various run ins with the locals, but his medical brilliance has earned him their grudging respect. A recurrent thread also involves his on-off relationship with local primary school teacher Louisa Glasson (Caroline Catz, see picture below) with whom his character has a child.
The series started in 2004 and seven series, total 54 episodes plus a 2006 film, have aired so far.
Actor Ian McNeice who plays café owner Bert Large in the show, recently revealed that the cast feared that series seven was going to be the last because of the lavish nature of the series 7 wrap party.
He said: “At the end of the series we had a wrap party with the best drinks and food ever and we were thinking this is looking pretty – is this a goodbye? We were getting a little nervous. Then we had a cast and crew photograph and we had never had that before, and it was slightly unnerving that the end of this series we wrap things up nicely. But it is not over and we are thrilled.”
After it ends in 2018 the series is also poised to live on with a US remake currently being worked on by Marta Kauffman, the co-creator of Friends.
Advertisement
Doc Martin series 8 starts on ITV on Wednesday 20 September
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Sedina Tamakloe Attionu
Former CEO of the Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC), Sedina Tamakloe Attionu, says allegations of corruption under her tenure are designed to undermine the massive achievements chalked during her tenure.
According to her, claims of possible over-pricing of some 350 vehicles procured by MASLOC for the Ghana Private Road Transport Union (GPRTU) during her tenure are false.
“I refute in no uncertain terms these spurious and baseless allegations intended to tarnish my tenure as CEO of MASLOC. I am happy that some officials of the GPRTU have spoken out, of their own volition, to refute the lies of the NPP administration,” Tamakloe Attionu said in a statement.
Read her entire statement below;
THE TRUE STORY OF JOHN MAHAMA'S SUPPORT FOR THE GPRTU & PRIVATE TRANSPORTERS
Since exiting office as the Chief Executive of MASLOC on January 7, 2017, several spurious allegations and fabricated stories have been levelled against my tenure.
Some of the claims are so bizarre, one wonders how seemingly productive thought processes were harnessed to put together such outrageously and palpably false figments of imagination.
Over the last few days, the new CEO of MASLOC aided by one Gabby Okyere Darko using the Statesman newspaper and his personal social media handles, have been out and about claiming that three hundred and fifty (350) vehicles acquired by MASLOC have been left abandoned because their intended beneficiaries, the GPRTU, have rejected them since the former management and government inflated the cost of the vehicles to US$2million.
I refute in no uncertain terms these spurious and baseless allegations intended to tarnish my tenure as CEO of MASLOC. I am happy that some officials of the GPRTU have spoken out, of their own volition, to refute the lies of the NPP administration.
Our politics cannot be allowed to continue to be tele-guided by lies and misrepresentations by the followers of the Danquah-Busia tradition. We should do away with such negative and nation-wrecking political manipulations and concentrate, as the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and especially H.E. John Dramani Mahama demonstrated, on nation-building, consistent transformation of our economy and tackling our infrastructural deficit in a manner that will ensure the sustained development of our motherland.
Far from being abandoned because the GPRTU rejected them, the vehicles procured by the NDC's John Mahama administration through MASLOC are still where they are because after the handing over of the administration of Government and MASLOC, on January 7, 2017, the new management of MASLOC has failed or refused to proceed with the processes towards handing over the vehicles to the GPRTU members.
As Government is a continuum as evidenced by the commissioning of several of President Mahama's Projects by President Nana Akufo Addo, the onus lay on the current CEO, Mr. Stephen Amoah, to continue the GPRTU project in a seamless manner and take credit for the project, if he so desired.
However, vilification of my tenure has so consumed him that in pursuing that agenda he has failed to stay focused on his job and has ended up exhibiting gross negligence and dereliction of duty. Having been caught pants down, he now seeks to lay blame on my tenure by concocting stories of vilification.
Had the Statesman reporter followed basic journalistic ethics by verifying his information with me before publication, he would have realized that his report was inaccurate.
However, it seems clear that the story was published with the sole aim of ridiculing and tarnishing my tenure and that of the entire Management and staff of MASLOC who served during that period.
MASLOC was governed by a Board comprising persons of high moral character and repute and was chaired by a seasoned Chartered Accountant.
As a professional with over twenty-five years working experience in both the Private and Public Sector, I served my country to the best of my ability with competence, integrity and humility.
1. I urge the general public to disregard the irresponsible and bogus publications by the Daily Guide and Statesman Newspapers.
2. I urge the general public to treat with contempt the reckless, foolhardy comments and tweets by Ibrahim Adjei and Gabby Asare Okyere Darko, both of the Presidency.
3. I urge the general public to treat with scorn the pathetic, fallacious, unprofessional gibberish of Stephen Amoah (CEO of MASLOC) and Maame Afua Akoto (Deputy CEO of MASLOC), which they continue to spew forth.
BELOW ARE SOME FACTS ON THE MASLOC/GPRTU PROJECT AS WELL AS THE ACQUISITION OF TRICYCLES FOR MASLOC:
MASLOC/GPRTU Collaboration
On October 3, 2017, a publication by the Statesman Newspaper sought to impugne wrongdoing and corruption to my tenure as CEO of MASLOC, with the caption “$2M INFLATED CAR DEAL AT MASLOC – GPRTU snub leaves 350 cars rotting” with my picture and that of a car on the front page of the newspaper stating categorically that vehicles purchased for the Ghana Private Road Transport Union (GPRTU) amounted to US$2,000,000 and as such GPRTU had refused to take up the vehicles for utilization by
their members.
This was followed by a Facebook post and Twitter Tweet by Gabby Asare Okyere Darko (of UN General Assembly fame), “This is how govt wastes ya money as tax payer. In 2016, paid $16,000 each for 100 cars when it sells for $9,000 retail” with a photo of the said publication.
My attention has also been drawn to ‘negative' radio interviews granted by the current CEO of MASLOC, Mr. Stephen Amoah, and the Deputy CEO of MASLOC, Maame Afua
Akoto.
Find below the facts of the MASLOC/GPRTU Project:
• Former President John Dramani Mahama initiated the MASLOC/GPRTU Hire Purchase Programme to assist GPRTU augment its fleet, following a meeting with the leadership of the Union at which they recounted the challenges being faced with accessing funds to revamp their fleet.
• Note that the John Mahama Government had successfully retooled the InterCity STC, augmented the Metro Mass Transit Company's fleet, and implemented the Bus Rapid Transport system (BRT) and with newly Ayalolo Buses. It was now the turn of the Private Sector – GPRTU would be assisted to acquire 250 (1.3litre) cars for commercial taxis and 100 (33-seater) buses under the MASLOC Vehicle Hire Purchase Programme.
• It is important to state that this process started as far back as May 20, 2016, with a letter from the GPRTU with reference number IV/C.11/SF.3/VOL.6/91, and signed by Mr. Issah M. Khaleepha, GPRTU General Secretary, requesting MASLOC to assist the Union financially to acquire vehicles for their members to replace the old and rickety ones on the roads.
• The letter indicated that the GPRTU were already in talks with MAC Auto & Spare Parts (Gh) Limited for the supply of some vehicles as follows (price is per unit without VAT and NHIL): 100 Chevrolet Spark LITE @ $13,850.00; 150 Chevrolet Aveo @ $15,850.00; 100 IZUZU HB-208 @ $94,800.00.
• It was agreed with the supplier that the quoted prices would be converted to Ghana Cedis at a rate of 4.0ghc to the dollar, and there would be no upward revision of the rate at any time.
• In order to enable the Union acquire the buses under softer financial arrangements in terms of pricing and tax regimes, MASLOC applied through the
Chief of Staff to the Ministry of Finance to waive the taxes and duties on the vehicles.
• A Memorandum of Understanding was signed by the parties on June 8, 2016. A supplementary Memorandum of Understanding reviewing the Principal
Memorandum of Understanding was signed on August 2, 2016, stating that MASLOC would make a 30% down payment with the balance paid in equal
quarterly installments over a period of twenty-four (24) months.
• The Memorandum by GPRTU on the Acquisition of the Vehicles from MAC Auto and Spare Parts Limited financed by MASLOC was signed on August 11, 2016, by their National & Regional Executive and MASLOC. A pricing schedule/ repayment plan was discussed and accepted.
• A letter was written to PPA requesting their approval to single source the vehicles from MAC Auto. MASLOC received a response from the PPA acknowledging the receipt of the letter and requesting MASLOC to provide them with the Financial Arrangements approved by the Ministry of Finance.
• MASLOC had several meetings with the Minister of Finance, Deputy Minister of Finance and Chief Director of Finance on the matter. The Minister for Finance indicated that they would pay 30% of the total amount as deposit; MASLOC would set up a line purchase mechanism to repay that advance and purchase price for the buses; all recoveries would be paid into a revolving fund out of which the supplier would be paid; interest that accrued would be used for subsequent purchases.
• After the launching ceremony, a draft contract agreement was designed by MASLOC and given to the GPRTU for review; GPRTU indicated that they were
satisfied with the contents and were ready for the contract to be signed; GPRTU also informed MASLOC that its members were prepared to make the deposit payment and go through the process of accessing the vehicles.
• Unfortunately, these processes could not be concluded before I exited office on January 7, 2017. Ms. Esther Agbeko who was nominated to act in my stead until a substantive CEO was appointed by President Nana Akuffo Addo, as I have been informed, wrote to brief the new Chief of Staff some time in February 2017 on the GPRTU project to enable MASLOC proceed with the signing of the above contracts and commence the disbursement process.
• The vehicles have remained parked where they were before January 7, 2017, and neither the new CEO nor the Chief of Staff has initiated the processes to have the vehicles released to the GPRTU.
Fellow Ghanaians, wherein lies the truth of the claim that the vehicles have been abandoned because we inflated the prices of the vehicles leading to the rejection of the vehicles by the GPRTU?
Such outright lies, told to cover up the ineptitude and partisan handling of national issues, can only come from depraved minds. No single unit of those vehicles was issued to any GPRTU member, so if as they are planning, they want to deny the Union the vehicles and rather allocate them to identified members of their Party, they should just go ahead instead of dragging the name of H.E. John Dramani Mahama and his appointees at MASLOC in the mud.
TRICYCLES
May I take this opportunity to react to the baseless and vexatious allegations made against my tenure by Mr. Ibrahim Adjei of the Presidency. He claimed on Metro TV's Good Morning Ghana program, that I had inflated the price of tricycles for MASLOC by purchasing six hundred (600) tricycles for GHC 17million.
The facts relating to the purchase of the tricycles are as follows:
• In October 2016, Management of MASLOC received approval from its Board to purchase 2,000 tricycles.
• Based on the approval, MASLOC wrote to PPA, requesting to procure the tricycles on the basis of a restricted tender.
• Three companies were submitted to the PPA for approval to undertake this exercise.
• PPA granted approval for the use of restricted tendering for the procurement of the tricycles at a total cost of not more than GHC 17,000,000.00.
• The three companies were asked to tender their bids. The necessary processes were undertaken and the bids were assessed.
• The successful company supplied six hundred (600) tricycles before I exited office. Upon that supply, 40% payment was to have been made to the supplier.
The remaining 1,400 tricycles would also be supplied after which payment would have been made 3-6 months thereafter.
• No payment was made for the supply of the 600 tricycles till I exited office. Fellow Ghanaians, wherein lies the truth of the claim that six hundred (600) tricycles were purchased at GHC17,000,000?
• Can paying GHC17,000,000 for six hundred (600) tricycles be equated to paying GHC17,000,000 for two thousand (2,000) tricycles? NO
• Did MASLOC make any payments on the 600 tricycles delivered during my tenure? NO
• Did MASLOC distribute any of the 600 tricycles delivered during my tenure? NO
To categorically state that MASLOC purchased 600 tricycles for GHC17million and insinuate a corrupt inflated deal is an outright despicable falsehood, reflective of the degenerate mental state of Ibrahim Adjei and his cohorts.
I hereby serve notice that I intend to fearlessly protect my hard-earned reputation.
Sedina Tamakloe Attionu
Former CEO, MASLOC
CHICAGO — Prosecutors want the maximum 15-year prison term for a young Chicago-area man who sought to join an al-Qaida-linked group fighting Bashar Assad's regime in Syria.
They requested the sentence in a court filing Thursday for Abdella Ahmad Tounisi's (too-NEE'-see), who was 18 when arrested in an FBI internet sting in 2013. He has pleaded guilty to attempting to offer material support to foreign terrorists.
Tounisi's lawyers want a seven-year term. They say their client felt isolated as a Muslim in the U.S. and that his decision to travel to Syria reflected his immaturity. They insist he's tried to change since then.
Prosecutors say Tounisi persisted even after a friend was arrested on terrorism charges in 2012, and after relatives expressed concern about his interest in Syria.
Sentencing is Oct. 19.
Vice-President Mike Pence continues his 10-day trip to Asia with a day-two visit to the DMZ and discussions with interim South Korean President Hwang. VP Pence delivered remarks during a meeting with President Hwang:
[Transcript] THE VICE PRESIDENT: Good afternoon. Ahn-young Ha-shim-nika.
To Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn, thank you for the kind words and the hospitality you have shown me and my family in welcoming us to the Republic of Korea, my very first stop in the Asia Pacific as Vice President of the United States.
It's a great honor for me to be in South Korea today. And I bring greetings from the President of the United States, President Donald Trump, and on his behalf, I am here to express the unwavering support of the United States for our longstanding alliance with South Korea.
President Trump and I are grateful for your strong partnership with the United States. We commend you personally for your steady hand in this time of transition in South Korea. The President and our entire administration admire the South Korean people's commitment to the rule of law and the democratic process — and we look forward to the upcoming election with great anticipation.
While change is coming on May 9th, the people of South Korea may be assured — whatever change happens in your elections, the commitment of the United States to South Korea's safety and security will remain unchanged.
On behalf of the President of the United States, my message to the people of South Korea is this: We are with you 100 percent. Even in these troubled times, we stand with you for a free and secure future.
The United States of America stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the Republic of Korea, and the service and vigilance of some 37,500 U.S. soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines on this frontier of freedom stand as a testament to the enduring partnership between our people.
The alliance between South Korea and the United States is the linchpin of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and indeed throughout the Asia Pacific.
The United States' commitment to South Korea is ironclad and immutable. And under President Trump's leadership, I know our alliance will even be stronger, our nations will be safer, and the Asia Pacific will be more secure.
Nowhere is that more evident than with our commitment to confront the region's most dangerous and urgent threat to peace and security — the regime in North Korea.
Since 1992, the United States and our allies have stood together for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. We hope to achieve this objective through peaceable means. But all options are on the table.
Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new President in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test his resolve — or the strength of the Armed Forces of the United States in this region.
We will continue to deploy the THAAD missile-defense system as a defensive measure — called for by the alliance, and for the alliance. We will continue to evolve a comprehensive set of capabilities to ensure the security of South Korea. And as our Secretary of Defense made clear here in South Korea not long ago, we will defeat any attack, and we will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response.
Strategic patience has been the approach of the last American administration and beyond. For more than two decades, the United States and our allies have worked to peacefully dismantle North Korea's nuclear program and alleviate the suffering of their people. But at every step of the way, North Korea answered our overtures with willful deception, broken promises, and nuclear and missile tests.
Over the past 18 months, North Korea has conducted two unlawful nuclear tests and an unprecedented number of ballistic missile tests, even conducting a failed missile launch as I traveled here for this visit.
The era of strategic patience is over.
Earlier this month, President Trump spoke with you, Acting President Hwang, to reaffirm the strength of our alliance. As I reassured you today, we will continue to closely consult with South Korea and your leadership as we make decisions moving forward.
We also call on other regional powers and the entire international community to join us to confront North Korea and demand that it abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, to turn away from renewed hostility towards its neighbors, and to end the repression of its own people.
Earlier this month, President Trump met with Chinese President Xi at the Southern White House. The two leaders noted the urgency of the threat posed by North Korea's weapons programs and each of them reaffirmed their commitment to a denuclearized Korean Peninsula during that meeting on April 7th.
They also committed to fully implement U.N. Security Council resolutions, and to increase cooperation to convince North Korea to abandon its illicit weapons programs.
It is heartening to see China commit to these actions. But the United States is troubled by China's economic retaliation against South Korea for taking appropriate steps to defend itself. The better path would be for China to address the North Korean threat that is actually making such defensive measures necessary.
Now while issues like that remain, the President and I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea, but as President Trump made clear just a few short days ago, if China is unable to deal with North Korea, the United States, and our allies, will.
So today it is my privilege, on behalf of President Trump, to reaffirm the United States' enduring commitment to the security and prosperity of South Korea and to assure the people of South Korea of our unbreakable bond. We are bound together by our shared values, but also by our shared sacrifice. A free and democratic South Korea was forged in the fires of sacrifice by soldiers from both our lands. And my father was one of them.
Sixty-five years ago, Second Lieutenant Edward J. Pence, of the 45th Infantry Division in the United States Army, fought alongside brave South Korean forces, to win the freedom of this land.
While he came home to raise a family, he had friends in uniform, from America and Korea, who went home to eternity. So, too, the friendship between our two free nations is eternal. We have bled together. We have prospered together. And on that foundation, the people of the United States of America and South Korea, will face the future together.
With courage, determination, and faith — we go together –Katchi Kapshida.
So thank you, Mr. Acting President, for your hospitality. It is a great, great honor to be with you today. (Applause.)
END [Transcript Link]
#VPinAsia Day Two: Briefing at the DMZ, productive meeting with Acting President Hwang, & visiting with @USEmbassySeoul staff & our troops. pic.twitter.com/ez7XlanDcX — Vice President Pence (@VP) April 17, 2017
Advertisements
FG, Microsoft to digitalize investment climates in Nigeria
By Emeka Aginam
The Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment , MITI has partnered with Microsoft, through its Africa Open4Business programme, to digitally transform the delivery of services to the investor community in Nigeria and evolve the regulatory and procedural environment governing business incorporation.
By harnessing advances in cloud technologies, MITI aims to transform the reach and scope of government-to-investor services in the country, creating an agile and investment-friendly environment.
With the new partnership, MITI strongly believes that digital technologies play a pivotal and fundamental role in evaluating and changing the landscape for reforms, with e-reforms becoming the next big thing for Nigeria, for government operations and services, and for the economy at large.
“Our partnership with Microsoft is designed to drive business model innovations, which will transform the delivery of services to current and prospective investors in Nigeria,” Okechukwu Enelamah, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, said, adding that, “The objective is to deliver self-provisioned, expedient and technology-driven services to the highly-valued constituencies of investors that we are mandated and keen to serve”.
According to him, the partnership between MITI and Microsoft is expected to tap into the portfolio of services availed through the Microsoft 4Afrika Initiative, to jointly drive digital transformation and advance Nigeria's Ease of Doing Business ranking.
Speaking on the support from Microsoft, Hakeen Adeniji-Adele, Public Sector Director at Microsoft Nigeria, says: ““The Africa Open4Business programme helps to tackle one of the main challenges deterring investors: A lack of credible and timely investment-related information. By helping MITI modernise and digitise this information, we will enable MITI to engage with investors on a frequent and timely basis, to increase investment levels and, ultimately, the pace of job creation.”
Also speaking, Azza El Shinnawy, Director of Government Solutions, Microsoft Africa Initiatives, “By integrating cloud technology, we will be able to cut down both the time and costs investors spend to incorporate and maintain their businesses in Nigeria.
Cloud technology will also help MITI proactively communicate opportunities to a global community of investors, expanding investment horizons and showing that Nigeria is indeed open for business.”
Meanwhile, in World Bank's compilation of Ease of Doing Business ranking annually in partnership governments, Nigeria is currently ranked 169 out of 190 economies.
Country rankings are highly observed by the global investor community, as they generally reflect not only the conduciveness of the regulatory and procedural environment facing new market entrants, but also how businesses interact with government regulatory agencies throughout their lifecycle.
The post FG, Microsoft to digitalize investment climates in Nigeria appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AMSTERDAM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 31, 2018--By 2022, more than 4 in 10 employees around the world are expected to be mobile, according to Strategy Analytics. With an increasing need for workplace mobility, Acer has incorporated Gemalto miniaturized embedded SIM (eSIM) into its Swift 7 laptops to offer ultra-portable always-connected PCs that enable users to be connected on the go.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005103/en/
Always-on 4G LTE Acer Swift 7 (Photo: Acer)
Compliant with the GSMA Remote SIM Provisioning specifications, Gemalto eSIM is fully integrated with Windows 10. Users can easily activate the default telecom operator profile which comes with the new Acer Swift 7. Later on, they can switch to their preferred mobile network operator without the need to change SIM cards as eSIM is globally interoperable across all carriers. Thanks to reliable and always-on mobile eSIM connectivity, professionals gain in work productivity and efficiency wherever they are.
Mobility is gaining traction worldwide. IDC reported that global spending on mobility-related hardware, software, and services – such as smartphones, enterprise mobility management software and mobile connectivity services will reach US$1.72 trillion by 2021, up by 8.5% compared to last year. The U.S, Mainland China, and Japan are expected to be the top three markets in terms of mobility spending throughout the forecast period.
"With Gemalto's proven expertise in eSIM deployment, the Acer Swift 7 can help professionals stay productive with flexible and seamless connectivity on the go," said Jerry Hou, General Manager, Consumer Notebooks, IT Products Business, Acer. “Similar to smartphones, always-connected PCs such as Acer's Swift 7 will get notifications and pull data without ever disconnecting. We are delighted to provide this seamless connectivity, which will in turn help organizations better serve the needs of the growing pool of mobile workers,” said Sashidhar Thothadri, senior vice president, Mobile Services & IOT Asia, Gemalto.
About Gemalto
Gemalto (Euronext NL0000400653 GTO) is the global leader in digital security, with 2017 annual revenues of €3 billion and customers in over 180 countries. We bring trust to an increasingly connected world.
From secure software to biometrics and encryption, our technologies and services enable businesses and governments to authenticate identities and protect data so they stay safe and enable services in personal devices, connected objects, the cloud and in between.
Gemalto's solutions are at the heart of modern life, from payment to enterprise security and the internet of things. We authenticate people, transactions and objects, encrypt data and create value for software – enabling our clients to deliver secure digital services for billions of individuals and things.
Our 15,000 employees operate out of 114 offices, 40 personalization and data centers, and 35 research and software development centers located in 47 countries.
For more information visit www.gemalto.com, or follow @gemalto on Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005103/en/
CONTACT: Gemalto media contacts:
Tauri Cox
North America
+1 512 257 3916
tauri.cox@gemalto.com
or
Sophie Dombres
Europe Middle East & Africa
+33 4 42 36 57 38
sophie.dombres@gemalto.com
or
Jaslin Huang
Asia Pacific
+65 6317 3005
jaslin.huang@gemalto.com
or
Enriqueta Sedano
Latin America
+52 5521221422
enriqueta.sedano@gemalto.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA NETHERLANDS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Gemalto
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/31/2018 01:00 AM/DISC: 05/31/2018 01:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005103/en
I blame Adobe for this. Ulysses, one of the best writing tools available right now, is going subscription only. If you previously purchased Ulysses for Mac or iOS (it works seamlessly across Macs, iPhones, and iPads) you are now going to have to pony up £4.49 a month or £36 a year in order to enjoy any new features the development team might roll out for the software.
And again, I blame Adobe for this, because it taught software developers that they can put their clients over a barrel—royally screwing early adopters by having them pay repeatedly for product.
Back in 2013 Adobe moved its most valuable software, including Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere, to a subscription-only model. If you want to use the industry standard software Adobe creates you have to throw down a monthly fee. It's been a sore point for many a computer user who still remembers the halcyon days when purchasing software meant you, essentially, owned it.
Since then many apps have moved to this new model—often promising cool updates as a “reward” for being a subscriber. Quicken, Autodesk, Adobe, and even more niche companies now like Ulysses, are moving towards this model and there's no sign of them stopping any time soon.
Ulysses is developed by a small publisher called Soulmen, and it's co-founder, Max Seelman, took to Medium on Friday to defend his company's decision. “Our users expect a continuously evolving high quality product — and subscription is the only way we can truly deliver on that expectation,” he said in his post.
Seelman went on to explain how software development has shifted dramatically since Soulmen first launched Ulysses.
Software purchases used to be very different from how they are today. Until not too long ago, you would purchase an application and get a physical copy on a bunch of floppies (or later a CD). The thing you got — that was it. No patches, no updates. Developers had to put forward an extreme amount of attention to get everything right, because once an app was out, development had to be done.
Seelman then noted that software development dramatically shifted as internet speeds improved. With companies able to produce patches that not only resolved minor issues at launch, but also introduced new features.
At first, these resulted in new features being added on-the-fly, but it quickly evolved into issuing more and more substantial patches — until today, where most v1.0s are mere sketches of a future product.
Essentially, Seelman argues, software is now in constant development and pricing hasn't kept up with this new cycle.
Which, okay, it makes sense! If software is constantly getting features that normally would have warranted a new version and additional money than the company absolutely has the right to ask for more cash.
The company is offering, for a limited time, a discount to older users, and if this user happened to purchase the software within the last year than they'll also receive up to 12 months of free usage under the new payment model. Soulmen has also made it clear that the old version of the app available in the iOS and Mac app stores will be available for use and updated to work with iOS 11 and High Sierra. After that you're out of luck.
What's frustrating about this is how shifting to these new forms of payment are great for the developer and fine for new users, but suck, a lot, for old users. I know, because I've been using Ulysses for the better part of six years. It's a piece of software I'm so attached to I've name-checked it when people ask why I don't switch to Windows or Android for my daily work machines. The announcement of a move to subscription-based payment popped up as soon as I opened the app on my computer this morning and, annoyed, I took to Twitter to bask in the irritation of other users.
Wish you did it 3 weeks ago. Never would've purchased. Not interested in another sub service. Out $70. I'm going back to Scrivener. — Aloysius Kling (@outernerd) 13 August 2017
@ulyssesapp Even if I purchased both iOS and macOS apps, I get just 14 days of free use. Why? Thank you... pic.twitter.com/Ys8Vor6O2c — Francesco Fornaro (@Francesco) 13 August 2017
@ulyssesapp I bought this like a month ago. This is your idea of "recent"? pic.twitter.com/beh6GAP0dR — Zacha (@publiczacha) 13 August 2017
Ulysses isn't going to be the last app forced to make this decision. As consumers demand more and more from “minor” updates software developers will need to find a way to make profit. They can try to tightly manage their business and continue with the old model, demanding money only when a new and truly outstanding version appears, or they can go the Ulysses route, which many companies, including Adobe, have done before.
It's proven effective, even as subscription fees balloon on users' credit cards and leave them irritated and underwhelmed. Adobe, Autodesk and Quicken are all huge and required apps for their respective industries. They can afford to ask for money each month, but if Ulysses doesn't provide cool new features with every update, that $40 a year will quickly strike users as pointless and many will run back to Scrivener or some other non-subscription based app.
At the very least Ulysses could have taken a note from the book of Plex. That software suite went from completely free to a subscription based model and users were...not pleased. So Plex offered a lifetime membership. Essentially you pay out the nose once and never pay again. As someone who uses the app every day that was a no brainer for me. I dropped my wad of cash and never looked back, and I didn't have to love at yet another subscription fee on my credit card statement either.
More Software Posts:
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the “fraudulent” presidential elections.
“Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future,” she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
TORONTO — The Toronto Blue Jays selected right-handers Luis Santos and Rhiner Cruz to the active roster ahead of Wednesday's home game against the New York Mets.
The Blue Jays also designated right-hander Preston Guilmet for assignment and optioned left-hander Tim Mayza to triple-A Buffalo.
Santos was 2-2 with a 2.52 earned-run average over 17 appearances with the Bisons while Cruz was 1-0 with a 1.04 ERA in six games.
Guilmet made eight appearances with the Blue Jays, posting an 0-1 mark and 11.70 ERA.
Mayza was 1-0 with a 3.75 ERA in 12 games with Toronto.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Nearsightedness is going up at an alarming rate across the country and the world, and many people blame too much touchscreen time for kids on phones, tablets and computers.
CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reported it's not that simple. But still, there are some ways to combat the vision problem.
Myopia is more than cosmetic problem that requires wearing glasses or contacts. It puts a person at risk for a number of eye problems, from cataracts to glaucoma and even detached retinas.
Vision professionals are concerned because the incidence of myopia is increasing and getting worse.
Mia and Aaron Artsen are siblings who both started having problems with their vision at a pretty typical age.
“In second grade in the middle of the year, I couldn't see the board,” said Mia, 10.
Aaron, 11, had the same problem in class and said: “In baseball, I also had trouble. Whenever like a pitch was coming, it was blurry and I couldn't see the ball.”
Normally, myopia progresses gradually and stabilizes in early adulthood. But Mia and Aaron were both getting worse – quickly.
“In Aaron's follow-up, his eyes got worse, and Mia's were even worse than Aaron's,” said their mother, Maria Garcia.
The Artsen kids have a lot of company in the U.S. and across the world.
“The numbers of people that are nearsighted are extraordinary. In the United States, it's gone up to about 45 percent of the population, and there are estimates that by 2050, half the world's population will be nearsighted,” said Dr. David Troilo of SUNY College of Optometry.
Not surprisingly, parents tend to blame all the time the kids spend looking at electronics these days – phones, tablets, TVs and computers. Screen time may be a factor, partly for too much close-up focusing, but also because it is all done indoors.
“What's special about outdoors is not quite well-known yet,” Troilo said. “It could be the intensity of the light outside, which is much higher than it is indoors. It could also be the makeup of the light.”
There are several techniques that can slow the progression of myopia. Certain eyedrops as well as special contact lenses and glasses are options – the contacts that Mia and Aaron use actually reshape the cornea at night.
But more importantly, they can slow down the progress of myopia.
“The contact lenses and the progressive glasses, they project a different image stimuli to the periphery of your eyesight, and that peripheral stimuli has been shown to slow down the myopia progression,” said Dr. Xiaoying Zhu of the SUNY College of Optometry.
There are also genetic reasons for myopia, of course – it does tend to run in families. But experts advise helping your kids, get them to spend time outside.
The time does not require playing sports or even being that active – just reading a book outside in the sunlight seems to help.
We're on a mission, says Fahy 17 April 2017
Gerry Fahy.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Gerry Fahy.©INPHO/James Crombie.
Gerry Fahy says Galway will be going all out to beat Dublin in the last-ever All-Ireland U21 football final on Saturday week.
The Tribesmen sprung a huge surprise against Kerry on Saturday and are now focused on finishing the job.
"Right from the day that we met, you could sense from our lads that they were on a mission. They were going to give it everything they had and thankfully it worked out well for us," the Galway manager told the Irish Independent.
"These lads hadn't done well at minor level, they would have been disappointed that things didn't go well for them. We were very determined to win a Connacht championship. We won that, we were hoping it wouldn't satisfy us and now we are in a final we are going to have a right good crack at it.
"We should give credit to our team as we have good technical footballers. That made the difference. We were battle-hardened. We were tested all the way, we pushed every day we went out. Maybe it was a factor at the end."
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Glenn Hanna, Assistant Program Head, Justice Studies, University of Guelph-Humber, University of Guelph-Humber
It may be some time before we hear the full story from the Toronto police constable who apprehended the suspect in Monday's van attack that left 10 people dead and several others injured.
But many are rightfully praising the policeman's actions, and at the same time comparing them to the actions taken in other situations that have had significantly different outcomes.
This begs the question: Why didn't the police officer, now identified as Const. Ken Lam, shoot the suspect? The suspect appeared to be wielding a weapon as he walked toward Lam, and at one point even pleaded with the police officer to shoot him.
As a former police officer and someone who studies police issues — including use of force — this situation is a case study on how things can go very right.
My initial reaction to the videos of the van driver's arrest was that the police officer was professional and acting within his own assessment of the situation. This is critical.
Canada's Criminal Code provides the legal authority for the use of force, but it does not tell an officer what to do in each situation. Likewise, police use-of-force models provide a framework for training and assistance in decision-making. But like the Criminal Code, they don't provide a legal basis or a rationale for the use of force in any particular situation.
Deadly force a possibility
When faced with the threat of death or grievous bodily harm, a police officer is authorized to use force to protect themselves or others, up to and including deadly force. With this authority comes significant responsibility.
Just because you're authorized to use deadly force doesn't mean you always should. There are many times when police officers could legally use deadly force, but don't.
Most of these situations do not show up in the news that evening. These situations mostly pass by unnoticed and unreported. This case made international headlines due to the nature of the crimes being investigated, and the presence of video footage of the arrest.
What went right this time?
First, you had a clearly well-trained police officer who was acting in a professional manner. This is what we expect from our police.
The suspect had everything going for him in order to survive his arrest. It took place in bright sunlight, but without the sun shining in the officer's eyes. The suspect was silhouetted against a white van, which likely provided a clearer outline of the object in the suspect's hands.
The suspect did not take a typical shooting stance, but stood upright with his shoulders back. He was not aiming an object, but pointing it from the shoulder.
From the video, it appears the suspect was yelling for the police officer to shoot him. He dropped his arm to his side and brought it back up again as if pointing a weapon at the police officer. Again, if he was not a typical shooting stance.
Constable de-escalated
This officer clearly had de-escalation in mind. He recognized his car siren was on and went back to turn it off. This shows that he did not have tunnel vision or hearing. With the siren off, clearer communications were possible.
With a good visual of the subject, the actions of the suspect, his calls to be shot and the artificial manner in which he was standing and threatening, the police officer clearly made a decision that the use of deadly force, while authorized, was not immediately needed.
I do not know what the police officer was thinking, but what came to my mind was an attempt by the suspect of a “suicide by cop.” This is a situation where a suspect tries to goad the police into using deadly force.
This by itself does not negate the risk to police and others. There are occasions when the use of deadly force is appropriate even when it is a purposeful attempt to have someone else kill them. Some suspects do follow through on their threats in order to goad police into the use of force. But not this time.
Risk assessment for police officers
The use-of-force models used by police include a risk assessment that asks the officer to take into account the following:
1. Situational Factors — These include the environment, the number of suspects, the perception of the suspect's abilities, knowledge of the suspect's background, time and distance from the suspect and threat cues given by the suspect.
2. Tactical Considerations — Is there cover, is backup available?
3. Subject Behaviour — Are they threatening and how are they threatening?
4. Officer's Perceptions — Their own assessment of the situation and their abilities to handle it.
This risk assessment, however, does not provide “the answer” to an officer regarding shoot or don't shoot, or any other use of force.
What it does provide is a framework for decision-making. This is all part of professional police training.
I faced a situation early in my service with the RCMP when I had a male in the sights of my pistol. It was a tense situation, and I felt that the use of deadly force was likely. But my training, in a fraction of a second, took me through an assessment of the situation.
I held my fire because I could not see the weapon that was being threatened, and I was behind cover. I held on until the suspect gave up. He was unarmed.
Decision to shoot not easily made
I have also worked with officers who had the misfortune to have had to resort to deadly force to save their own lives. It is not a decision that is easily made — and it's one that can be very personal to the officer in the situation.
Their own perception, their own confidence, their training, their reaction to the situation — all have an impact on the outcome.
The courts have sided with police in this decision-making process, ruling that the courts must take into account the reasonably held assessment of the circumstances and dangers they find themselves.
So in this case, we had a trained officer, acting calmly and professionally, with a clear view of the suspect and the object in his hand, indications of an attempt at “suicide by cop,” de-escalation techniques used and a quick surrender. It all led to a successful arrest without the use of deadly force.
One small change in the circumstances, and the outcome could have been very different.
Police do not use deadly force because of the crime the suspect is alleged to have committed, but only due to the threat posed. This police officer made a heroic call. He risked his own life to preserve another's, even when he was the suspect in a horrendous act that took so many innocent lives.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/why-didnt-he-shoot-the-toronto-cop-who-d https://theconversation.c
Use this Rubik's Cube-style device to create ultra-secure computer passwords
Even with all the high-profile hacks in the news, lots of people fail to keep themselves protected by not using secure passwords. Fortunately, a new Kickstarter campaign is here to help.
The post Use this Rubik's Cube-style device to create ultra-secure computer passwords appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TULSA, Okla. — Police say a man was hospitalized after leading an officer on a chase that ended at Tulsa International Airport.
Tulsa police Sgt. Shane Tuell said the chase started Monday after an officer tried to stop a speeding, black pickup. The pursuit eventually led onto a circular drive at the airport.
Tuell said the truck drove against traffic and blew two tires before it spun out and stopped near a gate. Police initially thought it had crashed.
The man was apprehended and taken to a hospital. His condition wasn't available, but Tuell said officers believe he was under the influence of Oxycodone. It's unclear whether he will face charges.
Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says no one at the airport was hurt and that there were no flight delays or damage.
The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in his state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
———
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But he says overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say he attached the device to his body with Velcro and zip ties.
— By Colleen Long
———
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
— By Colleen Long
———
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
———
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
———
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
———
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
———
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
———
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
———
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
———
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
———
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
As a new facial reconstruction is released, the exhumation will take place Thursday.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
BOONE, N.C. — Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimetres) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, “This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts.”
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Youngstown woman is charged with making a gun threat toward a Boardman nursing home, which led to the lockdown of the facility.
Celeste Curry, 55, was arrested Saturday on intimidation, inducing panic and assault charges. Police said she also failed to appear in court on a past charge stemming from a traffic violation in Youngstown.
Curry was arrested at St. Elizabeth's Boardman Hospital, where she was being treated.
Police said on October 26, Curry punched a nurse at Park Center Nursing Home.
The nurse told police that Curry called her at the nurse's station several times, but due to phone issues, she was unable to hear what she was saying. She said Curry was upset because she hung up the phone on her.
Curry then showed up at the nursing home, asking who hung up on her, according to a police report.
After punching the nurse, witnesses told police that Curry then threatened to go home, get her gun and come back. The nursing home went on lockdown as a result.
Police said Curry knew a man staying at the nursing home.
She's currently in the Mahoning County Jail.
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Hurricane Maria survivors who have come to Hillsborough County can learn about various services available to help them by visiting the same disaster recovery center that was opened for people impacted by Irma.
The DRC is located at The Regent at 6437 Watson Road in Riverview.
Doors are open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., seven days a week until further notice. You don't have to make an appointment.
Recovery specialists from the following agencies are there to provide resources:
Federal Emergency Management Administration
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)
Florida Department of Children and Families
Florida Department of Health
Hillsborough County Aging Services
Hillsborough County Affordable Housing Services
Hillsborough County Health Care Services
Hillsborough County Homeless Services
Hillsborough County Social Services
American Red Cross
Career Source Tampa Bay
Central Florida Behavioral Health Network
Senior Connection from Area Agency on Aging
The type of assistance available to those affected is determined on a case-by-case basis and may include anything from grants to pay for temporary housing, home repairs, property replacement and other disaster-related needs.
You can register for assistance by:
Going online at DisasterAssistance.gov.
Calling 800-621-3362
Downloading the FEMA app, available for Apple and Android mobile devices. To download visit: fema.gov/mobile-app
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Four people were arrested in Warren Sunday night after two tried to steal from Giant Eagle.
Nicholas Ziegler, 30, of Niles, was arrested on a warrant and charged with petty theft, two counts of drug paraphernalia and two counts of possession of drug abuse instruments. Ira Rihel, 35, of Warren, was arrested on charges of petty theft, drug paraphernalia and possession of drug abuse instruments.
Tracina Putnam, 23, of Niles, was arrested on warrant and charged with petty theft. And Melissa Rihel, 34, of Warren, was arrested and charged with theft and drug abuse instruments.
According to the report, police were called to the Giant Eagle parking lot Sunday around 11:15 p.m. for several people “shooting up” in a brown Buick. The car drove away, while another officer advised the people may also be involved in a theft from the store.
Police made a traffic stop on the Buick at Elm Road near Chestnut Street.
According to the report, driver Melissa Rihel told police they were on their way into town from Walmart. Police found Melissa to have a suspended license, while Ziegler, the passenger, also had an active warrant for his arrest.
Police searched Ziegler and found drug paraphernalia. He also told police he had two syringes in his pants.
At this time, another officer advised that the two other two passengers, Ira Rihel and Putnam, were on security camera stealing meat and shrimp from Giant Eagle. Putnam also had a warrant out for her arrest.
According to the report, police then searched the car and found several empty bindles of heroin, a used syringe and burnt spoon with heroin residue.
While at Trumbull Co. Jail, Melissa Rihel told police she had syringes stuffed into her vaginal cavity.
It has been disclosed that joint activities of the Shabak Israel Security Agency and the Israel Police have recently exposed Hamas money trails, in which terror funds were transferred to the families of Hamas terrorists, including those carrying out serious attacks.
These trails are run by Hamas operatives in Gaza, whose goal is to encourage terrorism and provide an "economic back" for the families of terrorists.
Intelligence information relayed by the ISA led to the seizure of funds or their equivalents, amounting to more than 130,000 shekels, which had been transferred from Hamas to Jerusalem residents. Subsequently, a large-scale search was carried out in the houses of money-launderers, and NIS 100,000 in cash and a private car were seized.
Accounts of suicide and workplace bullying have been raised through the Government's mental health and addiction inquiry, Waiariki MP Tamati Coffey says. This follows an investigation by The Wireless which reveals a pattern of staff feeling bullied, questionable management decisions, and suicides at Tauranga Hospital.
The Wireless reports that two nurses who felt mistreated at the hospital have taken their own lives since 2013 and a third suspected suicide is under investigation by the Coroner.
Mr Coffey told Te Kaea he hopes the review can “garner some recommendations” which will ensure workplaces are safer and people don't feel as though they have to resort to suicide.
"I've got faith in the mental health and addictions inquiry which is going on at the moment I know that some stories are coming through that about issues around workplace bullying and suicide as well."
While no one had raised the issue directly with him from within his electorate says he will be making calls on the ground.
Health Minister David Clark says while he is concerned by the reports he would not comment further as he was seeking further information.
National's Health spokesman Michael Woodhouse says an increased focus on resilience and mental wellness is needed and the Government should be factoring this into its plans around Mental Health.
Bay of Plenty DHB Chief Executive Helen Mason says "the hospital is committed to tackling any instance of bullying or inappropriate behaviour across the organisation and it has a major programme of work ongoing around this currently".
Top 5 on Fin24: Fedusa lashes out at Saftu, public sector unions warn govt of total shutdown – Fin24
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WEDDED BLISS: Gay Collins and Ian Tritton's surprise wedding was sprung on the unsuspecting guests at Gay's 50th birthday party.
SURPRISE was the magical word for Ian and Gay when they turned a birthday party into a wedding.
DO YOU LIKE KNOWING ABOUT HUMANS OF GYMPIE? FOLLOW THE TOPIC HERE.
Ian Tritton, 48, owns his own business and Gay Collins, 50, is a high school teacher. Their friends and family had gathered at Garapine camp ground on the expectation to celebrate Gay's 50th birthday on April 22 but the couple crept away for a quick change of outfit.
When they returned, Ian in a wedding suit and Gay in a stunning bridal gown, the birthday party had turned into a wedding.
"At my 50th birthday party we surprised everybody with our surprise wedding,” Gay said.
"We ducked out and got changed and came back and, 'Surprise, we are getting married.'”
The event was planned secretly by Ian and Gay and their bridal party. Their photo shoot, by Bambi Gosbell, was done a month before on March 18.
Photos View Photo Gallery
"My dad, Lionel Collins, actually married us,” Gay said.
"We kept it in the family. He's a retired minister.”
The couple wrote their own vows and read them to each other.
"Ian sang to me as I walked down the aisle,” Gaysaid.
"It was incredible. He sang All of Me by John Legend. He sang that song with the girls from Sista Lee.
"It was a bit of a wow factor, people didn't know he could sing.”
The couple hosted 150 guests, with most of them caught off guard.
They feasted on a choice of three types of paella by Senor Paella, based on the Sunshine Coast.
The celebration also included two cakes - one for Gay's birthday and one for the wedding - both made by Fay Andrews.
"We just had the big paella and the cakes were the dessert. Then, well you could say, we danced the night away,” Gay said.
Many guests stayed at the camp site and enjoyed breakfast the next morning.
After the wedding, Ian and Gay honeymooned in Bali.
"We hadn't been to Bali, it was very low-key,” Gay said.
"After the madness of planning the wedding we just spent the time relaxing. It was downtime for us.
"We came back and went straight back to work.”
WASHINGTON — Republican Rep. Paul Gosar is suggesting a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville was instigated by “the left” and backed by billionaire George Soros.
The Arizona congressman, in an interview published Thursday by Vice News, described the rally's organizer as “a person from Occupy Wall Street that was an Obama sympathizer.”
Blogger Jason Kessler planned the Aug. 12 Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville. A woman was killed when a car plowed into a group of people at the rally, where white nationalists and counter-protesters clashed.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, has described Kessler as a “relative newcomer to the white nationalist scene.” The SPLC noted, “Rumours abound on white nationalist forums that Kessler's ideological pedigree before 2016 was less than pure and seem to point to involvement in the Occupy movement and past support for President Obama.”
Some conservative outlets and commentators have picked up that portion of the centre's description to raise the question of who was to blame for the violence in Charlottesville.
Gosar expanded on the theory in an interview with Vice. “Let's look at the person that actually started the rally. It's come to our attention that this is a person from Occupy Wall Street that was an Obama sympathizer. So, wait a minute, be careful where you start taking these people to,” Gosar said.
“And look at the background. You know, you know George Soros is one of those people that actually helps back these individuals. Who is he? I think he's from Hungary. I think he was Jewish. And I think he turned in his own people to the Nazis. Better be careful where we go with those.”
When the Vice News reporter asked Gosar whether he thought Soros was funding the neo-Nazis who marched in Charlottesville, he replied, “Wouldn't it be interesting to find out?”
Gosar's comments aren't sitting well with some conservatives. Commentator Bill Kristol tweeted: “Will other Republicans rebuke him? If not, is this a party to which one can belong?”
A spokesman for Soros' Open Society Foundation told Vice News that Soros was 14 years old when World War II ended and has spent his life supporting efforts to ensure that such terrifying authoritarianism never takes root again.
“He did not collaborate with the Nazis. He did not help round up people. He did not confiscate anybody's property. Such baseless allegations are insulting to the victims of the Holocaust, to all Jewish people, and to anyone who honours the truth. It is an affront to Mr. Soros and his family, who against the odds managed to survive one of the darkest moments in our history,” the spokesman said.
Gosar made the statements during an interview about his decision to block his critics on social media.
See, I would have missed that wonderful interview with Ramon Djawadi if not for you!! When I moved here from Utah I was SO afraid I wouldn't have my NPR out here in the boonies (Hulett)...but imagine my surprise at your AMAZING statewide coverage. I love being treated like an adult with your thought-provoking interviews and reporting; I very much appreciate your in-depth coverage of Wyoming issues; and I can't do without my "Wait, wait" fix or your morning music. Thanks for keeping me thinking, smiling, crying, and jiving!
(Can't afford much, but will get online and contribute again right now.)
THANK YOU!!!!!
Katie Younger
Weighing withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, President Donald Trump declared on Tuesday that if the Iranians “restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before.”
Trump issued his warning alongside French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, where the two allies were to discuss the multinational nuclear accord, the war in Syria and other issues during a day of meetings at the White House.
“You can mark it down, if they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before,” Trump repeated.
One of Macron's main objectives during his three-day visit to Washington is to persuade Trump to stay in the deal. Trump remains publicly undecided but reminded his French counterpart of what he sees as flaws in the agreement, which he called a “terrible deal” that fails to address ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in Yemen or Syria.
Macron told reporters that he and Trump would look at the Iran deal “in a wider regional context,” taking into account the situation in Syria. “We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward,” Macron said.
Domestic concerns were also near the surface for Trump. He refused to answer a reporter's question as to whether he is considering a pardon for his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI. Trump called it “a stupid question.” Cohen has not been charged in the case.
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the “enduring friendship that binds our two nations.” He thanked the French leader for his “steadfast partnership” in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
“History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times,” Macron said. “France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history.”
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington with their wives for dinner. The presidents and their spouses hopped on a helicopter bound for Mount Vernon, Washington's historic riverside home, for a private dinner one night before the leaders sit down for talks on a weighty agenda including security, trade and the Iran nuclear deal.
“This is a great honour and I think a very important state visit given the moment of our current environment,” Macron said Monday after his plane landed at a U.S. military base near Washington.
Macron's three-day state visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a “Trump whisperer” at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a “Plan B.”
The Trumps and Macrons helped plant a tree on the White House grounds together before boarding Trump's Marine One helicopter for a scenic tour of monuments built in the capital city designed by French-born Pierre L'Enfant as they flew south to Mount Vernon, the first U.S. president's home along the Potomac River.
The young oak is an environmentally friendly gift to the White House from Macron, and one that also bears historical significance. It sprouted at a World War I site in France, the Battle of Belleau Wood, that became part of U.S. Marine Corps lore.
After Trump's helicopter landed at Mount Vernon, the two presidents, each holding his wife's hand, walked a short distance and posed for pictures before they boarded golf carts that ferried them to the front door of Washington's plantation house. The couples were led on a brief outdoor tour before they entered the pale yellow building for dinner of Dover sole, pasta stuffed with lemon ricotta, and chocolate souffle and cherry vanilla ice cream.
Trump declared the dinner “really fantastic” before returning to the White House.
He ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and America's first lady on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron will be welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. The state visit also offers Macron his first Oval Office sit-down with Trump and a joint White House news conference. There's also a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
The French president's White House day will be capped Tuesday night with a state dinner, the highest social tribute a president bestows on an ally and partner.
Melania Trump played an active role in every detail of the visit, said White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The first lady settled on a state dinner menu of rack of lamb and nectarine tart, along with after-dinner entertainment provided by the Washington National Opera for about 150 guests. On Monday, she released details of the glitzy affair being planned to dazzle Macron and his wife, Brigitte.
Dinner will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.
The first lady opted for a cream-and-gold colour scheme, and will use a mix of china services from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite. A few of those expected to attend: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife, Louise Linton; Defence Secretary Jim Mattis, Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.
In a break with tradition, Trump has invited no congressional Democrats or journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed his attendance.
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
ATHENS, Ohio — Cecil Williams scored a career-high 27 points and David DiLeo sank the winning free throws to lift Central Michigan to a 101-98 double-overtime win over Ohio on Saturday.
Tied up at 98 in the second extra period, DiLeo got his defender in the air on a pump fake with 0.9 seconds left and made all three free throws to clinch the win. Central Michigan (15-8, 4-6 Mid-American Conference) never led in regulation nor in the first overtime but stayed alive with a key bucket from Kevin McKay at the end of the second half to tie the score at 77. Williams banked in a 3-pointer at the end of the first OT to tie it at 89.
A pair of free throws from Williams early in the second overtime period gave Central Michigan its first lead of the game, 91-89, and the teams knotted the score four more times over the next 3 1/2 minutes before DiLeo went 3 for 3 at the line to win it.
Shawn Roundtree added 22 points, Luke Meyer had 14 points, McKay scored 13 and DiLeo hauled in 14 rebounds to go with eight points for the Chippewas, who dominated at the free throw line, 31 of 36 to Ohio's 16 for 31.
Ohio (9-13, 2-8) was led by Teyvion Kirk and Mike Laster, who scored 24 apiece. Gavin Block added 16 points, Doug Taylor had 14 points to go with 10 rebounds and James Gollon scored 13.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The chances are that you if you're aware of Erja Lyytinen, you consider her a blues artist in the most familiar sense.
The petite bottleneck guitarist has spent 15 years involved in a gradual but steady ascent of the ladder of the European blues market which has led to the announcement of a UK tour which comes to The Live Rooms in Chester on September 23.
Her most recent studio record, 2014's The Sky Is Crying, is an homage to a childhood hero, the late Elmore James.
Since then the artist that Blues magazine refers to as “the Finnish slide goddess” has given birth to twins, undergone changes in her personal and professional lives and emerged with a fresh, re-energised attitude.
Seven albums into her career, the latest release Stolen Hearts reveals a new facet of Lyytinen's artistic persona.
In the past she has integrated elements of both hard rock and pop into her music. This time out, encouraged by her producer, Erja now flings the doors wide open to express what she describes as: “heartbreak, frustration, disappointment, fear of loss and yet, at the same time, the deepest love.”
With the exception of long-standing guitarist Davide Floreno, Lyytinen worked with a new group of musicians in Helsinki during the summer of 2016 and then proceeded to step even further outside of her comfort zone when multi-platinum selling engineer and producer Chris Kimsey agreed to participate in the sessions.
(Image: UGC)
Kimsey is best known for having worked on many of the biggest selling albums by The Rolling Stones but his CV also includes the likes of Led Zeppelin, Peter Frampton, Marillion, The Quireboys and The Psychedelic Furs among many others.
Lyytinen was thrilled to fly to London to record her lead vocal tracks and then sit back and watch as the Englishman mixed the results at a studio called The State Of The Ark, equipped with a desk once owned by EMI.
In fact, Stolen Hearts was mixed on said console – the same one that Kimsey had often used with the Stones.
“Chris said that it was like meeting an old girlfriend after many years,” recalls Erja. “He sat in front of the desk and his magic started to happen.”
Since first entering a recording studio some 15 years ago, the singer/guitarist has become a bona fide star in her homeland and a fixture on the international music scene.
In that time, she has recorded in places as diverse as Helsinki, London, Berlin and Memphis, earning numerous accolades along the way.
Rooted in both traditional and modern blues, she successfully blends styles like jazz, pop, soul and rock into a sound all her own.
Born into a musical family in the town of Kuopio, Lyytinen quickly emerged as an artist to watch in her native country. She recorded her international debut Pilgrimage after signing with Germany's prestigious Ruf Records label in 2005.
The 2006 Blues Caravan tour gave audiences in Europe and the United States a first taste of her spirited live performances.
The solo follow-up Dreamland Blues took her back to the USA to record with David and Kinney Kimbrough (sons of Mississippi blues legend Junior Kimbrough).
After two years on the road, she returned with Grip of the Blues in 2008, mixing hard-edged blues with modern R&B. Her 2010 release Voracious Love was even more adventurous while 2013's Forbidden Fruit saw her return to more familiar territory.
The Elmore James tribute The Sky Is Crying proved to be a breakthrough. Released in 2014, it was universally hailed as her best and bluesiest recording to date. This collection of stripped-down, old-school blues convinced even the most discerning listeners that Lyytinen's feel for the blues runs deep and that as a slide player, she has few peers.
Live in London, a sizzling live set of Elmore James covers and original material released a year later, culminated with Erja being voted the number one international solo artist by Blues Matters and Artist of the Year at the Finnish Blues Awards.
Tickets for the Chester gig are £13.75. Visit www.ents24.com for booking details.
Biafra: 10 agitators sue Buratai
Ten Biafran agitators have filed a suit against Nigeria's Chief of Army Staff, Tukur Buratai and 13 others, for their alleged complicity in the 2016 torture and extra-judicial killings of some Biafra protesters. The suit, John Doe, et al vs. Tukur Yusuf Buratai et al, with civil action No. 1:17-cv-01033, has been assigned to Ellen […]
Biafra: 10 agitators sue Buratai
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HALIFAX — The Canadian Press erroneously reported on March 13 that a Dalhousie University poll found women surveyed were 0.6 times more likely to consider themselves vegetarian or vegan than men. In fact, women were 1.6 times more likely than men.
PHOENIX — A U.S. border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the border into Mexico and killing a teenager five years ago will go on trial Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border shooting.
The agent, Lonnie Swartz, is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial in U.S. District Court in Tucson comes amid President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown and his pledge to build a “big, beautiful wall” along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometre) U.S.-Mexico boundary.
Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012 through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
The killing shocked the two communities of Nogales. About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as “Ambos Nogales” — “Both Nogales” in Spanish.
Swartz's defence lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before he was shot as an attempt to create a distraction for a drug smuggling attempt and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and his relatives have denied he was helping drug smugglers, saying he was walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if he had any link to drug smugglers and the point is irrelevant because an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on his own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if he is continuing to receive his salary.
Defence attorney Sean Chapman last week (March 15) declined to comment while the trial is ongoing and a spokesman for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who support immigrants have said they will protest outside the court.
“For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes,” said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. “Now we will see if they can be held accountable.”
The Border Patrol came under close scrutiny during the Obama administration for allegations of excessive use of force. Customs and Border Protection, its parent agency, reported 55 incidents in which employees used firearms from Oct. 1, 2011 to Sept. 30, 2012. The number of incidents fell to 17 for the period from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said he believes Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the Department of Justice in a fatal shooting across the international line.
Gelernt is handling a parallel civil case, now before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which the teen's mother filed against Swartz seeking monetary damages.
The civil case argues that Elena Rodriguez was protected by U.S. constitutional guarantees for due process when he was shot dead in Mexico because the two communities of Nogales are part of a unique cross-border community.
In celebration of its 20th year of showcasing new and returning writing talent, South Coast Repertory announced its Pacific Playwrights Festival lineup today, featuring three commissioned world premiere productions and four staged readings.
Familiar names will include longtime SCR playwright Amy Freed (“You,” “Nero,” “Safe in Hell”) in the reading of her new play “Shrew!” on April 21. Also returning will be SCR collaborator Donald Margulies (“Sight Unseen,” “Collected Stories,” “Brooklyn Boy”) for the April 22 reading of his new play “Long Lost.”
Fresh faces will present the world premiere full productions, including Michael Mitnick with his upcoming production “The Siegel,” which runs March 24-April 23 and tells a comedic story of a man who wants to ask his unavailable ex-girlfriend's parents' permission to marry her. In an interesting modern twist to a classic story, playwright Lucas Hnath will present “A Doll's House, Part 2” on April 9-30, which presents a sequel to Henrik Ibson's story.
Playwright Dipika Guha will present the world premiere of “Yoga Play,” a comedy that tells the story of the power of yoga, in the Nicholas Studio on April 19-30. New writers presenting staged readings on the Segerstrom Stage include Tearrance Arvelle Chisholm with his reading of “Anacostia Street Lions” on April 21 and Lauren Yee with “Cambodian Rock Band” on April 23.
For two decades, the festival has been a special tradition for the theater and has resulted in various world premieres of productions, including “The Parisian Women” by Beau Willimon, “Office Hour” by Julia Cho and “Vietgone” by Qui Nguyen. Three of the seven plays have come from SCR's commissioning program and two from its commissioning and community program Crossroads, which yielded Nguyen's play.
Contact the writer: jmoe@ocregister.com
BERLIN — The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says she plans to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin.
Andrea Nahles, the chairwoman of the centre-left Social Democrats, said she would take part in a demonstration Tuesday outside publisher Axel Springer's Berlin offices, where Bezos is to be presented with an award for his “visionary entrepreneurship” in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post.
Nahles argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize.
She is seeking to boost her party's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel's junior partner.
Israel's transformation into a world power with the supply and consumption of desalinated water has a health price, Hadashot 2 reported tonight, Wednesday.
According to the report, a new large-scale study of some 180,000 Israelis found that in areas where desalinated water is consumed, there is a significant increase in heart disease. Today, most of the public in Israel is drinking desalinated water.
The researchers examined 178,000 members of Clalit Health Services in two groups. One group included two areas in the country that have received desalinated water for 6 years. The second group included an area that receives only natural water. The study found that in the areas with desalinated water there was a 6 to 10 percent increase in heart disease compared to the area that received natural water.
As early as 2011, the World Health Organization (WHO) issued a warning that the desalination process removes essential minerals, such as magnesium. The organization recommended adding magnesium artificially.
Two years ago, the prime minister ordered the minister of health to expedite a pilot program to introduce magnesium into one of the desalination plants, but nothing has been done since then.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Uruguay qualified for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan when it beat Canada 32-31 to advance 10-point winners on aggregate on Saturday.
Uruguay won the first leg of the Americas playoff 38-29 in Vancouver a week ago.
At its fourth Rugby World Cup, the Teros will go in Pool D with Australia, Wales, Georgia, and Fiji.
Canada, which has never missed a Rugby World Cup, has a last chance to qualify through a repechage tournament in November.
As in Vancouver where Uruguay won from 10 points down in the first half, it had to pull off another comeback in the second leg.
Canada started off 15-0 in Montevideo and led 18-10 at halftime.
Uruguay didn't get ahead until the 64th minute, when inside centre Andres Vilaseca hacked a dropped pass by the Canadians and scooped and scored in a 40-meter move.
Canada replied with a try to replacement prop Djustice Sears-Duru in a rolling maul, but the one-point lead lasted only five minutes.
Vilaseca pounced on another loose pass to run in another converted try untouched from 30 metres out.
With time up, Canada scored long-range from the last lineout, leading try-scorer DTH van der Merwe finishing the match as he started it with a try. He has 31 in 49 tests.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
It seems as though there might be a royal engagement between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pretty soon! Harry and the Suits actress have been putting the media through a whirlwind, so to make it easier on you, we've compiled three reasons why the engagement could be happening just around the corner!
Meghan just abruptly ended her ties with Canadian fashion retailer Reitmans. The actress was not only a brand ambassador for the store, but they also carried her clothing line. The Daily Mail reports that Meghan “was offered a large sum [of money] in December to renew her contract but surprised Reitmans by refusing to sign it.” This isn't the first time that Meghan has abruptly quit a business endeavor. Earlier this month Meghan shut down her lifestyle blog, t he Tig . The Daily Mail reported that it was because the site “does not fit with the image she might want to project as a future member of the Royal Family.” Although they have been trying to keep their relationship under wraps, Harry has acknowledged that they are together. In case you don't remember, late last year Prince Harry released a rare public statement condemning the public for harassing Meghan, and he called the American actress his girlfriend.
Kensington Palace has issued a statement this morning about the harassment currently being experienced by Meghan Markle and her family. pic.twitter.com/EuFZ4fmUIj — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) November 8, 2016
And it seems Prince Harry and Meghan's relationship isn't slowing down anytime soon. The prince was spotted late last week being dropped off at Meghan's Toronto home, carrying a large duffle bag.
Prince Harry arrives at Meghan Markle's house. (Photo: Splash News) More
Could Meghan have found her real-life Prince Charming?
Prince Harry reveals he went to therapy after 2 years of ‘total chaos' in his 20s:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
We shall rescue abducted pupils, Ambode vows
Lagos State Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has assured parents and Lagosians of his administration's committment to security of every child in the state.
Ambode spoke last week at the grand finale of the Lagos State Schools Governor's Quiz Competition.
He spoke against the backdrop of a 14-day ultimatum issued during a protest by parents of the six abducted pupils of Lagos State Model College, Igbonla, at the Government House. The pupils were abducted by gunmen at the school premises three weeks ago.
The gunmen, who also took the principals of both junior and senior secondary schools with the pupils, have contacted the victims' parents, demanding N1 billion ransom which has been scaled down to N100 million. However, the parents are pleading that the ransom is beyond their reach.
The governor, while identifying with the victims' parents, assured that the pupils would be brought back unscathed. “Let me assure you that the government is working round the clock to ensure the release of the abducted students of Model College, Igbonla. We empathise with the students and parents and we will not relent in our efforts until the students come back unhurt to continue their education. We will not allow any group of people to distract us from our goal of educating all Lagos children and equipping them for the future,”Ambode said.
At the ninth edition of the event, which held at the Adeyemi Bero auditorium, Alausa, Lagos State Model College, Kankon, beat Alimosho Senior Grammar School and Jubilee Model Senior Grammar School to the second and third positions respectively.
The junior secondary school (JSS) and primary schools category saw Eko Junior College and Darocha Primary Schools emerging first and second runners-up respectively.
Ambode, who was represented by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Mr. Adesina Odeyemi, congratulated the winners.
He recalled that the competition at the inception was designed to develop pupils' mind by creating healthy rivalry among children in public schools in the state.
“This quiz competition has over the years produced many very brilliant students, who have gone ahead to study various courses in tertiary institutions. It has broadened the horizon of participants from the preliminary levels to the finals, including the spectators and many other people who learnt from the competition,”he said.
Education sector in the state, according to him, received N205.8billion in 2016 and 2017 budgets in spite of the stiff competition for resource allocation.
“What the government has invested in the education sector of the state in the last two years is more than the annual budget of about 23 states of the federation. In fact, it is more than the 2017 budget of some four states put together,” Ambode said.
To encourage students break new grounds, he said, Lagos has unveiled a digital library to ensure access to education and the continued development of the children in the state, advising children to devote more time to their studies.
Speaking earlier, Deputy Governor, Dr. Idiat Oluranti Adebule, who was represented by the Director, Co-curricular, Mrs. Babs Akinyeye, observed that the quality of the competition has continued to grow as it progressed, praising participants' exemplary brilliance.
“The standard of questions that were posted to the pupils/students and the ease with which they answered them was a testimony to the quality of education that we provide in the state,” she said.
The post We shall rescue abducted pupils, Ambode vows appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The McMafia actor is back in the dog collar for one last run before he's replaced by a new vicar
Crime-fighting vicar Sidney Chambers is back on the case, with filming under way on Grantchester series four. And although this news means we have to remind you it'll be James Norton's last series with the show, it does give us a chance to share this adorable on-set picture of the actor with his on-screen pooch Dickens.
Advertisement
The McMafia star has headed back to the titular 1950s village with Robson Green (Detective Geordie Keating), alongside returning cast including Al Weaver, Tessa Peake-Jones and Kacey Ainsworth.
Executive producer Rebecca Eaton said Norton's departure would be “bittersweet” for Grantchester viewers, but added that the series would continue with a new vicar.
“It's a bittersweet time for Grantchester fans, who will be cheering the return of the series but crushed to say goodbye to James,” she said. “We want to assure them that the series they love will continue with brilliant new episodes and a captivating new vicar.”
Filming will take place in London, Cambridge and, of course, Grantchester itself.
Advertisement
Recently, Father Brown, another crime-solving clergyman drama was recommissioned by the BBC for a seventh series.
Smart City Networks, a telecommunications provider for the hospitality and convention industry, has renewed its partnership with the Reno-Sparks Convention Center for another two years.
Smart City will oversee the overhaul and upgrade of the RSCVA's existing technology infrastructure, resulting in enhanced network capability and a denser Wi-Fi network.
A new PBX/Voice solution will also be installed to support events, venue vendors, and local staff. As a result of the infrastructure upgrades, network speed will allow Reno–Sparks Convention Center to better accommodate high-profile shows such as the recently signed 2018 Interbike show.
“The upgrades to the network infrastructure will be a great asset in accommodating upcoming large shows and provide a denser WiFi network for high capacity events,” said Joe Walther, Assistant General Manager at Reno-Sparks Convention Center.
WINDSOR, Ont. — World championship track medallist Melissa Bishop is the proud mother of a new baby girl.
The native of Eganville, Ont., tweeted she gave birth to Corinne Chidera on Monday morning in Windsor, Ont.
“We are so damn excited,” the 29-year-old Bishop said of her and husband Osi Nriagu, her former teammate at the University of Windsor.
“Our world & hearts just exploded with love July 2, Corinne Chidera, made her entrance at 8:29 AM. Everyone is healthy, happy & time seems to be moving too quickly already.”
Bishop, who won silver in the 800 metres at the world championships in 2015 and came fourth at the 2016 Rio Olympics, has said she plans to try to compete at the 2019 world championships and 2020 Olympics.
“I think I'll definitely have someone else in my corner, and someone else to fight for, that's the most exciting part,” Bishop told The Canadian Press last month.
Bishop will be looking after young Corinne while her fellow Canadian track and field standouts compete at the national championships this week in Ottawa.
NASHVILLE — The Tennessee Titans are coming off their first playoff victory in 14 years with a brand-new coach and no obvious holes to be filled in the NFL draft.
That gives general manager Jon Robinson lots of flexibility on what to do with the 25th pick overall Thursday night.
He's working with first-time head coach Mike Vrabel to find a way to push the Titans past an ugly divisional rout last January , and Tennessee already has all the key pieces in place led by quarterback Marcus Mariota. Robinson used free agency to replace aging veterans such as running back DeMarco Murray , bolstered the Titans' secondary and added depth on the offensive line.
“What we wanted to try to do was be able to go into the draft with what we thought was a pretty deep roster,” Robinson said. “I think we've got good depth on our roster. We've got good competition really at all the position groups and hopefully we can add some guys here over the next three, four days to maybe even make that more competitive.”
That leaves the man who traded away the No. 1 overall pick in 2016 free to trade up or out of the first round to add to the six selections Tennessee has this draft as the Titans try to improve after consecutive 9-7 seasons that couldn't help Mike Mularkey keep his job .
Some things to watch with the Titans in the draft:
DEPTH NEEDED
Tennessee tied for fifth in the NFL last season with 43 sacks led by Derrick Morgan and Brian Orakpo. But both outside linebackers are going into the final season of their current contracts, and Orakpo, a four-time Pro Bowler, turns 32 around the time training camp opens. Kevin Dodd, the 33rd pick overall in 2016, was supposed to provide depth. So far, he has one sack in 18 games. Backup Erik Walden, who was signed last July, has not been brought back.
PROTECT MARIOTA
Tennessee signed a pair of guards Kevin Pamphile and Xavier Su'a-Filo with starting experience in free agency. If right tackle Jack Conklin isn't recovered by the start of the season from a torn left ACL suffered in the loss at New England, Su'a-Filo is capable of sliding over until Conklin returns. They also signed starting right guard Josh Kline to a new deal and starting left guard Quinton Spain signed his contract tender.
Dion Lewis was signed as Murray's replacement and complement to Derrick Henry. Quarterback could be an option later as a future upgrade to Mariota's backup after the Titans released veteran Matt Cassel and signed Blaine Gabbert.
MORE DEFENSIVE HELP
The Titans' biggest off-season addition was cornerback Malcolm Butler as he received a five-year deal to bolster the secondary on a defence that ranked 25th in the NFL, giving up 224.4 yards passing per game. He slides into the lineup with former Patriots teammate Logan Ryan, signed last off-season, and Adoree Jackson, the 18th pick overall in 2017, in a secondary that also features All-Pro safety Kevin Byard.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Titans' draft luck improved drastically under Robinson who has 17 of his selections on the roster. His first pick was Conklin, an Pro as a rookie after being the eighth pick overall thanks to trading away the No. 1 selection . Robinson found another All Pro in the third round of that same draft in Byard, who tied for the league lead with eight interceptions in 2017. Robinson has set a high standard that includes nabbing Henry with his third pick in the second round of 2016.
Robinson's biggest miss — for now — is Dodd. Bishop Sankey, the first running back drafted in 2014, easily is the Titans' biggest miss over the past five drafts.
Their best bargain over the past five seasons is linebacker Avery Williamson, a fifth-round pick in 2014 at No. 151, the Tennessee native started 59 of his 63 games before signing with the Jets this off-season.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
——
Follow Teresa M. Walker at http://www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
On 19 February 2008, nine year-old Shannon Matthews went missing from The Moorside Estate in Dewsbury, and a hunt ensued which gripped the nation.
The frantic community search led by a local woman, Julie Bushby, is dramatised in a new BBC two-parter starring Sheridan Smith.
Despite the efforts of the police and the community, no trace of Shannon could be found and within a few hours the police investigation took on the scale of a murder enquiry.
Emotional public appeals from her mother Karen Matthews amounted to nothing, and gradually people began to suspect that she might have been involved in the abduction.
Just as all hope was close to fading, Shannon was found alive. The wild celebrations of Julie and the community were rapidly cut short when they learned that Shannon was being held by a man known to Karen.
Man City set to make Kyle Walker approach this week
Manchester City are due to open talks with Tottenham Hotspur over a deal to sign Kyle Walker, according to Sky Sports .
City were holding fire until the right-back's season had officially finished. With last night's England game against France now out of the way, an initial approach could be made this week.
Pep Guardiola and the Etihad Stadium hierarchy are said to be confident a deal for the 27-year-old can be done for around £40m. Spurs, who are under no pressure to sell Walker, apparently value the former Sheffield United youngster at £50m.
He signed a new contract last September and is tied to the north London club until June 2021.
The same report claims Walker is relaxed about his future and not pushing for a transfer. He has a deep affection for the club he has called home for eight years, but is apparently unhappy at being rotated with Kieran Trippier for key fixtures at the end of last season.
WASHINGTON — America's biggest business group is warning the Trump administration that a withdrawal from the North American Free Trade Agreement would be a “political and economic debacle” that would cost hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs.
Talking with reporters Friday, John Murphy, a senior official with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the chamber would work to rally support for the trade deal and against the administration's hardline demand for concessions from Canada and Mexico. The comments were unusually blunt for America's biggest business group.
The Trump administration, which has threatened to pull out of NAFTA if the three countries can't agree on far-reaching changes to favour American interests, quickly returned fire.
“The president has been clear that NAFTA has been a disaster for many Americans, and achieving his objectives requires substantial change,” said Emily Davis, spokeswoman for the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. “These changes of course will be opposed by entrenched Washington lobbyists and trade associations. We have always understood that draining the swamp would be controversial in Washington.”
The fourth round of talks to overhaul NAFTA, which was enacted 23 years ago, is scheduled for next week in Washington.
NAFTA erased most trade barriers along the United States, Canada and Mexico and led to an explosion in trade between the three countries. U.S. farm exports soared. U.S. manufacturers moved production — and jobs — south of the border to capitalize on lower Mexican wages. In doing so, they built complicated supply chains that crossed NAFTA borders.
Before the renegotiation began in August, many business and farm groups hoped the Trump administration would settle for tweaking rather than abandoning the trade deal — updating it, for example, to reflect the rise of e-commerce. But U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer declared at the outset that the U.S. wouldn't be satisfied with minor changes.
Instead, the administration has been seeking to ensure that more auto production be made in America to receive NAFTA benefits, that more government contracts go to U.S. companies and that NAFTA expire unless the countries agreed every few years to extend it. It also wants to scrap a dispute-resolution process favoured by Canada.
Murphy, the chamber's senior vice-president for international policy, said that businesses “broadly and emphatically” oppose the proposals.
“We are increasingly concerned about the state of play,” he said.
The first three rounds of talks dealt mostly issues that weren't in dispute. But Round 4 is expected to move into tougher territory.
“They've worked through things that were mostly agreed upon,” said David Salmonsen, senior director of congressional relations at the American Farm Bureau Federation, trade group for U.S. agriculture. “Now we're getting to the contentious issues.”
Robert Zoellick, a former U.S. trade rep, this week told a conference at the Atlantic Council in Washington that he thought Trump might turn to brinkmanship over NAFTA to distract attention from other problems.
“There's a very serious risk, depending on what happens with Trump's popularity and the investigations, that at some point he'll withdraw from the agreement.”
The president had vilified NAFTA on the campaign trail as a job-killing disaster, especially for U.S. factory workers who, Trump argued, had been the victims of U.S. companies moving jobs to Mexico. Trump threatened to pull out of pact in April before talks even started but reversed himself after pushback from American businesses, especially farm groups.
If the United States left NAFTA, trade barriers to Canada and Mexico would pop back up. Some of the tariffs would not be especially high. But Mexican tariffs on many American farm products could soar.
Lori Wallach, a NAFTA critic who is director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, said business groups have been slow to realize that Trump was serious about leaving NAFTA if he couldn't negotiate a more favourable deal for American workers.
“They are going to have to decide, after they get done hyperventilating, whether they want something or nothing,” Wallach said. “The status quo is not one of the choices.”
TCLJ welcomes reviews of books by writers who are a part of the TC community (e.g. published in TC, written for Absolute Blank, interviewed at Absolute Blank, forum members).
Request or submit a review:
reviews[at]toasted-cheese.com
For feedback on your unpublished work, check out our forums
Enjoy the rare treat of seeing 2 Tone legends The Selecter and The Beat playing on the same bill.
These lifelong friends ware renowned for their energetic live shows which get everyone in the room dancing....so don't miss the chance to see them at The Avenue, Chesterfield, on December 21.
The Selecter racked up hits Three Minute Hero, Missing Words and On My Radio.
Led by frontwoman Pauline Black and co-fronted by original member Arthur ‘Gaps' Hendrickson, The Selecter features a a band of talented musicians. Pauline and Gaps are still writing songs which appear new album Daylight.
The Beat, fronted by Ranking Roger, produced a string of hit singles in the 80s, namely Mirror in the Bathroom, Stand Down Margaret and Too Nice To Talk To.
Tickets to the gig at The Avenue cost £27.50. To book, go to www.seetickets.com/event/the-selecter-the-beat-feat-ranking-roger/the-avenue/1136187
Photo by John Coles
For the second time in a month, a man has been forced from his home in Kompong Speu province's Kong Pisei district after being accused by fellow villagers of using black magic, prompting the district governor to promise to do more to address the issue.
An angry mob of about 150 villagers surrounded the home of Nil Sokha, 45, in Maha Russei commune on Saturday night. Some brandished machetes and wooden stakes, and others threw rocks at the windows and walls, commune and district officials said.
“Villagers accused him of being a sorcerer because fortune-tellers told the sick people in the village they were affected by black magic,” said commune chief Svay Choeung, who alerted district police after the mob began to gather.
This is the third time in the district over the past year that an alleged sorcerer has either been forced out of his home or was killed due to accusations of black magic.
Prak Kong was forced to flee at the end of last month after a mob of 600 villagers­—many armed with machetes, sticks and rocks—surrounded his home about 3 km from Mr. Sokha's house in a neighboring commune and demanded he leave the village.
And in May, a 79-year-old Kong Pisei man suspected of sorcery was fatally stabbed in the stomach.
Last month, Mr. Sokha reported receiving an anonymous death threat, prompting Mr. Choeung to hold a town hall meeting to tell the villagers not to believe in superstitions.
Villagers at the meeting called on Mr. Sokha to swear he was not a practitioner of black magic.
“The suspected sorcerer swore to his fellow villagers that he was not a sorcerer, to make them trust him,” Mr. Choeung said on Monday.
That proved to be too little for some residents.
On Saturday night, Mr. Sokha's son got into an argument with neighbors, who took revenge by gathering a mob and surrounding the suspected sorcerer's home. Mr. Sokha and his family, anticipating violence, had already fled by the time the mob arrived.
Kong Pisei district police chief Khem Sophanara arrived at Mr. Sokha's house after being called by the commune chief.
“When I first arrived, I told the angry villagers not to throw stones at the house and not to use any violence,” Mr. Sophanara said, adding that it was lucky Mr. Sokha had already left.
Kong Pisei district governor Chem Phoeunvuth said the villagers in his district held “unreasonable” beliefs about sorcery, but that they were difficult to eradicate.
“This is a very old belief, and it is very complicated to get rid of,” he said. “But I will try to educate them more about the laws to stop them using violence.”
Ryun Patterson, a journalist who has written extensively on Cambodian magical practices, said in an interview earlier this month that police in Kong Pisei had experience defusing similar situations.
“The police do a pretty good job of keeping people from getting killed in Kong Pisei,” he said. “What [the police] have to say is, ‘Believe what you want, but certain things are crimes. And you're going to go to jail.”
Mr. Sophanara, the police chief, said his officers were still investigating Saturday's incident.
“We haven't arrested anyone yet,” he said. “We are preparing the document and searching for the leader of the mob.”
kimsay@cambodiadaily.com, obyrne@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
TORONTO — A man who is already serving consecutive life sentences for two separate murders goes to trial today in Toronto charged in the death of his father.
Dellen Millard is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Wayne Millard, who was found dead in his bed in November 2012, a bullet lodged in his brain.
The death of the wealthy 71-year-old businessman was initially ruled a suicide, but two years later, police charged his son with murder.
Dellen Millard has pleaded not guilty and will be tried by judge alone.
In 2016, Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder the death of Tim Bosma, who disappeared after leaving his Hamilton home with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life in prison — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
HONOLULU — A Hawaii man accused of killing his mother months ago stuffed her dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.
He called 911 on April 11 and said: “'I killed my mom,”' according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them she was “in the fridge,” the complaint said.
An officer found what appeared to be body parts.
“Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot,” the complaint said.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for his preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. He remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.
Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that he accidentally killed his mother in September after she became angry when the 26-year-old said he wanted to work instead of going to school.
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Her identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under her Hawaii driver's license.
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police he had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called her phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying his mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left her phone at home.
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because he had attended their church.
Gong and his mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher.
“He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell,” she said, adding that it's been several years since she last saw him. “We wanted to give him that spiritual support.”
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when he was 19, after his mother married an active church parishioner she met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with his mother and step-father to Waikiki so she could pursue a massage business.
“We just wanted people to know they were a good family” Desaegher said.
PITTSBURGH — There's a picture next to Antonio Brown's locker featuring the Pittsburgh Steelers star wide receiver and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger sharing a laugh. The photo includes a note from Roethlisberger saying “AB, we are unstoppable.”
Turns out, there might be one thing that slows down one of the most prolific duos in the NFL: the increasingly viral dustups provided by Brown's antics.
The latest came last Sunday, when Brown took his frustrations out on a water cooler after Roethlisberger failed to see Brown running wide open early in a 26-9 victory over Baltimore. Roethlisberger later likened Brown's outburst to a “temper tantrum,” one that forced Brown's teammates to spend a considerable portion of the week not talking about Pittsburgh's 3-1 start but Brown's occasionally diva-like behaviour.
Brown knows it needs to stop. Soon.
“It can take away the morale of the group,” Brown said Friday. “It can take away the morale of myself. Obviously I don't want (Ben) thinking I'm spazzing out because he does a great job of me getting me the ball and giving me the best chances to make plays. Just got to control my emotions … and understand I've got an effect on every guy here.”
Roethlisberger initially laughed off Brown's mini-meltdown but then went public during his weekly radio shows, chastising the 28-year-old Brown for setting a poor example for the rest of the roster.
“I never want to make the quarterback feel like I'm being a distraction or I've got any negativity toward him,” said Brown, who is currently second in the NFL in both receptions and yards receiving heading into Sunday's game against Jacksonville. “He's the guy who gave me the opportunity. He's the guy who's been in my corner since I got here.”
Brown's emergence as one of the most prolific receivers of his generation — he's the only player in league history with four consecutive seasons with at least 100 receptions and signed an extension in March that made him the highest-paid wideout in the league — has moved in lock step with his profile, one that has put him under a microscope. He drew a strong rebuke from head coach Mike Tomlin in January for livestreaming from the locker room following a playoff win in Kansas City. He repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with the six-year deal he signed in 2012 well before it expired even though the Steelers have a long-standing policy of not entering into negotiations until the penultimate season of a player's current contract.
“Obviously, I know the position I'm in,” Brown said. “I've got to take responsibility and be a representative not only for the Steelers, but myself, my family. I've got to be smart.”
Roethlisberger hinted Brown's behaviour had an effect on Brown's production over the course of the game. Brown was held to season lows in both receptions (four) and yards (34) even as Pittsburgh posted its most lopsided victory in Baltimore since the Ravens relocated from Cleveland more than two decades ago. Brown thinks Roethlisberger may have a point.
“Over the course of the game, you can't let negativity get in your head,” Brown said. “Any time a guy playing negative upon emotion, it's not going to be a great day. I learned that over the course of playing and Ben usually always put me back in place.”
Brown added he had no issue with Roethlisberger calling him out in the media, likening it to something a general might do.
“I think he knows I'm a competitive person,” Brown said. “I just didn't want him to feel disrespect or anything toward him. It's just me being passionate and wanting to play at a high level.”
NOTES: RT Marcus Gilbert (hamstring) will likely miss a third straight start. Gilbert practiced on Wednesday, but sat out on Thursday and Friday. Chris Hubbard will go if Gilbert can't play. … Pittsburgh's second-ranked defence could have its projected starting 11 on the field at the same time for the first time all year. Safety Mike Mitchell, who was held out against Baltimore with a hamstring issue, is expected to play.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
ZURICH — After being arrested in Rio de Janeiro and accused of storing gold bars in Switzerland, Brazilian Olympic Committee president Carlos Nuzman was suspended by the IOC on Friday.
The decision came hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a 2016 Olympic vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee was also provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen.
Nuzman, a 75-year-old lawyer, was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee announced the decisions after an emergency conference call of its executive board. The IOC said its decision will not affect Brazilian athletes, who will continue to receive scholarship funds and be eligible for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Nuzman was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of obstructing investigators from Brazil and France, who detained and questioned him one month ago. Their case explores suspicious payments linked to how the city won the hosting rights for the 2016 Olympics.
Brazilian prosecutors revealed Thursday they believed Nuzman has stored 16 bars of gold in a depository in Geneva and greatly increased his wealth while overseeing the Rio bid and organizing committees.
The office of Switzerland's attorney general said Friday it is “currently analyzing” a request from Brazil for legal assistance.
“The request has been transferred from the Federal Office of Justice (FOJ) to the (attorney general's office) as the competent authority for execution,” the federal office said in a statement.
Brazilian prosecutors have implicated Nuzman in a bribery scheme of at least $2 million to help win votes from IOC members, who chose Rio as host city in 2009 in a four-city contest. The losers were Chicago, supported by then-President Barack Obama, Madrid and Tokyo.
Nuzman is believed to be a central figure in channeling at least $2 million of a Brazilian businessman's money to Lamine Diack, a former IOC member from Senegal who helped control African votes.
Diack has been arrested in France as part of a wider case of alleged corruption while he was president of track and field's governing body, including blackmailing athletes to cover up doping cases.
The French case has also implicated four-time Olympic sprint medallist Frank Fredericks of Namibia. He was an IOC executive board member in October 2009 when he got a $300,000 payment linked to Brazil and the Diack family on the day Rio won.
On Thursday, Brazilian authorities said Nuzman's net worth increased by 457 per cent in his last 10 years as the country's Olympic leader.
Nuzman was arrested because investigators found he tried to hamper the investigation by regularizing assets likely gained with illicit money. Last month, he allegedly amended his tax declaration to add about $600,000 in income.
Nuzman's lawyers said he denies wrongdoing, and the IOC said he had the presumption of innocence while its ethics commission studies the case.
OKLAHOMA CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Cookie lovers rejoice – SONIC ® Drive-In (NASDAQ: SONC) is blending the classic all-American combination of creamy ice cream and decadent cookies into one delicious Shake. Part of SONIC's favorite Summer Nights event, guests can now savor SONIC's new Cookie Jar Shakes ™ for half-price after 8 p.m. every night.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005237/en/
SONIC's new Cookie Jar Shakes are blending the classic all-American combination of creamy ice cream and decadent cookies. (Photo: Business Wire)
Perfectly blended with SONIC's famous Real Ice Cream, there is a Cookie Jar Shake to satisfy any sweet tooth. Making every chocoholic's dream come true, the Chips Ahoy ® Choco Chunky Chocolate Shake blends crumbled Chips Ahoy Choco Chunk Cookies with rich chocolate syrup. The Oreo ® Caramel Shake takes the classic Oreo cookie up a notch with the addition of irresistible caramel syrup. The Nutter Butter ® Banana Shake elevates the childhood favorite combination of peanut butter and banana to dessert perfection, blending Nutter Butter cookie pieces with fresh banana. All SONIC Shakes are finished with an inviting swirl of whipped topping and a cherry.
“What's better than adding sweet, crunchy, classic cookies onto creamy, delightful ice cream? Hand-mixing those cookies with our Real Ice Cream for an all new flavor experience,” said Scott Uehlein, vice president of product innovation and development for SONIC. “We reached into the cookie jar to come up with these Shakes, punching up the flavor of these classic cookies – Chips Ahoy, Oreo and Nutter Butter – with the addition of rich chocolate, sweet caramel and fresh banana to give our guests something that is both familiar and distinct at the same time.”
SONIC's Cookie Jar Shakes are available for a limited time only **, so guests will need to hurry over to their local drive-ins to enjoy this delicious treat any time of day, or half-price after 8 p.m. every night during the SONIC Summer Nights event.
**For a limited time only at participating SONIC® Drive-Ins. See menu for details.
About SONIC, America's Drive-In
SONIC, America's Drive-In is the nation's largest drive-in restaurant chain serving approximately 3 million customers every day. Nearly 94 percent of SONIC's 3,500 drive-in locations are owned and operated by local businessmen and women. For 65 years, SONIC has delighted guests with signature menu items, 1.3 million drink combinations and friendly service by iconic Carhops. Since the 2009 launch of SONIC's Limeades for Learning philanthropic campaign in partnership with DonorsChoose.org, SONIC has donated $9.5 million to public school teachers nationwide to fund essential learning materials and innovative teaching resources to inspire creativity and learning in their students. To learn more about Sonic Corp. (NASDAQ/NM: SONC), please visit sonicdrivein.com and please visit or follow us on Facebook and Twitter. To learn more about SONIC's Limeades for Learning initiative, please visit LimeadesforLearning.com.
SONC-M
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005237/en/
CONTACT: For SONIC Drive-In
Rebeka Mora, 512-542-2804
Rebeka.Mora@Cohnwolfe.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA OKLAHOMA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE
SOURCE: SONIC Drive-In
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 07:55 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 07:55 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005237/en
LEAVITTSBURG, Ohio (WYTV) – The LaBrae boys basketball team trailed by three at halftime, but used a strong second half to defeat Newton Falls, 55-40 Friday at LaBrae High School.
The Tigers jumped out to an early lead thanks to a big 2nd quarter, which put them up 24-21 at the break. But LaBrae outscored the Tigers, 24-8 in the 3rd quarter to pull away for good.
Tyler Stephens scored a game-high 19 points, while Logan Kizer added 16 points. Gage Friend paced Newton Falls with 11 points, and Preston Rapczak had 10.
With the win, LaBrae keeps their perfect record intact at 14-0. Newton Falls drops to 9-7 overall.
If there's one thing you should always remember about science, it's that fact and truth are established after multiple studies converge on an answer. Even after that, further research might turn over what you thought was true of the other studies, because you were looking at it through too narrow of a lens. Single papers offer evidence, but rarely do they offer firm truths.
This reality is compounded by another factor in certain fields, like nutrition and medical science. There are business interests trying to sell you a product, and proof that a product is healthy is obviously a great selling point. On the other side, if you're an activist, proof that a product is bad can be just as useful. All of this can add bias.
What the Health, a new documentary on Netflix produced by Joaquin Phoenix, takes advantage of these realities. The documentary cherry-picks studies to “prove” that any animal-based product will cause cancer or diabetes.
Of course, we don't know for sure whether giving up animal products is actually good for your health in the long run. Some studies show that vegetarians and vegans live longer, but others don't, as Melody Ding outlines in The Conversation. Those that do suffer from a general health consciousness bias. Those folks that avoid meat and animal products could simply be living longer because they care more about their lifestyles in lots of different ways. They might also be younger and wealthier.
What does that mean for you? Well, avoid meat if animal welfare or environmentalism is important to you. Otherwise, if you're really interested in living longer (which is what everyone ultimately wants, right?) cross your fingers and hope your parents live for a long time. We use this quote a lot, but S. Jay Olshansky once told Gizmodo, “In the world of aging sciences, if you want to live a long life, choose long-lived parents.”
After that, don't smoke, and focus on a diet that minimises processed foods and includes more vegetables. Maybe eat less, get out more, and focus on a real healthy lifestyle change like biking to work every day or giving up all desserts. Past that, you might have to rely on research or expertise backed by less or less reliable data that will point you in the direction the expert thinks best reflects the existing evidence... and maybe their ethics.
More Netflix Posts:
Police need your help identifying a man who robbed a business in Gonzales.
According to the Gonzales Police Department, the incident happened on Saturday, Aug. 12 at Advance America, 503 South Burnside Avenue in Gonzales.
Surveillance video captured the incident. The unidentified suspect went into the store, pulled out a gun and demanded money.
The suspect got away with an undisclosed amount of cash.
No one was injured.
If you know anything regarding the identity of the suspect, call Crime Stoppers at (225) 344-7867 or the Gonzales Police Department at (225) 647-9572.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Monday saw the draw for the last 32 of the Europa League made, with the likes of Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Borussia Dortmund involved.
The first legs will be played on February 15 and the return games contested a week later on February 22.
Here we go through the draw in full:
The official result of the Round of 32 #UELdraw!
Most exciting tie? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/166NCzW7wq — UEFA Europa League (@EuropaLeague) December 11, 2017
Borussia Dortmund v Atalanta
Nice v Lokomotiv Moscow
Copenhagen v Atletico Madrid
Spartak Moscow v Athletic Bilbao
AEK Athens v Dynamo Kiev
Celtic v Zenit
Napoli v RB Leipzig
Red Star Belgrade v CSKA Moscow
Lyon v Villarreal
Real Sociedad v Salzburg
Partizan v Viktoria Plzen
FCSB v Lazio
Ludogorets v AC Milan
Astana v Sporting CP
Ostersunds v Arsenal
Marseille v Sporting Braga
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, file). FILE--In this March 20, 2013, file photo, Culinary Union workers demonstrate along Las Vegas Boulevard outside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino while protesting their contract negotiations with Deutsche Bank in Las Veg...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Apple Inc. shares hit a record on optimism that the next iPhone will drive a resurgence in sales and help the company's services businesses grow.
The stock climbed less than 1% to $133.29 at the close Monday in New York, the highest on record. The increase valued Apple at about $699 billion, making it the world's most highly capitalized company. Google parent Alphabet Inc. is next at $573 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Analysts are predicting a further gain in Apple shares in the next year, based on the average 12-month target price of $142.58, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
The intraday peak for the shares is $134.54, set in April 2015. The previous closing record was $133 in February of that year. The stock then dropped for more than a year on concern about waning smartphone industry growth and Apple's prospects beyond the iPhone. However, the company recently reported stronger-than-expected iPhone sales during the key holiday quarter, helping the stock reach a new high.
While the iPhone 7, introduced in September, failed to convince as many existing customers to upgrade as its predecessor did, it succeeded in attracting new smartphone buyers to the Cupertino, California-based company. That bodes well for the next iPhone later this year, which is expected to be a more substantial upgrade, according to analysts.
“It's probably just a continuation of the rally following the last quarter report and guidance for the second quarter that's giving investors a bridge to the next iPhone that many are getting excited about,” BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk said.
The stock was also buoyed by the equity market, with all U.S. benchmarks ending the day at records. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, which includes Apple, climbed past 20,400 for the first time.
More iPhone users increases the chances Apple can sell software, services and subscriptions like Apple Music and iCloud. Services revenue grew 18% to $7.2 billion in the most recent period, and the company aims to double the annual total to more than $50 billion by fiscal 2021.
Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning
“A lot of it comes from the fact that our installed base of devices around the world continues to grow very well,” Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in a recent interview.
Still, Apple has struggled to expand into other businesses that are big enough to move the needle at a company with more than $200 billion in annual revenue. Its secretive car project got off to a slow start and the Apple Watch, while popular, hasn't come close to matching the iPhone's success. The business can't continue to rely only on hit smartphones.
“We know what a smartphone looks like and does,” billionaire technology investor Peter Thiel told the New York Times earlier this year. “It's not an area where there will be any more innovation.”
By Alex Webb
Understanding fashion can help you to look and feel your best. If you have a bad fashion sense and are unhappy with your look, this article will be of great benefit to you. Read on to learn a number of fashion tips that will help you to improve your style and look.
If you wear stockings, keep a small bottle of clear nail polish with you. If you get a snag or run, a small drop of the polish will help stop it before it gets bad. Remember that it only takes a small amount to work so, do not overdo it, or you will have a sticky mess.
Sheer clothing can be sexy, but it is important that it is not too sheer. If your pants, skirt or shirt are too sheer in private areas, the result can be a cheap or trashy look that will not make you feel classy.
Add some fun to your wardrobe by wearing pieces with some interesting prints and patterns. You could wear geometric patterned shirts or striped patterned skirts. You could even wear animal print heels or polka-dotted dresses. Whether you desire a classy or an edgy look, you can find a print or pattern to fit your style.
The basic black dress is essential for any woman's wardrobe. You can wear this dress for casual occasions by accessorizing it with a pair of comfortable pumps. You can wear the same dress for a more formal occasion if you put up your hair and accessorize with a pearl necklace and earrings.
Although it may have been popular years ago, wearing clothing that does not match is not in style anymore. Whether you are wearing jeans and a top, a suit, or a skirt and shirt, be sure the top and bottom match. The same goes for the accessories you choose to wear.
There is nothing wrong with using hair accessories, but do not use too many at once because it will make you look tacky. Limit them to no more than two at a time. Furthermore, avoid using hair accessories that are so large that they overpower your hairstyle or make your head look too small.
Nobody is perfect when trying to be fashionable, so do not set your goals on perfection. For starters, there is no one who is perfect. If you focus on perfection, you lose the freedom to be yourself. You might have noticed that the "rough" look is actually a great look anyone can pull off. For example, some hair that's out of place, or a jacket that's worn and torn, etc, can create a purposeful tattered look that really stands out in a crowd.
By increasing the amount of water that you drink, you can help protect your nails from dryness. If you are not properly hydrated, your nails will probably reflect it, appearing dry and brittle. If the air is dry and frigid, such as in the winter, you need to moisturize frequently. Also, make sure that you moisturize your nails daily to maintain health. You can also put on shea butter or some other type of hand cream on your hands and place a cotton glove on top while you go to sleep.
Always dress respectfully for the occasion. Don't wear a tube top if you're going to a wedding, and don't short to the prom. Learn to respect fashion traditions, even if you're tempted to defy them for no good reason. Is it really going to hurt to to put on that tie Mom wants you to wear to church? Showing respect in how you dress will gain you respect in return.
When you dry your hair, you should just pat or blot it dry with a towel instead of rubbing your hair with a towel. Rubbing tangles and breaks your hair and can even lead to loss of hair. When you are blow-drying your hair, use a low setting and move the blow dryer constantly so that you don't fry one section of hair. Don't hold the blow dryer too close as this can cause harm to your hair and even burn you.
To stretch your wardrobe's versatility, fill your wardrobe with a variety of scarves and belts in different patterns and styles. You can use these to add a splash of interest to a solid colored top. You can use these in countless combinations to create a different look each time without needing to buy a different outfit.
Have jeans professionally hemmed. Creating a hem isn't difficult with a sewing machine, but a good tailor can remove fabric from above the hem and reattach it. This preserves that crisp look and the original stitching. The result is a well-fitting pair of jeans that appears to have come straight off the rack.
If you are going to be in the hot weather, wear clothes that are made from natural fabrics so your skin can breath. Cottons and silks are ideal materials for summer clothes. Avoid synthetic fibers, like polyester, that are not as effective in keeping you cool because they tend to stick to you.
If you are small and petite, then you should avoid wearing strong prints and loose, chunky clothing. This will not look good on you. Instead, you should aim for fitted clothing and soft fabrics, and ensure that you streamline everything so that your body is not being cut in half.
Now that you have these fashion tips, you don't have to admire your favorite celebrities looks from the television screen. You can actually look like your favorite celebrities. There are so many pieces of clothing that you can use to achieve this look, so go out there and find them.
A Dutch national who was reported missing in Turkey has been found dead, officials and Turkish media reports said Monday.
The body of 22-year-old Joey Hoffman was found in a dried-up stream bed in the village of Narlikuyu, near the Mediterranean coastal town of Silifke, the private Dogan news agency reported.
An initial inspection of the body showed no sign that the man had been killed, Sevket Cinbir, the district governor in Silifke, told the state-run Anadolu Agency. He said that an autopsy would be carried out.
Hoffman disappeared after he had gone to Silifke to help a couple of friends who were building a house, according to Dutch media. He was last seen on July 8.
Anadolu said he went missing after he left to wander in the area searching for land to buy.
Police and rescue crews had been searching for Hoffman with the help of a drone, Anadolu reported.
IMPA
This week in This Week In Posters, we begin with this extremely moist poster for Adrift. So maybe it's not the most visually dynamic of the bunch, but I always appreciate choosing a conceptual image over trying to squeeze a bunch of actors' faces and text in there. You think Sam Claflin voices Shailene Woodley's talking volleyball? I assume this is a Castaway situation.
IMPA
I'm sure there will be seventeen trillion individual character posters for Avengers: Infinity War in the coming weeks, but in the meantime I'm enjoying the sheer absurdity of trying to squeeze all these names onto the same poster. You know how I said that thing about not trying to squeeze all the names and faces onto the same poster in the last one? I rescind that. If the point of the marketing campaign is to show how overstuffed the movie is, this is perfect.
IMPA
Yo, wasn't this movie supposed to come out like a year and a half ago? Here's a Borg/McEnroe poster from last August. Apparently it came out in the UK and Sweden last Fall but they saved it for April here in the US. Strange. Anyway, I like how the imagery is all pushed to the right margin. Feels like McEnroe is crowding us. He's totally in my face!
Also, the only thing worse than film critics trying to do themed plays on words in their pull quotes is studios using those quotes in their marketing campaigns. What consumer does that work on? “Gee, honey, I was on the fence about seeing The Burger King, but then I heard Gene Shalit called it ‘a whopper of a biopic,' so…”
IMPA
Is this just Stranger Than Fiction 2?
IMDB says…
When bestselling celebrity biographer, Lee Israel, is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception, abetted by her loyal friend, Jack.
Okay, that sounds interesting. Who is this “Jack” though? Is he a doggy? If Jack is a doggy you have to tell me.
Juventus attacker Kwadwo Asamoah will not join up with Ghana for the Africa Cup of Nations, with coach Avram Grant excluding him from his provisional 26-man squad on Monday.
Asamoah was reported to have made himself unavailable last month following his comeback from a knee injury and his absence was confirmed by Grant.
Leicester City's Jeffrey Schlupp is also missing from the squad, while Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sulley Muntari - thought to have been asked to be considered - were also not included.
Boateng and Muntari were also omitted in 2015 after being sent home from the 2014 World Cup and suspended over alleged indiscipline.
Coach Avram Grant's target for the tournament is to win it but will first focus on qualifying from the "tough" group pic.twitter.com/hnINxEGM7B — Ghana FA (@ghanafaofficial) January 2, 2017
Star names Asamoah Gyan and Andre Ayew did make the cut and are joined by a trio of uncapped youngsters.
Midfielders Ebenezer Ofori and Joseph Larweh Attamah could make their first international appearances at the tournament in Gabon, as could Austria Lustenau striker Raphael Dwamena.
Ghana have been drawn in Group D alongside Mali, Egypt and Uganda, who provide the opposition for the Black Stars' opener on January 17.
Ghana squads in full:
Goalkeepers: Razak Braimah (Cordoba), Adam Kwarasey (Rosenborg) Richard Ofori (Wa All Stars).
Defenders: Frank Acheampong (Anderlecht), Harrison Afful (Columbus Crew), John Boye (Sivasspor), Jonathan Mensah (Anzhi), Baba Rahman (Schalke), Andy Yiadom (Barnsley).
Midfielders: Afriyie Acquah (Torino), Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu (Udinese), Daniel Amartey (Leicester City), Christian Atsu (Newcastle United), Joseph Larweh Attamah (Basaksehir), Edwin Gyimah (Orlando Pirates), Ebenezer Ofori (AIK Stockholm), Thomas Partey (Atletico Madrid), Samuel Tetteh (Leifering), Mubarak Wakaso (Panathinaikos).
Forwards: Ebenezer Assifuah (Sion), Andre Ayew (West Ham), Jordan Ayew (Aston Villa), Rahpael Dwamena (Austria Lustenau), Asamoah Gyan (Al Ahli), Bernard Tekpetey (Schalke), Abdul-Majeed Waris (Lorient).
Atlantis Casino Resort Spa is honored to reveal that it has been recognized as Reno's top hotel by national publisher U.S. News & World Report, as recently announced in its annual Best Hotel Rankings program. Additionally, Atlantis' Concierge Tower, the only of its kind in northern Nevada, has earned the prestigious award program's second highest mark, just behind the Atlantis property as a whole.
“This accolade reinforces our steadfast commitment to deliver an exceptional guest experience,” said Cheraz Ecker, Atlantis Casino Resort Spa General Manager in a press release. “It's an honor to be recognized and to continue to lead the industry in hospitality excellence.”
According to U.S. News & World Report, the seventh annual Best Hotels rankings evaluate more than 3,000 luxury properties across the United States, the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico. The methodology accounts for both expert and guest sentiment, in addition to industry accolades a hotel receives.
(AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File). FILE- This July 24, 2017, file photo shows the Caterpillar logo on the front grille of a Caterpillar 725C End Dump truck at a dealer in Miami. Caterpillar Inc. reports earnings Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
By The Associated Press
A boost in equipment sales propelled Caterpillar's first-quarter profit, as a strong global economy helped support construction and energy industry projects.
The maker of heavy equipment and machinery also greatly increased its outlook for the year, citing an upbeat global market, better pricing and demand.
Profit rose eightfold to $1.67 billion, or $2.74 per share, while revenue surged 31 percent to $12.86 billion. The results topped Wall Street expectations.
Construction equipment sales rose 38 percent during the quarter, while energy and transportation equipment sales rose 26 percent. North America remained the company's biggest market, with its Asia/Pacific region coming in as its next biggest.
Looking ahead, the Deerfield, Illinois company boosted its full-year outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 per share.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dog Days of Summer Getting You Down?
Hang it up and go fishing!
Yep, it's hot out here folks and that means there just isn't a better time to get out and do some serious fishing around the Dunedin Causeway, Honeymoon and Caladesi Islands! Fishing has been on fire all summer long and not much will change in August except that it's a little bit hotter outside.
It's a great time to change tactics and stay cool at the same time. If you haven't tried wading, kayaking or paddle boarding out to where the big fish are hanging around here, now's the time to give it a try. Many of our customers will either wade right off the Causeway or the island beaches, or paddle out behind the islands and cast their way to fish heaven; and stay cooler in the process!
Big, breeder snook are hitting like crazy right off the beaches on the Gulf side and in Hurricane Pass. These fish are looking for big, easy to catch meals to build up their eggs and sperm for the upcoming spawn so a big live grunt, pinfish or mullet free-lined in the current will almost always tempt these fish into biting. We're talking 30” to 48” fish here folks, so an incredible fight and long, drag burning are to be expected. The crew at Barracuda Bob's can help you with bait, rigging and places to nail these beasts!
Reds are bombing the mangrove shorelines and oyster bars at high tide along the inside of Honeymoon and Caladesi Islands, and along Edgewater on the Dunedin mainland. Long casts with big topwater baits using a walk the dog retrieve will produce explosive action early in the mornings. Later in the day try a half fresh pinfish soaked on the bottom or work a big jig and tail combo with a Gulp tail.
Big Tarpon are still cruising the sand bars on the Gulf side of Honeymoon, Caladesi and Three Rooker Islands, and along the Dunedin Causeway early in the mornings. Half a Blue crab or half a big fresh mullet soaked on the bottom will work, as will a big live pinfish or Thread Herring drifted out under a big bobber. There's hardly a day that goes by that some unlucky angler walks into Barracuda Bob's needing his reel respooled, because he got jumped by a big tarpon and completely spooled! These fish take heavy spinning gear if you want a chance to land them and take photos!
All sorts of sharks can readily be taken off the Causeway or Gulf beaches. Make sure to use heavy wire leader and big hunks of Bonito or mullet to bag them. Sharks three to five feet long are common, but don't be surprised to hook something much bigger!
Offshore Gag and Red grouper are virtually everywhere out past 50 feet of water. Gags like live pinfish best, but Reds will take almost any bait, including frozen sardines or squid. With these fish don't be shy about using a big hook and really big baits. They all have bucket mouths!
Whatever your piscatorial passion, make sure to stop by Barracuda Bob's island Surf & Sports on the Dunedin Causeway for the best in baits, tackle and fishing advice. Our friendly and knowledgeable crew will be happy to set you up with everything you need for a productive day or night on the water!
See y'all out there!
Capt Joe
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
MEND backs Reps summon of Jonathan over Malabu oil deal
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) on Monday hailed the decision of the House of Representatives to summon former President Goodluck Jonathan on the controversial Malabu oil deal.
MEND, in an online statement issued by its Spokesperson, Jomo Gbomo, alleged that ex-President Jonathan received $200 million as kickback from the oil deal, while urging the federal lawmakers to compel Jonathan's appearance
It said: “We are compelled by natural justice, equity and good conscience to lend our voice to the most ignoble and despicable role played by the former President in the messy affair which has tainted the image of Nigeria, both locally and internationally.
“Like millions of Nigerians at home and in the Diaspora, who have keenly followed the OPL 245 saga, we have reasonable grounds to suspect that former President Jonathan may have indeed compromised his high office with regard to the matter, more especially, given the fact that key officials of his administration, including the then Attorney-General of the Federation, Mr. Mohammed Bello Adoke, have been indicted and charged before the Federal High Court in Abuja.
“We are in full support of moves by the House of Representatives to summon the former President to appear before the House to give answers to the myriad of questions concerning his role in OPL 245 saga.
“Where he (Jonathan) refuses to honour the invitation, we urge the House to invoke its inherent powers to compel his appearance.”
The militant group also said it was alarmed by media reports of the planned relocation of Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) to Lagos from Port Harcourt, Rivers State.
If it was true, MEND urged the Anglo/Dutch oil giant (SPDC) to shelve the idea of relocating to Lagos, stressing that the move had the likely consequence of reawakening restiveness in the Niger Delta region.
It added: “Besides the massive loss of jobs, opportunities, taxes and other incentives, the planned move (by SPDC) will cause in the medium to short term, it is clear to all stakeholders, including the Federal Government, that such a move is ill advised, especially against the backdrop of the recent directive from the federal government to the International Oil Companies (IOCs) to relocate to their areas of operation in the Niger Delta.
“To be sure, the Niger Delta region is no longer hostile to the business interests of the IOCs, including SPDC, as peace has since returned to the region; following the enervating efforts of MEND, the Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), the various state governments and the federal government. There is therefore no reason whatsoever for SPDC to relocate to Lagos.
“We use this opportunity to warn that we shall reconsider the unilateral ceasefire of May 30, 2014, if SPDC relocates to Lagos.”
The post MEND backs Reps summon of Jonathan over Malabu oil deal appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Global Flu Vaccine (Influenza Vaccine) Market Competitive Analysis 2018 and Forecast till 2023 – News of Columnist
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a home run in the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New Yo...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this Aug. 14, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton stands on the field during a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New York Y...
By BEN WALKER
AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) - Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
The New York Yankees announced Monday they'd acquired Stanton from the Miami Marlins, getting the NL MVP and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton was to be introduced later in the day at Major League Baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old outfielder is still owed $295 million over the final decade of his record $325 million, 13-year contract.
The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, are expected to send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise his right to opt out of his contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season.
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Once he puts on the pinstripes, Stanton will pair with Aaron Judge, the 6-foot-7 rookie who was second in the majors with 52 homers.
The Yankees topped baseball with 241 home runs last season. The prospect of the daunting duo together in the lineup - and putting on batting practice shows - raised thoughts of their previous powerful 1-2 punches, such as Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, along with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris.
Shortly after the Yankees and Marlins agreed to the deal last weekend, Judge, the unanimous AL Rookie of the Year, sent a tweet to Stanton showing a clip from the movie "Step Brothers" with Will Ferrell saying, "Did we just become best friends?"
The Yankees came within one win of the World Series in October, losing the final two games of the AL Championship Series at Houston. The deal is sure to get a legion of fans that already dislike the Yanks railing against Jeter sending Stanton to his old team.
Stanton had a no-trade clause in his contract and last week turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco. There was speculation he wanted to play close to home with the Los Angeles Dodgers, but clearly the Yankees were to his liking.
The Yankees haven't had a losing record since 1992. The Marlins haven't had a winning season since Stanton made his big league debut for them in 2010.
Jeter is expected to reduce payroll by at least 20 percent to $90 million or less. The Marlins shed $38 million of salary through 2020 by trading two-time All-Star second baseman Dee Gordon to Seattle last week for three prospects.
Castro is due $10 million in 2018 and $11 million in 2019, plus a $16 million club option for 2020 with a $1 million buyout.
The Yankees' payroll for purposes of baseball's luxury tax was about $209 million this year, and owner Hal Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce it below next year's $197 million threshold, which would reset the team's base tax rate from 50 percent to 20 percent in 2019. That would put the Yankees, under new manager Aaron Boone, in better position for next offseason's free agent class, which includes Bryce Harper, Manny Machado and possibly Clayton Kershaw.
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade him to the New York Mets.
The 21-year-old Guzman was 5-3 with a 2.30 ERA in Class A Staten Island. The 18-year-old Devers hit .245 in the Dominican Summer League and the rookie Gulf Coast League.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum contributed to this report.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Less than a month ago I decided to buy a new WiFi Access Point to increase the quality and possibilities of my Home Wifi. Until now I just had a “Fritzbox” which is already very nice for home use. Fritz does anything, Fast WiFi, Modem, Router, Voip, Call answer machine, DECT Gateway and it's stable and easy to configure. Of course I wished to have a more enterprise like network setup, especially because also my lab environment is in my home network and a lot of IoT stuff. But honestly the components I had known that allows enterprise features was not in my budget.
So first plan was to just increase WiFi. I just bought ans Ubiquiti UniFi AP-AC-Pro without any ulterior motive. But to be honest, the new AP was like a starter drug. I saw what all is possible and for a price which is also payable for home use and with no extra license costs. I don't want to write a review here about my new awesome Ubiquiti gear, if you wish to know more about that stuff see here the blog post from my fellow CTP Jason Samuel: Building a secure high visibility WiFi network using Ubiquiti Networks UniFi gear
Read the entire article here, How to bring your network back online in minutes with Ubiquiti UniFi gear – sachathomet.ch
via Sacha Thomet
Stewart Spalding was honored during a UofL home game just days before his death. (Source: Christy Ames)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) -The former University of Louisville football player honored at a home game against Murray State has died.
Stewart Spalding, 37, passed away Wednesday after a battle with brain cancer.
Saturday, Sept. 30, the former tight end who played for the Cards from 1999-2001 was honored with pictures on the jumbotron during the game. His three daughters, family members and friends stood on the field.
The tribute received a standing ovation from fans at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
Spalding went to St. Xavier High School and was an attorney.
His funeral mass will be Tuesday, Oct. 10 at 10 a.m. at Holy Spirit Catholic Church. Visitation is at the Highlands Funeral Home on Sunday, Oct. 8 from 2 to 7 p.m. and Monday from 4 to 8 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
Arsenal could launch a summer bid for Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak, according to the Evening Standard.
The Gunners are tipped to sign a new keeper ahead of the 2018/19 campaign, with the report claiming that Colombia international David Ospina is almost certain to leave this summer, while Petr Cech's position as Arsene Wenger's no.1 is under threat following his shaky performances of late.
Slovenia international Oblak, aged 25, is touted as a potential target.
He came through the ranks at his homeland at Olimpija Ljubljana, joining Benfica in 2010 and moving on to Atletico in 2014.
He has since clocked up 136 appearances for the Spanish side and established himself as one of Europe's top keepers.
But the report suggests that Arsenal's hopes of attracting Oblak could rest on them securing Champions League football for next season, which currently looks unlikely.
A second year away from Europe's top club competition might be unappealing for Oblak and would also impact on the Gunners' spending power.
VALLEJO, Calif. — A couple reached a $2.5 million settlement with a Northern California city and its police department after investigators dismissed the woman's elaborate and bizarre kidnapping as a hoax.
Police in the city of Vallejo initially discounted a report by Denise Huskins and her boyfriend, Aaron Quinn, that a masked intruder drugged them in their home and then kidnapped her in 2015.
The assailant sexually assaulted Huskins and released her two days later outside her family's home in Southern California. The Associated Press doesn't normally name victims of sexual assault, but Huskins has frequently spoken publicly about the case in the past.
Police realized the couple were telling the truth after a disbarred Harvard University-trained attorney, Matthew Muller, was implicated in another crime and tied to the abduction. He pleaded guilty to the kidnapping and is serving a 40-year prison term.
Quinn's mother, Marianne Quinn, told the San Francisco Chronicle that the settlement in the lawsuit was reached Thursday.
Vallejo police had apologized after discounting the outlandish kidnapping.
Muller used a drone to spy on the couple before he broke into their home with a fake gun, tied them up and made them drink a sleep-inducing liquid, prosecutors said. They were blindfolded while Muller played a recorded message that made it seem as if there was more than one kidnapper.
He put Huskins in the trunk of his car, drove her to his home in South Lake Tahoe and held her there for two days. Investigators said they found videos of Muller arranging cameras in a bedroom and then recording himself twice sexually assaulting his blindfolded victim.
During and after the kidnapping, Muller used an anonymous email address to send messages to a San Francisco reporter claiming that Huskins was abducted by a team of elite criminals practicing their tactics.
After she was released in the city of Huntington Beach, Vallejo police called the kidnapping a hoax and erroneously likened it to the book and movie “Gone Girl,” in which a woman goes missing and then lies about being kidnapped when she reappears.
Muller was arrested in an attempted robbery at another San Francisco Bay Area home. Authorities said they found a cellphone that they traced to Muller and a subsequent search of a car and home turned up evidence, including a computer Muller stole from Quinn, linking him to the abduction.
Huskins sued police, and a judge ruled last year that the lawsuit could proceed.
“The conduct plaintiffs allege goes beyond defendants being skeptical, investigating alternate theories, and expressing skepticism,” U.S. District Judge Troy Nunley wrote in his 22-page decision, adding that, “A reasonable jury could find that defendants engaged in conduct that was extreme and outrageous.”
Sally Wainwright's jam-packed schedule means there will be no more new episodes of the BBC1 drama, according to the Murder on the Orient Express actor
Sad news, Last Tango in Halifax fans: Derek Jacobi has confirmed that last year's Christmas two-parter is the last we will see of the show, as writer Sally Wainwright has no plans to revisit the series in the future.
Advertisement
When asked by RadioTimes.com if the show is returning, Jacobi replied: “No, I'm afraid it's not.”
“We did a Christmas special last Christmas, which we thought was the beginning of another series, but no,” he said. Watch Jacobi discuss the end of the show below:
Last Tango has aired three series on BBC1, plus last year's Christmas special.
But the decision to end it seems to be down to Wainwright's jam-packed schedule. The writer/director has a new drama, Gentleman Jack, in the works, based on West Yorkshire diarist Anne Lister, with a third series of her Bafta-winning Happy Valley also expected next year.
“She's written out, she's writing so many things,” Jacobi said. “She's a wonderful writer, but she's got so much work that Tango is finished.”
“It's very sad, we all loved it,” he added.
The BBC responded to Jacobi's comments with a statement: “Sally is presently engaged with another BBC project, but has every intention of revisiting Last Tango when she is able to.”
Still, in the meantime Jacobi can be seen in Murder on the Orient Express – Kenneth Branagh's star-studded new adaptation of Agatha Christie's classic novel – playing manservant Edward Masterman to Johnny Depp's mobster Ratchett.
Advertisement
For more on the film – from Jacobi, as well as Olivia Colman and Josh Gadd – click play on the video below:
John Welsh is banking on his sixth season at Preston being far better than the fifth.
The midfielder missed more than six months of last term with a serious calf injury.
John Welsh in action for PNE at Brighton where he was injured last season
A few times he got close to a return to training, only for the problem to flare up.
Welsh has spent much of the close season on a weights programme to strengthen his right leg and will be looking to start afresh when the squad report back for pre-season training on June 29.
It was in the closing stages of the 2-2 draw at Brighton, on October 15, that he suffered the injury.
At the time, his absence was estimated to be just a few weeks but the tear in the calf muscle proved more severe than initially thought.
Welsh told the Post: “In my career I've broken my leg and had niggly injuries but this has been completely different.
“Our physio Matt Jackson explained to me in some detail what had happened but basically I think the muscle has separated and taken its time to repair.
“It's been very frustrating, I've missed a lot of football in the last few months.
“What I found was that I taking two steps forward and then three back in terms of getting fit.
“I'd be close to getting back to training but then I would get a lot of pain.
“It seemed that the more desperate I was to get back out there with the lads, the worse the setback would be.
“This summer I have been on the weights, getting the leg as strong as possible.
“It is feeling a lot stronger now and hopefully it will be fine when we come back for training in a fortnight's time.
“The physio will guide me in pre-season. I don't know whether he will put me straight back in training or take things a bit slower.
“In the last few weeks, I've been coming to the training ground to see Jacko so that he can assess me.
“Then I've been working in the gym nearer home.”
Welsh had only recently got himself back in the PNE side when injury struck, having started last season very much on the fringes of the squad.
So having got only eight games under his belt, it will be a case of trying to make up for lost time in 2017/18.
In a youthful-looking squad, there is room for the experience which 33-year-old Welsh provides.
“It is only natural that I want to try and make up for lost time,” said Welsh.
“I love being here, this club feels like home now.
“I've been here since the summer of 2012 and had a lot of good times.
“The season coming will be a big one – we want to improve on what we did last time.
“I think we improved last season on what we did the one before.
“While we finished in the same position, I thought we were better in a division which was stronger.
“The division will only get tougher because of what the teams coming down from the Premier League can spend.
“But we've shown in the last two seasons that we can compete well against the big teams.”
WWE.com
Here are your quick and dirty, editorial-free WWE Smackdown Live results for February 14, 2017. The first show following the Elimination Chamber featured a huge triple threat match for the WWE Championship, and Mickie James getting a rematch against Becky Lynch.
Be back here tomorrow for the full Best and Worst of Smackdown column.
WWE Smackdown Live Results:
— The show opened with a full recap of everything that happened at Sunday's Elimination Chamber pay-per-view, followed by Bray Wyatt's first in-arena entrance as WWE Champion. He said he has the whole world in his hands now and he always knew this day would come. John Cena eventually came out and took issue with the fans chanting “You deserve it,” because no one deserves anything, they earn what they get. Cena said since everyone's excited, why doesn't Bray start earning it right now.
AJ Styles interrupted and said if he thinks Cena is getting his rematch before Styles, he's wrong. Styles accused Cena of always jumping the line, but then changed his mind and said this isn't about Cena, this is about AJ Styles. He said he's beaten Cena several times, and he knows he can beat Bray, so he wants his one-on-one rematch for the WWE title right now. That brought out Daniel Bryan, who said it's a conundrum, because both Styles and Cena are owed a WWE Championship rematch, and WWE promised the live crowd a championship match, so it will be John Cena vs. AJ Styles vs. Bray Wyatt in a triple threat main event match.
1. American Alpha defeated The Ascension. Jason Jordan knocked Konnor out of the ring with a Pounce, allowing American Alpha to hit the Grand Amplitude on Viktor to get the pin.
— After the match, the Usos appeared on the TitanTron and said that feeling that someone is coming for American Alpha's titles isn't paranoia, it's the Usos.
— Dean Ambrose was backstage looking for Baron Corbin, and ran into James Ellsworth and Carmella. Ambrose told Ellsworth that Carmella is just using him, and Carmella demanded Ellsworth stick up for her. Daniel Bryan showed up and Ambrose asked for a match against Ellsworth, which Bryan granted.
— After the commercial, Ellsworth and Carmella were in the ring and Ellsworth hyped Carmella. Ambrose's music hit, but Ambrose didn't come out. Finally Baron Corbin appears, dragging Ambrose. Ambrose tried to fight back, but Corbin put him through a production table with a Deep Six. Corbin left while officials tended to Ambrose.
— Natalya and Nikki Bella got in a pull-apart brawl backstage and Daniel Bryan got fed up with it, announcing a Falls Count Anywhere match between the two of them for next week.
2. Mickie James defeated Becky Lynch. James faked an arm injury, and the referee backed Lynch off, but Mickie kicked her in the head and got the pin.
— Renee Young welcomed new Smackdown Women's Champion Naomi to the ring. Naomi said she suffered a knee injury during her ring entrance on Sunday, but she's fought through worse before, and nothing is taking the title away from her. Alexa Bliss came to the ring and said Naomi got lucky on Sunday. Alexa said she's in a good mood, so she's going to give Naomi one week to decide whether to give her back her title, or she'll beat her up and take it.
3. Triple Threat Match for the WWE Championship: Bray Wyatt (c) defeated AJ Styles and John Cena. During Bray Wyatt's entrance, Luke Harper appeared and beat him down viciously before the match could even get started. Styles went for a Phenomenal Forearm on Cena, but got knocked off the top rope. Cena turned around into a Sister Abigail from Wyatt, which got the pin.
— After the match, Randy Orton interrupted Wyatt's celebration and made his way to ringside. He grabbed a microphone and got in the ring, face-to-face with Wyatt. He said although he won the Royal Rumble, since Wyatt is the master and he is the servant, he refuses his match at WrestleMania and pledges his allegiance to Bray Wyatt. Then he handed the microphone to Bray and got on his knees, bowing to him. Wyatt told him he now has the keys to the kingdom. The two posed together to end the show.
Edo guber appeal: Needle in haystacks
Vanguard
THE Edo Project, as envisioned by Mr. Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki in 2015, is intact, healthy and on course! Thank God for the judgment delivered by the Appeal Court, sitting in Benin City, on Friday, June 9, 2017 re-affirming the election of Mr. Godwin …
and more »
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $250 million in investments in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Deepwater Wind also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. With this latest project, the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
"It is an enormous clean energy machine," Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said. "It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States. And we're going to build it and deliver that at low cost."
Grybowski said he couldn't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid. He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a "game changer" in replacing those sources.
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $1 billion to build the wind farm. Another 50 permanent jobs will be created.
The $250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects.
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created. She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry. She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state.
"This is big. This is about as big as it gets," she said.
Deepwater Wind didn't ask for tax credits for the project, called Revolution Wind.
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms, which the states describe as a collaborative effort, will be located south of Martha's Vineyard. The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts' first offshore wind farm.
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023. The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes, or about half the homes in Rhode Island.
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area. Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island, New York.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A new bill is in the works that could help save missing veterans by creating an alert called the "green alert".
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Almost two years since work began at the old post office annex, renovations converting it into the new home for Youngstown's municipal court and health department are coming along.
“We're pushing to get the project wrapped up here in the next month,” said Director of Public Works Chuck Shasho.
Original plans, which included only the court and clerk of courts, had called for a completion by last September. Then the city's health department was added to the project.
Most of the actual construction, which repurposed as much of the building's original marble and woodworking materials as could be used, is finished but there is still more to be done.
“We have furniture deliveries that have to come in still, we have a little electrical relocation to do with First Energy and then, of course, we have to port all the phones over and get the move done,” Shasho said.
The annex first opened in 1932 as a federal building and post office. Many of the walls were little more than metal studs with insulation.
Once the remodeling is finished, the building will undergo a series of inspections and then offices will actually start moving in.
“We still have to maintain service to the public during this operation, so we have the move for the health department will be about five days. The clerk of courts office is a lot of material to move and then we have to port all the [phone] numbers so that people can maintain contact with the respective departments,” Shasho said.
He said the entire project, including furniture and moving expenses, will cost around $9.8 million.
Shasho said the new facility should be open for business by May 1.
The Wichita Falls Police Department is searching for a missing person.
40-year old Corrie Hollingsworth was last seen in the 1300 block of Central Freeway at around 9 p.m. on Sunday, January 28th.
She was wearing a blue Walmart shirt and khaki pants. She is 4'10" and weigh 92 pounds. She has shoulder length brown hair and brown eyes. There is a dimple on her right cheek and a tattoo of an angel on her back. She was last seen driving a 2002 blue four door Chevy Tahoe was TX tag L408288.
If you have any information about where she may be, you are asked to call police.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
GOAL
Andres Iniesta has brought an end to the speculation surrounding his future by signing a new contract at Barcelona.
The 33-year-old was set to become a free agent in the summer of 2018 and uncertainty regarding his long-term presence in Catalunya sparked talk of a possible move elsewhere for a one-club man.
Iniesta did, however, state in late September that “good news” was on the way regarding discussions over fresh terms .
Barcelona have now announced that an agreement has been reached, with a statement on the club's official website reading: “Andres Iniesta signed a lifetime contract with FC Barcelona on Friday, in a deal that will keep him at the club for the rest of his career.
“The Spanish midfielder, who has made 639 appearances for Barça, ranks second on the all-time games played list at the club.
“He has scored 55 goals for the first team, for which he debuted on October 29th, 2002.
“Since 2015 Iniesta has been the team's first captain, and is one of the club's most distinguished symbols.
🔊 Josep Maria Bartomeu: "This is the first time that FC Barcelona has signed a lifelong contract with a footballer" #FCBlive pic.twitter.com/VOuOXtw87d — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) October 6, 2017
“The 33-year-old midfielder joined the club in September 1996, at the age of 12.
“Iniesta and Leo Messi share the record for the most titles in Barça history, with 30.”
That enviable collection of trophies includes eight La Liga titles and four Champions League crowns.
🔊 @andresiniesta8: "This agreement is a renewal but also a show of trust. It makes me very happy that my club has given me this chance" pic.twitter.com/tk13xqMIw0 — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) October 6, 2017
Iniesta has also won the Copa del Rey on five occasions and the Club World Cup three times.
In the colours of Spain, he has tasted two European Championship successes and famously netted the extra-time winner in the 2010 World Cup final against the Netherlands.
He will be hoping that there are more honours to come after committing to see out his playing days at Camp Nou.
Thugs Resuced and Whisk Away Senetor Dino Melaye From Police
There was pandemonium at the popular Area 1 roundabout Abuja when suspected thugs loyal to the embattled Senator Dino Melaye (APC, Kogi West) rescued him and whisked him to safety from the fully armed Special Anti-Robbery Squad. The drama which began at 2.10 pm lasted for about six minutes with the suspected thugs in two […]
The post Thugs Resuced and Whisk Away Senetor Dino Melaye From Police appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Biafra: Why govt has failed to address struggle for Nigeria's breakup – Ben Bruce
Senator representing Bayelsa East, Ben Bruce has said the faulty educational system in Nigeria is why the issue of Biafra agitation cannot be addressed. Bruce, who described the Nigerian educational system as “terrible” opined that the country's information policy “makes no sense” because it neglected the Nigerian civil war. The business mogul lamented that young […]
Biafra: Why govt has failed to address struggle for Nigeria's breakup – Ben Bruce
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - This Aug. 14, 2017 file photo provided by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation shows Charles Manson. Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday, March 17, 2018, following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains. (California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation via AP, File)
Lufthansa LCC subsidiary Eurowings will end its cooperation agreement with Austrian startup LaudaMotion by the end of May, LaudaMotion confirmed to ATW. The move follows the April 11 announcement that German leisure carrier Condor is also ending its cooperation with the startup carrier by the end of the month.
Both announcements come after LaudaMotion founder Niki Lauda agreed to sell a 24.9% stake to Irish LCC Ryanair March 28, with the option of taking the share up to 75% following regulatory approvals. Ryanair is investing close to €100 million ($123 million) into the equity as well as startup support.
LaudaMotion was created using assets acquired from Austrian carrier NIKI, which Lauda also founded. NIKI became a 100% subsidiary of airberlin in 2011, but ceased operations in December after airberlin went into bankruptcy in October. Lufthansa had wanted to acquire NIKI, but was blocked by European competition authorities.
Eurowings MD Oliver Wagner said in an April 11 telephone conference that the LCC will use spare aircraft to make up for capacity loss from the termination of the LaudaMotion cooperation. From June 1, the carrier will have its own operations in Germany, Switzerland and Vienna.
An industry source told ATW that as of June 1, LaudaMotion's fleet will comprise 10 Boeing 737s operated by Ryanair and 11 Airbus A320 family aircraft from LaudaMotion, which had previously planned to have 15 Airbus aircraft available by June 1.
The number of 737s will be partly reduced when more Airbus aircraft from Lufthansa become available.
The original plan was for Ryanair to fly from Berlin with six aircraft for LaudaMotion. Two additional Ryanair 737s will be based in Zurich; the bases for the remaining two aircraft are not known.
Kurt Hofmann hofmann.aviation@netway.at
By KIM CHANDLER
Associated Press
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) - Alabama officials were ordered Wednesday to release information about the state's lethal injection procedure as a federal judge granted news organizations' request to unseal records in the wake of an aborted execution.
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre ruled that the public has a "common law right of access to the sealed records relating to Alabama's lethal injection protocol." However, Bowdre said the state can keep some information secret in the interest of security, such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions.
The judge ordered the state to tell her by June 7 if there is identifying information in any of the records that the court plans to make public.
Alabama for years has released scant details about its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used.
A spokesman for Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said the office is reviewing the order.
The Associated Press, The Montgomery Advertiser and the Alabama Media Group had filed a motion seeking the release of the protocol.
The motion was filed in federal court in a lawsuit brought by death row inmate Doyle Lee Hamm. Alabama halted Hamm's execution in February when the execution team could not connect an intravenous line to Hamm, who had damaged veins because of lymphoma, hepatitis and past drug use.
"It may also help the public to understand how the same scenario might be repeated or avoided under the protocol as it currently stands," Bowdre wrote of the release of the information.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you know anything about Workspot, you know that our mantra is how insanely simple our VDI 2.0 really is. We're obsessed with making our customers successful. Recently, we wrote a blog to illustrate the choice you have between Workspot and legacy VDI solutions. It's akin to the choice between taking an Uber or building your own car when you're going to dinner. The comparison really resonates with a lot of folks.
That blog's response got us thinking about other ways to “show, not tell.” So this week, instead of outlining ways that Workspot is revolutionizing the VDI industry, we decided to highlight a few customer stories – in particular how they got over their VDI deployment angst. After all, it's one thing to blow your own horn. It's something else entirely when your customers do it for you.
Read the entire article here, How 3 Customers Eliminated Their VDI Deployment Angst
via the fine folks at WorkSpot
U.S. Congressman Mac Thornberry (R-Clarendon) released a statement in response to the shooting at the Congressional baseball practice on Wednesday morning:
"My thoughts and prayers are with those that were wounded in this morning's horrible attack. Sally, my staff, and I are all safe.
"Today is a day to thank police officers around the country and hug their loved ones for the sacrifices they make to keep us safe every day. Without the Capitol police officers' bravery this morning the results may have been different. They are heroes."
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in his broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking his leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says his leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating his tendons. He is scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture he sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series. He is expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
Rights watchdog wants state to compensate deported Miguna – The Star, Kenya
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MOSCOW (AP) — The Trump administration has released a list of 114 Russian politicians and 96 "oligarchs" it says are linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin, but it's decided not to issue any extra sanctions for now.
Here is a look at some of the politically connected Russians on the so-called "Putin list":
DMITRY MEDVEDEV
The Russian prime minister since 2012, Medvedev was previously Russian president from 2008 through 2012. That was in a "tandem" arrangement with Putin, who left the presidency to become prime minister, and still wielded considerable power while avoiding presidential term limits.
Medvedev has been accused by Russian opposition activists of large-scale corruption, claims he denies.
Also on the "Putin list" is Medvedev's entire cabinet, including influential Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and Energy Minister Alexander Novak, who oversees the Russian oil and gas industries. Putin's personal spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, makes the list as one of 33 officials from the presidential administration.
ALEXEI MILLER
Miller has been loyal to Putin throughout his 17 years as chief executive of state gas company Gazprom. During that time, Gazprom has often been accused by European political leaders of using energy supplies as a geopolitical weapon. On some occasions, Eastern Europe's gas supply has been cut off due to disputes between Russia and neighboring Ukraine over energy pricing, often seen as proxies for wider political arguments.
There is also a place on the "Putin list" for Igor Sechin, head of state oil company Rosneft — though he's been under U.S. sanctions since 2014 over Russia's role in the Ukraine crisis — plus the CEOs of state-run rail, power and aircraft companies.
ROMAN ABRAMOVICH
Perhaps best known internationally as the owner of Chelsea soccer club in London, billionaire businessman Abramovich made his fortune in oil and aluminum during the chaotic years that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. He's since embraced a glamorous lifestyle, with vast private yachts, art deals and his ownership of Chelsea, which he bought in 2003 and turned into title contenders in England and Europe.
ARAS AGALAROV
The Azerbaijan-born property developer hosted Donald Trump at the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow in 2013, and Trump later featured in a music video made by Agalarov's son, Emin. The elder Agalarov has told the AP that Trump "was thinking of building" a Trump Tower in Moscow, but it didn't work out.
The Agalarovs were mentioned in emails ahead of a meeting between Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and others in June 2016. Ahead of the meeting, Trump Jr. was promised dirt on his father's election rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton. He has since denied such material ever materialized.
MIKHAIL PROKHOROV
The billionaire owner of the NBA's Brooklyn Nets, Prokhorov has at times had an uneasy relationship with the Kremlin. A key investor in metals, Prokhorov ran against Putin in the 2012 Russian presidential election, finishing a distant third. A Russian media outlet he owned was raided by law enforcement in 2016 after publishing articles critical of people close to Putin. Prokhorov sold the company months later.
He has long been involved with sports and was a key figure in the former New Jersey Nets' 2012 move to Brooklyn. Prokhorov also ran Russia's federation for the winter sport of biathlon ahead of the 2014 Olympics, when Russian athletes were accused of being part of a doping program. He has denied any wrongdoing.
DMITRY RYBOLOVLEV
The fertilizer magnate bought a Palm Beach mansion from Trump for around $95 million in 2008, a deal that Trump called in 2016 "the closest I came to Russia" when pressed on his ties to the country. Rybolovlev has a keen interest in soccer as the owner of the Monaco club, a regular in the Champions League.
His lengthy divorce from ex-wife Elena ended with an undisclosed settlement in 2015 after a legal battle in which his former spouse laid claim to billions of dollars in assets. Rybolovlev was also an investor in Alevo, a U.S. battery manufacturer that filed for bankruptcy protection in August.
ALISHER USMANOV
Born in what is now Uzbekistan, Usmanov has interests in metals and mining as well as some of Russia's biggest telecoms and internet businesses. He's also a part-owner of Arsenal soccer club in the English Premier League and president of the International Fencing Federation.
Last year, he won a libel case against Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny over a video regarding Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's alleged secret wealth. Navalny had alleged that Usmanov transferred assets to a charity foundation run by a former classmate of Medvedev. Usmanov insisted it was a bona fide business deal.
Business made easy: Immigration trains 160 officers on ICT
From Chris Anucha, Port Harcourt
Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), said it has trained 160 officers at Anambra State Command on Information and Communication Technology (ICT).
The training was in response to the Presidential Executive Order issued by the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, on the ease of doing business in Nigeria.
According to the Comptroller of Nigeria Immigration Service, Anambra State, King Ekpedeme, the two-day capacity building for the 160 officers was aimed at meeting the timeline given by Osinbajo.
Ekpedeme said there was also a directive from the Comptroller General of Immigration, Muhammad Babandede, for officers to sharpen their ICT skills in order to efficiently and effectively deliver services within the time frame stipulated in the Presidential Order.
The Comptroller, said the training involved data collection, storage and analysis, adding that it would eliminate bureaucratic delays, which he recalled, had been detrimental to prompt action in Immigration operations and service line.
The Comptroller said: “This programme became necessary, after painstaking evaluation of the needs of the command, particularly our urgency to key into the Presidential Order, and consequent directive by the Comptroller General of Immigration that all officers must have the requisite competence to provide the kind of service that meets the growing demand of Nigerians.”
Declaring the capacity building programme open, the representative of the Anambra State government, a Permanent Secretary in the office of the Secretary to the State Government, Mr. Dan Ezeanwu, told the participants that the state government would continue to encourage and support security agencies in their drive to improve on their competences. He said, “such support and collaboration with the state government are what have made Anambra a safe state.”
The Permanent Secretary called on the NIS to sustain the programme and commended the command for its close collaboration with the host state government.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Police say a man has died in a crash between a car and a transport truck on Highway 401 in Toronto.
Ontario Provincial Police say it happened around 5:20 a.m. today at Martin Grove Road.
Paramedics say the one of the drivers, a man believed to be in his 50s, was pronounced dead at the scene.
The westbound lanes of the highway will remain closed in the area as police continue their investigation.
The crash comes as OPP prepare to crack down on distracted driving among truckers.
A safety blitz targeting commercial vehicles is scheduled to start this morning.
(680News)
(Stephen B. Thornton /The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). Crowds gather at a rally opposing Arkansas' upcoming executions, which are set to begin next week, on the front steps of the Capitol Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Stephen B. Thornton /The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). Former Arkansas death row inmate Damien Echols talks with the media before speaking at a rally opposing Arkansas' upcoming executions, which are set to begin next week, on the front steps of ...
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark. Griffen issued ...
By ANDREW DeMILLOAssociated Press
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - A judge who lay on a cot as though he were a condemned man on a gurney after issuing an order halting Arkansas' multiple execution plan was barred Monday from taking up any death penalty-related cases and referred to a disciplinary panel.
The state Supreme Court reassigned the cases from Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen days after he participated in the anti-death penalty demonstration outside the governor's mansion. Griffen's protest has sparked outrage among death penalty supporters, including Republican lawmakers who described it as judicial misconduct and potential grounds for Griffen's removal from the bench.
"To protect the integrity of the judicial system this court has a duty to ensure that all are given a fair and impartial tribunal," the court said in its two-page order. Justices also referred Griffen to the state Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether he violated the code of conduct for judges.
Griffen did not immediately return a message Monday seeking his reaction to the high court's order. He has said he's morally opposed to the death penalty and that his personal beliefs alone shouldn't disqualify him from taking up certain cases. For years, he has been pushing the boundaries of how much a judge can speak out on controversial issues.
"We have never, in my knowledge, been so afraid to admit that people can have personal beliefs yet can follow the law, even when to follow the law means they must place their personal feelings aside," Griffen told The Associated Press on Saturday.
On Friday, Griffen granted a restraining order preventing Arkansas from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of three drugs it uses in executions, because the supplier said the state misleadingly obtained the drug. The state has appealed the ruling, which blocked a plan to execute eight men in 11 days in four double executions, starting Monday night.
The case involving the drug was reassigned to another judge shortly after the Supreme Court issued its order Monday.
Lawmakers have suggested Griffen's actions may be grounds for the Arkansas House to begin impeachment proceedings, saying the demonstration and a blog post Griffen wrote on the death penalty last week may amount to "gross misconduct" under the state constitution.
"He is outside the bounds of normal behavior for most judges probably anywhere in America," Republican state Sen. Jason Rapert said.
The Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission confirmed Monday an investigation of Griffen is pending following the state Supreme Court referral. Griffen, who served 12 years on the state appeals court, previously battled with the judicial discipline panel over remarks he made criticizing President George W. Bush and the war in Iraq. The panel ultimately dropped its case against him.
Griffen testified before the state Legislature in 2015 against a religious objections measure that was criticized as anti-gay, and he regularly blogs about current events in posts that weave in Biblical passages. They include a post days before his ruling that criticized the execution push in Arkansas.
"While the world meditates about divine love, forgiveness, justice, and hope, Arkansas officials plan to commit a series of homicides," he wrote.
Griffen, 64, is a Baptist minister who was first elected as Pulaski County judge in 2010. He ran twice unsuccessfully for state Supreme Court - including a bid for chief justice in 2004. In his other state Supreme Court race in 2006, Griffen challenged his rival to a debate over the free-speech rights of judges.
Griffen said he wouldn't consider a person's participation in an anti-execution event enough, on its own, to warrant disqualifying a juror from a death penalty case. The question, he said, is whether the juror could set his or her personal views aside and follow the law.
"We do not require people to come into court with blank slates, either in their minds or their heart," he said Saturday.
___
Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ademillo
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Here's how to watch Get Shorty, Chris O'Dowd's new series – based on the 1995 film – tackling corruption in Hollywood with a smile
In Get Shorty, Chris O'Dowd plays Miles, a thug attempting to escape his corrupt past by breaking into the film industry. After a logical career move for the ex-crime ring muscle, he finds himself deeper into the world of gangsters than ever before – and the only way out, is through.
Here's everything you need to know about the new series.
Advertisement
What time Get Shorty on TV?
Comedy drama Get Shorty is available on Wednesdays at 9pm on Sky Atlantic.
What is Get Shorty adapted from?
The new series shares the name of Elmore Leonard's novel Get Shorty and follows a similar plot. There's also a film adaptation of the book, released in 1995, starring John Travolta.
What is Get Shorty about?
Get Shorty is about Miles (Chris O'Dowd – playing John Travolta's role), a man hopelessly unable to escape his criminal past. Seeking the approval of his daughter, he leaves Nevada to rid himself of his thuggish ways – but, inevitably, the washed up film producer finds himself involved with gangsters once again.
The series follows Miles as he attempts to get a film made alongside Rick, played by Ray Romano, a Hollywood hustler. Quickly forgetting his desire to do good, Miles breaks laws left, right and centre, using language littered with expletives as he does so.
Who is in Get Shorty?
The series is carried by a whole host of talented actors, big names include: Chris O'Dowd (Miles) and Ray Romano (Rick) whose understated humour carries the show in its ridiculous journey through Hollywood crime.
Known for his role in The IT Crowd, Bridesmaids, Girls and The boat That Rocked, O'Dowd is a well established comedic talent.
Advertisement
Similarly, Romano is famous for appearing in Everybody Loves Raymond, as well as Ice Age and The Big Sick.
REGINA — Saskatchewan's children's advocate says wait times for youth mental-health services in the province are unacceptable.
Corey O'Soup says young people shouldn't have to wait for up to two years to see a psychiatrist.
“The wait times for mental-health services experienced by children in this province are shameful,” O'Soup said.
“Those are the children that end up in our reports. Those are the children that we want to stop from dying.”
O'Soup on Tuesday released his annual report, which outlines some of the work done in the last year and goals for 2018.
The report says 19 children died in the province's care last year, and 47 were critically injured.
Of those cases, two were suicides while 11 young people were injured in suicide attempts. First Nations and Metis youth accounted for 79 per cent of deaths and 65 per cent of the critically injured.
Suicide rates in northern Saskatchewan communities are high. Indigenous boys between 10 and 19 are six times more likely to die from suicide while Indigenous girls of the same age are 26 times more likely to take their own lives.
“The suicide rates aren't going any lower. The 811 number will work for a few kids here and there, but obviously it's not working for everybody, right? So we need to do more,” O'Soup said, referencing the number for the province's health line.
The advocate wants to see the province bring in a mental-health program similar to Alberta, where services are incorporated into schools.
Alberta's model includes mental-health promotion and prevention and attempts to give easier access to supports.
O'Soup said 182 schools, along with 74 additional partner schools, use the approach in Alberta.
He thinks it has the potential to make a big difference in Saskatchewan.
“If we can take that, adapt it, make it Saskatchewan's own, I think that can have a huge impact on the mental health of our students here in Saskatchewan.”
Another focus this year for the advocate is graduation rates for Indigenous children.
The current rate is 43.2 per cent compared with 85.4 per cent for non-Indigenous children.
“I believe this is unacceptable and we must do something about it,” O'Soup said. “And I believe that our office needs to be part of the solution moving forward.”
— Follow @RyanBMcKenna on Twitter.
ST. LOUIS — Mired in a scoring slump, St. Louis forward Vladimir Tarasenko was looking for that lucky bounce.
He found it when the Blues needed it most.
Tarasenko scored with 36 seconds left in overtime, and the short-handed St. Louis Blues beat the Buffalo Sabres 3-2 on Sunday night.
“I think when so many chances and the puck doesn't go in, you just have to play simple and get that lucky bounce,” Tarasenko said. “But I think overall our line is playing better every game. We're getting more chances all the time.”
Brayden Schenn and Paul Stastny also scored, and Joel Edmundson recorded two assists as the Blues topped the Sabres for the 10th time in their last 11 meetings. Jake Allen made 22 saves, improving to 5-1 in six career starts against Buffalo.
Evan Rodrigues, in just his third game this season after coming back from a hand injury, scored both goals for the Sabres, who have lost six of seven. Robin Lehner made 42 saves.
Tarasenko used his speed to get around the Sabres defence and notch his 14th goal of the season. Tarasenko tried to go backhand-forehand, but the puck deflected off Lehner's outstretched stick and into the net before he could finish the move.
“I didn't want him to get a shot off, so I did a poke check and it was a second too early and it went in, but he's a hell of a player with a hell of a shot, so I just wanted to take that away,” Lehner said. “I felt like I had him most of the game and it's tough.”
It was Tarasenko's second goal in his last nine games.
“He will be the first to admit he's missed more nets and hit more posts, but for me the mindset of him taking the puck to the net and scoring in tight, that's big,” Blues coach Mike Yeo said. “If he continues to do that, he won't be stopped.”
The Blues won their fourth straight despite being without second-leading scorer Jaden Schwartz and top defenceman Alex Pietrangelo, taking 58 combined points out of the St. Louis lineup.
Both suffered lower-body injuries in the Blues' 6-1 win at Detroit on Saturday afternoon. Schwartz was placed on injured reserve, but Pietrangelo is day-to-day.
“We rolled our forwards, rolled our D-men and we kind of played that next-man-up mentality, and we have enough depth and we have enough chemistry that we're confident with anyone that's out there,” Stastny said. “So when we're missing two big guys like that we don't use it as an excuse, we just keep playing.”
Schenn scored his 16th goal of the season just 40 seconds into the game to give the Blues a 1-0 lead. It was ninth goal in 18 career games against the Sabres.
Stastny scored his first goal in seven games to make it 2-0 with 3:43 left in the second period. Stastny put home a rebound off a shot by Tarasenko that went wide but caromed off the end boards right to his stick.
Rodrigues scored on a power play early in the third. Rodrigues was left unmarked at the side of the net when an Evander Kane pass deflected off of Sam Reinhart directly to his tape.
Rodrigues tied the game moments after the Sabres pulled Lehner for an extra attacker, putting home a rebound off a slap shot by Marco Scandella with 1:27 left.
“We respected them too much,” Sabres coach Phil Housley said. “That's a good hockey team. That's a very good hockey team, but until we got settled in and got back into the game, I thought our third period was really strong. We've just got to start the game that way.”
NOTES: The Blues recalled C Ivan Barbashev from Chicago (AHL) to take Schwartz's spot. … Sabres C Ryan O'Reilly played in his 600th career game. … The Blues scratched Pietraneglo, R Chris Thorburn and L Sammy Blais. … The Sabres scratched C Jordan Nolan, D Nathan Beaulieu and D Victor Antipin.
UP NEXT
Sabres: Host Ottawa on Tuesday.
Blues: Host Tampa Bay on Tuesday.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Messengers to the 2017 Southern Baptist Convention passed resolutions Tuesday (June 13) repenting of prayerlessness and calling for leaders to practice biblical morality before deciding late at night to vote Wednesday on a previously rejected proposal denouncing the “alt-right.”
The approved resolutions covered some hot-button theological and moral issues, but the proposed resolution on the “alt-right” — a movement that supports white nationalism — gained the most attention.
The Resolutions Committee chose not to report out the proposal to messengers. An effort by the resolution's author to bring the “alt-right” measure to the floor failed in the afternoon session, and a motion by another messenger in the evening session also fell short. Each motion required a two-thirds majority, and the evening vote received only 58 percent approval.
The committee reconvened during the evening, however, and asked the Committee on Order of Business for time Wednesday to present a new “alt-right” resolution, chief parliamentarian Barry McCarty told messengers. The Committee on Order of Business approved, McCarty said. Messengers then approved unanimously or nearly unanimously a vote on the resolution scheduled for 2:45 p.m. Wednesday.
Messengers approved all nine resolutions they received from the committee with unanimous or nearly unanimous votes. In those resolutions, they:
— Confessed as sin any lack of prayer and called on Southern Baptists to commit to at least 15 minutes a day of prayer and regular fasting as they are able, as well as petitions to God to grant revival and the salvation of millions of people.
— Expressed gratitude for leaders who live consistently moral lives, urged all leaders to abide by God's moral standards and pledged prayer for the country's leaders to resist temptation.
— Reaffirmed the doctrine of penal substitutionary atonement — which says Jesus took upon Himself in His death the divine punishment due sinners — “as the burning core of the Gospel message and the only hope of a fallen race.”
— Denounced Planned Parenthood's “immoral agenda and practices,” in addition to urging all government defunding and commending the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission (ERLC) for making federal removal of money for the country's leading abortion provider a priority in its legislative agenda.
— Called for Southern Baptists and other Christians not to participate “in the sin of gambling,” encouraged pastors and convention leaders to continue to teach Southern Baptists about the deceptiveness of gambling and urged government at all levels to halt state-sponsored gambling.
— Urged Southern Baptists to pray for and invest in evangelism and discipleship efforts with college students and strengthen the relationship between parachurch campus ministries and local churches.
— Voiced gratitude to God on the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Reformation for its courageous leaders and urged recommitment to its convictions while advocating for religious liberty for all.
— Offered thanks on the 100th anniversary of the SBC Executive Committee and commended the entity for its promotion of the Cooperative Program, the convention's unified giving plan.
— Expressed gratitude to God, as well as Southern Baptists in the Phoenix area and all others who helped with this year's meeting.
Reporting the resolution on prayer as the first matter for messengers to consider was significant, said Barrett Duke, Resolutions Committee chairman, in a news conference afterward. That resolution included some “very specific language” for Southern Baptists, he said.
When asked by a reporter about the absence of President Trump's name from the resolution on moral leadership, Duke said, “There was no need to single out President Trump or anyone else. We simply believe the resolution stands on its own without bringing particular characters into it.”
Trump's multiple marriages and past actions toward and comments about women were subjects of concern among Southern Baptists and others during the 2016 election, although many Southern Baptist church members voted for him in November.
Regarding the measure on gambling, Duke said “We looked back, and we noticed that we never in the past have actually labeled gambling as a sin in that kind of explicit way.”
ERLC president Russell Moore described the resolution on penal substitutionary atonement as “very well worded, reflecting the viewpoint of the Baptist Faith & Message [the SBC's statement of faith] and in a context where penal substitutionary atonement has been the subject of a hot debate in recent years.”
He told reporters it was a “very appropriate word for this convention to speak to the fact that we believe, as the book of Romans teaches, that God is both just and the justifier of the one who has faith in Jesus through the atoning sacrifice of Christ.”
After the approval of all nine resolutions, Texas pastor Dwight McKissic moved to bring his proposal on the “alt-right” to messengers. McKissic, pastor of Cornerstone Baptist Church in Arlington, asked that the SBC “would go on record to abate darkness that's invading our nation right now.” Many “alt-right” members claim to be Southern Baptists, he said.
McKissic's motion failed to receive the two-thirds majority required, however.
In explaining why the committee did not report out McKissic's resolution, Duke told reporters afterward the panel spent a number of hours considering the proposal “before we finally said we just didn't see a way that we could speak to the multiple issues that were raised in that resolution in a way that we felt would be constructive.”
Duke said the committee agreed with the resolution's point on racism, but thought it and other “elements [in the proposal] already had been addressed recently” in Southern Baptist life.
The committee also chose not to act on resolutions submitted regarding Genesis, pro-life support, unity in the SBC and country, collaboration on ministry to refugees, praying for the peace of Jerusalem and encouragement of trustee representation.
Duke is a member of Emmanuel Baptist Church in Billings, Mont., and executive director of the Montana Southern Baptist Convention.
The other committee members, in alphabetical order, are: Ken Alford, pastor, Crossroads Baptist Church, Valdosta, Ga.; Felix Cabrera, pastor, Iglesia Bautista Central, Oklahoma City, a mission of Oklahoma City's Quail Springs Baptist Church, and co-founder of the Hispanic Baptist Pastors Alliance; Linda Cooper, member, Forest Park Baptist Church, Bowling Green, Ky., and national president of Woman's Missionary Union; Jason Duesing, member, Antioch Bible Baptist Church, Gladstone, Mo., and provost and associate professor of historical theology at Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Kansas City; David Leavell, pastor, First Baptist Church, Millington, Tenn.; Matthew McKellar, member, First Baptist Church, Dallas, and associate professor of preaching at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Fort Worth, Texas; Jeffrey Riley, member, Edgewater Baptist Church, New Orleans, and professor of ethics at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, New Orleans; Rolland Slade, pastor, Meridian Southern Baptist Church, El Cajon, Calif.; and James Smith, member, Covenant Community Church, Fredericksburg, Va., and vice president of communications of the National Religious Broadcasters, Washington, D.C.
— Tom Strode is Washington bureau chief for Baptist Press, the Southern Baptist Convention's news service.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Police in Ohio's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force.
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board's findings about the conduct of officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones last July .
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically, then fired when his behaviour escalated into a perceived threat. Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in his waistband.
His sister has said she thinks Jones was trying to toss the gun.
The officers weren't charged but face a lawsuit alleging the shooting was unjustified and they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened.
The local police union has denied those allegations.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2012, file photo, Mark Kelly leans on the shoulder of his wife, U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, at a memorial vigil remembering the victims and survivors of the shooting that wounded Giffords, and...
(AP Photo/Matt York, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2011, file photo, emergency personnel work at the scene where Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz., and others were shot outside a Safeway grocery store in Tucson, Ariz. Survivors of the mass shooting at a con...
(AP Photo/James Palka, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2011, file photo, emergency personnel attend to a shooting victim outside a shopping center in Tucson, Ariz., where U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Ariz., and others were shot as the congresswoman wa...
(AP Photo/Matt York, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2012, file photo, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, left, leads the Pledge of Allegiance accompanied by her husband, former astronaut Mark Kelly, at the start of a memorial vigil remembering the victims and sur...
(AP Photo/Chris Morrison, File). FILE - In this Saturday, Jan. 8, 2011, file photo, Vera Rapcsak, foreground, and others hold up signs outside the office of U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz. in Tucson, Ariz., after Giffords and others were shot outside...
By ASTRID GALVANAssociated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - When Ron Barber saw the news that a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a baseball game, he immediately was taken back to when he was yelling his wife's name and phone number while lying on a gurney. Pam Simon remembers lying on the ground unable to move after the bullet went through her wrist into her chest.
The attack Wednesday in Virginia that left Rep. Steve Scalise in critical condition brought back painful memories for survivors of another shooting six years ago involving a member of Congress, former Rep. Gabby Giffords, who was shot in Tucson, Arizona.
"It obviously floods back all the memories from Jan. 8," Simon said. "It really brings it back. You have PTSD symptoms that kind of flare up in things like this."
Giffords was holding a constituent event outside a grocery store in 2011 when gunman Jared Loughner opened fire, killing six people, including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl, and shooting Giffords in the head, severely wounding her.
Wednesday's shooting happened in a similarly public place - a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia. Scalise and other Republican lawmakers were practicing for a charity game when James T. Hodgkinson started shooting and chaos erupted.
Hodgkinson, who had a long history of lashing out at Republicans, was shot and killed by police. Loughner, who is serving life in prison, had posted several online ramblings about politics before he shot Giffords, a Democrat, although in the end no clear motive emerged.
Barber, who took over Giffords' seat in Congress before narrowly losing a re-election bid in 2014, said Wednesday's shooting was a reminder of how low political discourse has fallen.
"The vitriol, the harsh rhetoric, the personal attacks, they have escalated to a point where I hardly recognize our political process anymore. We have to stop this," Barber said.
For others, it prompted strong feelings about keeping weapons out of the hands of the wrong people.
"This isn't a political issue nor was the one in Tucson," said Ken Dorushka, who was shot as he shielded his wife from Loughner. "Anybody who would willingly take a gun and shoot somebody is unstable regardless of their political bent."
Giffords, who now advocates for tighter gun laws through her political action committee she founded with her husband, Mark Kelly, said she was heartbroken.
"This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy," Giffords said in a written statement Wednesday. "May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best. Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger."
Six years ago, Sen. Jeff Flake had rushed from Phoenix to the hospital in Tucson when he heard Giffords was shot. On Wednesday, the Arizona Republican was at the baseball practice and tended to Scalise.
Flake said during an interview with CBS "This Morning" that he reached out to Giffords and Kelly.
"Those of us in Arizona remember well that situation a few years ago. So, I sure hope that this (brings) more unity, we need it around here," Flake said.
Simon said days like Wednesday don't feel normal because she gets a lot of calls from friends and reporters. She said she works through the difficult memories by getting together with loved ones and speaking about being positive and encouraging other survivors.
"The physical wounds fade but clearly the emotional ones are there. I have to disagree with the president when he made the statement that the congressman will have a complete recovery. No one who's been shot ever recovers emotionally," she said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Uniyal: Consumers Will Get More Value if Manufacturing Challenges are Surmounted
Managing Director, Euro Global Foods and Distilleries Limited, Mr. Manish Uniyal speaks on the nation's economy and the efforts being made by his company to add more value to consumers' demand. Raheem Akingbolu brings the excerpts:
What is your assessment of the first quarter performance of the Nigerian Economy vis-à-vis the economic recession; would you say progress has been made?
The Nigerian economy, which was severely hit in 2016 by the drop in the crude oil price and crude oil production, is beginning to show some signs of positive outlook and recovery. The economy, which officially entered into a recession in Q2 2016 following the release of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) figures showing two consecutive quarters of GDP contraction, is showing strong signs of recovery.
The recovery seems to be coming on the back of the recent increase in crude oil price, the increase in crude oil production in Nigeria and the Central Bank of Nigeria's (CBN) continued supply of foreign exchange to both retail and corporate users. The Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) report of the CBN shows that both the Composite PMI and the Production level in the manufacturing sector improved in March 2017.
Although the Composite PMI in March 2017 at 47.7 points was below the 50 point level (which suggests a decline in activities), it was an improvement from the month of February 2017 figure of 44.6 points.
The Index for the production level in the manufacturing sector at 50.8 points is however higher than the 50 point level (which suggests an improvement).
The monthly rates of increase in both the Composite PMI and the Production level were the second highest in two years and the highest since January 2017.
Analysts' consensus is that the inflation rate will continue to trend downward in 2017. This means that the purchasing power of Nigerians should improve and stimulate demand for both consumer and industrial goods.
The country recorded its highest level of external reserves in 16 months, US$30.30billion, on March 31, 2017.
The average external reserves in the month of March 2017 stood at US$30.2billion. The increase in the crude oil price in the international market and the increase in crude oil production in Nigeria contributed to the accretion in the external reserves.
On account of the increase in external reserves, the CBN has been able to maintain an improved supply of foreign exchange through authorised dealers (the banks) to end-users.
The expectation is that the current improvement in the macroeconomic environment and the efforts of various stakeholders to promote made-in-Nigeria goods should stimulate economic activity in the short to medium-term.
In the midst of these hurdles, what would you say are some of the key challenges confronting the manufacturing sector?
Key players in the industry had expected to see an improvement in the manufacturing sector, but that hope was dashed as economic indices showed that not much improvement was recorded in the real sector of the economy. Expectedly, major economic challenges in the sector were yet to improve despite positive steps taken by the Federal Government and its economic team to reposition the industry.
Apart from the forex challenge, the manufacturing sector also faced high lending rate, high cost of power generation and declining household consumption, which resulted in real income depletion due to surge in aggregate price index.
Beside major challenges, the sector also faced with lack of properly-trained workers. A factory is only as good as the people that run the factory. There is a lack of properly trained employees that have the management skills to manage a team and technical skills to operate machinery and build products with their hands.
Of course, there are also infrastructural issues. I can't talk about the issues facing all businesses in this region without talking about infrastructural challenges. The main issue that hinders manufacturers is the access to uninterrupted power supply.
The World Bank and International Monetary Fund have predicted that Nigeria economy will recover from recession and grow by 1.7 percent, are there indications you can point to support that claim?
In our perspective and with the numbers that we have seen coming from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Nigeria's economy has recorded about one per cent real growth. “That is a bit lower than government's expectation which is about 2.2 per cent growth for 2017
Like they say in all problems there are opportunities, so what are the opportunities for growth in this moment for manufacturers like you?
Yes there are genuine opportunities as Government has embarked on an economic recovery plan and slowly shifted emphasis towards made in Nigeria. Difficulties in availability of dollars has also made importation difficult for some of the FMCG goods and hence local production is gaining momentum though this is sometimes scuttled due to lack of technical know and capability gaps.
For us the difficulties in importation has started providing business opportunities in some of the markets and product segments
It seems like Euroglobal has done pretty well despite the challenges, we have seen expansion in some of your operations, especially in the food, beverage and even the agro allied segments, so what can you say have been your strategy for growth?
Our strategy for growth is very simple. One, market expansion into untapped territories in Nigeria, we have restructured and expanded our sales team by continuous recruitment drive to cover new areas. Again, we have consistently worked on product expansion and innovation. We launched four products last year and plan to launch three new this year. We also leverage on the surplus capacities we have and workout more and more on local components. Then we take synergy from the backward integration with our group companies. Our lean structure enables us to move with alacrity and adapt changing business environment. The board of directors and top management is proactive in providing support enabling us to move fast.
How have you been able to position your company to key into the post-recession possibilities, by taking advantage of the growth opportunities likely to present itself?
If you see many companies and some in similar sector and in competition to us have had to do downsize or shut down their operation during last year's recession. They were forced to downsize their workforce in order to control cost and navigate through tough environment,
We have had no such issues as we have always been following a principle of lean structure and efficient processes to run our business. On the contrary we have been expanding into new areas and were on a recruitment drive even last year. We are quite confident as the effect of downsizing will be not there and we are nicely positioned to take early advantage of expected economic recovery
What are the ways by which you have been able to engage your customers, especially in this challenging period of rising inflation and declining disposable income?
Most of the inflation in Nigeria is due to cost push in view devaluation of Naira and over dependency on Imports. We had embarked on the philosophy of maximizing local content in our products and passing on the cost advantage to our customers. If you see our price increase has been quite less in comparison to competition. We have also leveraged on the synergy we have with back ward integration. Most of our group companies supply us Raw and packing material to the extent that our imports are now barely 15 to 20 % for the raw material
Secondly we have come out with innovative products and unique packaging. This has provided value for money proposition for customers. Take for example we were unique in introduction of Golden Choco in slim can in Malt drink category. One of our flagship brands; Power bitters has unique blend and packaging, which cannot be compared to any other brand.
Euro monitor has said that Nigeria is the 4th largest soft drink market in the world, and Euroglobal is a frontline player in that category, with a number of premium brands, what are your strategies for remaining competitive and improving on your market share?
Our strategy to remain competitive works around 3 key principles
First maximise local content and leverage on the back ward integration with our group companies for our Raw and Packing material requirement. This will counterbalance some of the negative effects of severe cost push due to Naira devaluation. Second is work on a thin and lean/efficient organisational structure. We have one of the most efficient and lean structures greatly reducing overheads. Third is to expand into new untapped territories in Nigeria by expanding workforce wherever required
Your biscuit arm has also been very innovative and competitive, especially in recent times, are there plans to ensure sustainable growth and profitability?
Yes they have been doing exceptionally well and they have been adding new products in their portfolio. They have forayed into wafers and thin crackers and quality of these is exceptionally good. They are also leveraging on the benefits of back ward integration and depend on group companies for their raw material/packing material needs
Are we likely to see a new line of product any time soon from Euroglobal to tap into the enormous opportunities in the food and beverage segment?
Like I mentioned above we are extensively working on three new products and these are going to be rolled out soon .
No doubt consumers love your product, but the challenges have always been availability. Some of them want the company to do better in the area of distribution. What is your take on that and are there plans to improve distribution?
Yes this has been one area we are investing a lot of time and energy to improve. As mentioned earlier we have been on a recruitment spree to increase our footprint in untapped areas and spread to new territories that were created last year and further have been created this year. Further we have restructured our entire sales vertical with creation of key focus area so that market penetration in existing area improves. Also in order to improve visibility of brands we have now formed a separate vertical for marketing function as earlier sales and marketing were intertwined into one.
What are your growth projection plans?
We have had an average CAGR 35 % in last two years. We believe we can grow much faster than that in 2017 and the same has been put into the targets of the team.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dashcam shows truck narrowly miss children in Norway
Emerging from behind the bus, a Norwegian schoolboy ran straight into the path of an oncoming truck that slammed on the brakes and missed him by inches.
To mark the completion of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government's one year in office, a huge function was organised at the Lok Bhavan. CM Yogi also launched an anti-corruption portal where people can post the pictures and videos as a proof of corruption. CM Yogi Adityanath also thrashed Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) for designing faulty policies that have initiated outrage among communities
Citing an example of Lord Hanuman from Ramayana, who burnt the Ravan's Lanka, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Monday claimed that he would too burn the Lanka of corruption in the state. To mark the completion of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government's one year in office, a huge function was organised at the Lok Bhavan. CM Yogi also launched an anti-corruption portal where people can post the pictures and videos as a proof of corruption. The anti-corruption portal was launched saying ‘drive against corrupt officers will continue'. During his address, CM Yogi Adityanath also thrashed Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) for designing faulty policies that have initiated outrage among communities.
While giving an indirect reply to the tweet posted by SP MLC Anand Bhadauria, Yogi said that some people are afraid of monkeys and he wants to warn all those people that there is a monkey here who will burn down the entire corrupt sytem. “Kuch logon ko bandaron se bahut darr lagta hai… main batana chahta hoon ki yahan bhi ek bandar hai jo bhrasht tantra ko jala kar nasht kar dega,” Yogi said. To take a jibe at the BJP government, SP MLC has posted a satirical comment around a joke on social media. During his address, Yogi revealed that in the past year BJP government in UP had identified 400 corrupt officials and have given compulsory retirement to many of them.
ALSO READ: Mayawati's advice to BJP: Do self-introspection of failures rather than celebrating UP govt's 1 year in power
He also said that a year is not enough to assess the BJP's performance in the state. He slammed the BSP and SP for their policies which have promoted corruption and nepotism in the state. He further added that these parties are largely driven by their caste and communal agenda. Governor Ram Naik, deputy CMs, ministers, BJP MLAs, MPs and other party delegates were present during the function. The chief minister made a series of announcements, which includes the recruitment of nearly 4 lakh government employees. He claimed that 75% of nearly 12 lakh students, who dropped out of UP Secondary Board examinations, were not from the state. “There were all ‘Munnabhais' from other states,” he said.
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE TO READ: Fodder scam: CBI court convicts Lalu Prasad Yadav, acquits Jagannath Mishra in fourth case
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Feed Amino Acids Sales Market by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 – The Financial
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CALGARY — A major arterial highway in Calgary has been completely closed to traffic due to poor driving conditions that have led to multiple collisions.
Police say they closed Deerfoot Trail in both directions from McKnight Boulevard in the city's north to Anderson Road in the south.
Duty Insp. Jim Shaw says in a news release that the day has been busy for police and emergency services as they try to keep up with collisions across the city.
Police are asking people to find alternate routes to Deerfoot Trail or avoid travel if possible.
Environment Canada's forecast for Calgary on Saturday called for five to 10 centimetres of snow, along with winds gusting to 40 kilometres per hour.
Police in Edmonton also reported many collisions on Saturday, following snow that fell Friday and continued through the night.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Healogics, the nation's largest provider of advanced chronic wound care services, today announced that it has appointed Allan Woodward to serve as Chief Financial Officer. In this role, Woodward will be responsible for the planning and oversight of the financial strategy for the company, the ongoing development of appropriate control systems and all reporting measures. Woodward will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer, David Bassin.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006045/en/
Allan Woodward, Chief Financial Officer at Healogics, Inc. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Allan's extensive experience in financial leadership roles, combined with his knowledge of the healthcare industry makes him an invaluable asset to our team. We are thrilled to welcome him as our new CFO,” said Bassin.
Over the course of his career, Allan has held several financial leadership roles in healthcare-based organizations. His most recent experience includes his service at eviCore Healthcare as the Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy over the post-acute care and consumer engagement programs. He was responsible for all financial activities of the business unit, including the creation of financial structures for all product expansions and the development of alternative provider reimbursement initiatives.
Woodward earned his MBA from the University of Missouri and his Bachelor of Science from Middle Tennessee State University.
About Healogics
Headquartered in Jacksonville, Fla., Healogics and its affiliated companies manage a network of 700 outpatient Wound Care Centers® across the United States and multiple locations in the United Kingdom. Healogics currently has more than 3,000 employees, including nearly 300 employed providers (Healogics Specialty Providers). In addition to the company's network of outpatient Wound Care Centers, Healogics providers partner with over 400 skilled nursing facilities to care for patients with chronic wounds. More than 300,000 patients were treated by Healogics providers in 2017. For additional information, please visit Healogics.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006045/en/
CONTACT: Healogics, Inc.
Leslie Niblock, 904-524-2695
Director, Corporate Communications
Leslie.Niblock@healogics.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FLORIDA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: SENIORS WOMEN EDUCATION UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HEALTH MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMUNICATIONS RESEARCH OTHER SCIENCE OTHER COMMUNICATIONS CONSUMER FAMILY SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH MEN
SOURCE: Healogics, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 12:03 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 12:03 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006045/en
NEW YORK (AP) — Iran's foreign minister tells AP that Iran will 'most likely' abandon nuclear deal if Trump pulls US out.
VANCOUVER — Yanni Gourde's second-period goal stood as the winner as the Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Canucks 4-2 on Saturday night in Vancouver.
Chris Kunitz, Victor Hedman and Cory Conacher also scored for Eastern Conference-leading Tampa Bay (36-13-3), which has won five of its last six games, including a 7-4 decision against Calgary on Thursday. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 31 saves.
Thomas Vanek and Brock Boeser scored for the Canucks (21-25-6), who were looking for their third straight win at home for the first time this season. Jacob Markstrom stopped 24 shots.
Tampa had 1-0 lead before the game was two minutes in. Defenceman Anton Stralman wristed a shot from the blue line that Kunitz deftly tipped in on the Lightning's first shot.
Markstrom looked sharp when he made a nice glove save on a Nikita Kucherov from within the slot, but the Lightning lead 2-0 just over five minutes in. A Sven Baertschi turnover along the boards in the Canucks' zone lead to Steven Stamkos finding Hedman, who blasted it through Markstrom's legs.
The Canucks pressed in the second with several quality chances on Vasilevskiy. Baertschi, standing in front of the goalie, took a whack at a rebound and Loui Eriksson had a golden chance at the side of the net, only to have his stick impeded by Hedman.
However, Tampa made it 3-0 with four minutes left in the second when Gourde one-timed a cross-ice pass from Mikhail Sergachev that went top-shelf on Markstrom.
Vasilevskiy made several quality saves, including two on Boeser, to open the third with the Canucks on a two-man advantage for 1:50. He also shut the door on Troy Stecher and Henrik Sedin, who both took dangerous-looking shots from inside the slot.
The Canucks finally got to Vasilevskiy exactly midway through the third with a Vanek wraparound off a pass from Stecher.
With just over five minutes left to play Vancouver made it 3-2. Brandon Sutter passed the puck to Boeser, who skated over the blue line and ripped a shot through Vasilevskiy's legs as the crowd erupted.
The cheers didn't last long. Conacher took a high stick to the face from Chris Tanev while on a breakaway and converted his resulting penalty shot. Tampa went on a power play and controlled play for the remainder of the game.
Notes: The Canucks were without Sam Gagner (upper-body) after the centre suffered an injury in Vancouver's previous game. â¦ Lightning defenceman Dan Girardi (lower body) missed his second straight game. â¦ Saturday marked Henrik Sedin's 1,300 NHL game.
LONDON — Lady Gaga has cancelled 10 concerts in Europe because of severe pain, the tour's promoter said Saturday.
Live Nation said the musician is “suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live.”
In a statement posted on social media, Lady Gaga said she was “devastated” to disappoint her fans. She said her medical team “is supporting the decision for me to recover at home.”
The singer had been due to play Sunday and Thursday at London's O2 Arena as part of her Joanne World Tour. The other cancelled concerts were in Manchester; Zurich; Cologne, Germany; Stockholm; Copenhagen, Denmark; Berlin and two shows in Paris.
Lady Gaga previously postponed her European shows in September after being hospitalized in Rio de Janeiro suffering from “severe physical pain.”
In her statement, Gaga apologized to fans in Europe and Rio, saying “I love you, but this is beyond my control.”
She resumed the tour in North America in November and in January played several dates in Europe.
The 31-year old singer-songwriter, whose real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, has spoken about suffering from fibromyalgia, a chronic pain condition.
Lady Gaga has been open about her physical and mental health struggles, saying in September she has been “searching for years to get to the bottom of them.”
——
A previous version of this story incorrectly said Lady Gaga had newly cancelled a show in Rio; that show was already cancelled in September.
Harmony Union School in Occidental is on a voluntary lockdown after threatening graffiti was found in a bathroom, officials said.All students are safe, according to officials.There are two schools on the campus; one is kindergarten through first grade and the other is second through eighth grade.Sheriff's officials say the school will be in contact with parents.
Letters to the Editor
January 26 will never be accepted
IT WAS interesting to read the recent comments in The Gympie Times regarding the controversy surrounding the celebration of our national day on the date of the arrival of the First Fleet at Sydney Cove.
I approached with some optimism From the Mayor's Desk (Wedmesday, January 24) headed Australia Day debate overlooks real issues.
(Ironically, on the same page was a letter by a "peaceful” Lucie Ritchie castigating the council for not only overlooking the real issues, but for overlooking its constituents.)
Anyway, it turned out my optimism was unfounded because the "real issues” that the Mayor listed were the "motherhood” topics: "...public health, road safety, education,the rising costs of living, unemployment, immigration..” which, with the possible exception of immigration (ie white man's) had nothing to do with the debate which he affected to address.
The real issue with January 26 is that it is inevitably divisive.
For the descendants of the original inhabitants it marks the beginning of their dispossession and oppression by Anglo-Saxon invaders. And it will never be anything else.
(It was not until 1965 that all indigenous Australians had equal voting rights with white citizens.) If we are a truly united nation (as we so often proudly proclaim) we must recognise and accommodate our history.
On Tuesday, January 30, with Australia Day behind us once again, there were two more letters on the issue.
Julia Lawrence, OAM, under the heading Focus on the positive gave a warm endorsement to another successful Gympie Australia Day.
It included her recollection of a happy boat trip on the Maroochydore River when two young Aboriginal men "gave a commentary on the past and present history of the area as we went down the river”.
The letter, despite its good intentions, revealed more about our historically ingrained perceptions of , and attitudes to, Aboriginal people than it did about what is at the heart of the debate.
The other letter, by Dave Freeman, appeared under the common-sense heading Find a date nobody objects to.
Mr Freeman is clearly in favour of celebrating Australia Day, but he recognises the problem with the date.
He confronts the issue that is causing the annual debate and, not having heard a convincing argument for keeping the present date, proposes a process of managed and chance (using lotto balls) selection to replace it.
Certain months or parts thereof would not be included for logical reasons.
But I cannot understand why he would leave January 26 in the lottery. The whole idea is surely to change the date.
And it is nonsense to suggest that, if January 26 did come up, ..”those who protest that date need to just shut up.”
January 26 will never be accepted as a day for celebration.
I believe the majority of Australians can understand that and, in a true spirit of reconciliation, would be happy to celebrate our national day on another date.
Merv Welch,
The Palms
Joachim Low praised his players for a job well done after Germany clinched a place at next year's World Cup with a commanding 3-1 victory over Northern Ireland.
The reigning world champions secured a ninth straight win in qualifying on Thursday to guarantee they will finish top of Group C and play at the showpiece tournament for the 19th time in their history.
Bayern Munich midfielder Sebastian Rudy gave Germany a superb start with a long-range strike inside two minutes before former Hoffenheim team-mate Sandro Wagner added a second goal in the 21st minute.
Joshua Kimmich volleyed in a third in the closing minutes and although Northern Ireland found the net in injury time through Josh Magennis, Low refused to let conceding at the death dampen his mood.
"​I am satisfied," Low told reporters afterwards in Belfast.
"We doubled the lead very quickly. In the Czech Republic we took the lead early too but then lost control. That did not happen today.
"We felt on the pitch that we had everything under control in the second half. That's when we slowed down a little bit."
Rudy's stunning opener was crucial against a Northern Ireland side who had not conceded a goal in qualifying since losing the reverse fixture 2-0 in Hannover last October.
The 27-year-old's effort – his first in international football – put Germany on their way to Russia - and now they can focus on retaining the World Cup.
"The goal was extremely important. We dominated the match the whole time," Rudy said.
"We're going to Russia to win something. We want to defend the title."
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Discussions are underway in Samoa to launch a new television station in time for the introduction of digital broadcasting in 2019.
Minister of Broadcasting, Afamasaga Rico Tupa'i, said a new station would help in development including education.
The Samoa government started the first television station in the early 1990s which was run as a commercial enterprise and sold a few years ago.
There are currently 4 television stations operating in Samoa, including two runs by churches.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Neutrino: Deploying to Netlify
Neutrino is my preferred tool to kickstart a React app and Netlify is my preferred SPA deployment service.
Netlify makes it very easy to deploy your static sites, however, it needs some initial configuration.
You won't find Neutrino as one of the tools listed in their docs, thus, adding some docs in here. We'll see if my instructions are right and maybe ask them to include them in their docs.
When you create a new site you will connect your repository and you will be asked to fill in the following:
Branch to deploy: master // Selected by default
// Selected by default Build command: yarn build
Publish directory: build // Neutrino's default
NOTE: I prefer yarn over npm .
In few minutes your site will be up and running. You won't need to do anything else.
Ghana will host the first-ever Block Chain Conference, themed “Block chain technology for development, on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at the Golden Tulip.
Blockchain, the digital distributed ledger technology for recording ordered set of crypto-currency transactions securely including Bitcoin, Etherum etc, has generated a lot of interest in the business sphere.
The advent of Blockchain / Crypto Currencies has undoubtedly changed the paradigm of business transactions worldwide and Ghana is no exception as a number of Ghanaians are signing on to different Blockchain platforms.
“It is critical therefore to ascertain whether or not we are well informed about this technology that is taking the world by storm; do we have the requisite policy, legal and regulatory frameworks to embrace the Blockchain technologies, and most importantly how well equipped in terms of capacity are our regulatory institutions of this emerging sector?,” said Organizing Committee Chair of the conference, Madam N. Dotse.
In an interview with the media, she rhetorically quizzed them on how prepared Ghanaians were to absorb the potential displacement on trust intermediary entities such as registries, trusts, banks and others.
“What can we do to make this better; And last but not the least, how does Ghana position herself to benefit on this emerging trend?,” she added.
It is against this backdrop that Blockchain Network will hold the maiden edition of Blockchain Conference to seek answers and also engage Blockchain community inspired by a wide array of potential applications from Finance & Banking Institutions, Insurance, Academia, Shipping & Logistics, Medical, Documentation etc in this one day conference.
The conference brings together Blockchain community, policymakers, and technology leaders to intensify our understanding of this new trend that is shaping global business
The conference will be preceded by two days Blockchain Training Workshop with Resource persons from global as well as the local community.
The total event will include: a two -day Bitcoin &Ethereum Technologies Workshop & Hackathon (pre-conference Workshop), training in technologies & applications, policy and regulations, financial inclusion as well as other crucial issues
The Blockchain Conference is aimed at: creating awareness and network with peers, create a good policy environment for Blockchain technology to flourish, knowing the policy issues, meeting stakeholders and share best practices, having first-hand demos on some of the tools and hearing from the experts. Interested participants have been advised to visit the official conference site visit: http://ghanablockchainconference.org/blockchainconference/ , for more information.
Blockchain Network is a Non-Profit organization established as a forum for Blockchain community engagements, networking & sharing of best practices.
Jury selection is underway for the man accused of murdering a man in a parking lot located off College Drive.
According to the East Baton Rouge Parish District Attorney's Office, the second-degree murder trial for Glenn Spears, 29, is underway in the 19th Judicial District Court. The case is being heard in Judge Bonnie Jackson's courtroom.
Spears is one of three who were arrested for the shooting death of George Reusch Jr., 27. The incident happened on December 21, a little before 7:30 p.m.
According to investigators with the Baton Rouge Police Department, Glenn Spears, Gabrielle Rogers and D'Mon Spears, met up with Reusch for a drug deal. Reusch was shot during the exchange. He died on the way to the hospital.
Rogers, 26, and D'Mon Spears, 24, are charged with principal to second-degree murder.
Rogers has also been charged with contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile because according to investigators, Rogers had her 5-year-old son in car while driving the suspects around before and after the shooting.
D'Mon Spears is currently out on bond. He was scheduled to appear in court Monday morning for a status hearing.
Rogers was also released on bond and was schedule to appear in court Monday morning for a status hearing.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Declan Donnelly is going solo again for BGT's semi-finals and final
Over the past seven weeks, viewers have seen both Ant and Dec presenting the Britain's Got Talent auditions together.
Advertisement
But when the show goes live for its week of semi-finals and next Sunday's grand final, Declan Donnelly will be hosting all of the broadcasts by himself.
This was announced by ITV back in April, and it was only earlier this month that the presenting duo were snapped together for the first time since Ant's arrest and subsequent conviction for drink driving in March.
Britain's Got Talent began airing its audition rounds on 14th April, all of which were recorded before Ant's arrest and featured both presenters.
Dec previously went solo in March when he hosted the final two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway without Ant.
In a statement released in March, a spokesperson for McPartlin said: “Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments.
“He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future.”
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent's live semi-finals air Monday 28th May to Friday 1st June from 7:30pm. The live final airs Sunday 3rd June – also at 7:30pm.
CLEVELAND — Lavone Holland II scored 21 points and Drew McDonald scored 19 and Northern Kentucky beat Cleveland State convincingly 78-61 on Saturday.
Northern Kentucky (17-7, 10-2 Horizon League) raced to a 10-3 lead, the Roadrunners closed to a point with Kenny Carpenter's back-to-back layup and jump shot, but Mason Faulkner responded with a layup and Tyler Sharpe made consecutive 3-pointers and the Norse's lead went to 18-9. McDonald made back-to-back jumpers and Faulkner added another 3 and the lead was 14. Faulkner made all five of his 3s and scored all 14 of his points before intermission.
The Norse led 40-26 at the break before Cleveland State (6-19, 3-9) used an 8-4 spurt to close to 53-42 before McDonald's layup and jumper extended Northern Kentucky's lead to double digits for good. Tyler Sharpe added 12 points and the Norse shot 30 of 55 (54.5) from the field and 11 of 19 (58) from 3.
Carpenter and Tyree Appleby each scored 13 and Kasheem Thomas, 11 for the Vikings.
Have a Valentine's Day drive at your church or school to collect hygiene items for people in need. #Do1Thing
MOSCOW (AP) - The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended his funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in his annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, he said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” she said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Disasters and Accidents
BOSTON — Ky Bowman finished with 30 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists to help Boston College beat top-ranked Duke 89-84 on Saturday and send the Blue Devils to their first loss of the season.
Jordan Chatman scored 22 for BC (7-3, 1-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), hitting four straight free throws in the final 16 seconds. The Eagles have won their last three games against the No. 1 team in The Associated Press Top 25.
Gary Trent Jr. scored 25 for Duke (11-1, 0-1 ACC).
Duke erased a 10-point deficit in the second half and led 79-75 with 3:30 to play. But Boston College scored 12 of the next 14 points, getting a pair of 3-pointers from Robinson. Duke's Trevon Duvall drove to the basket to make it 83-81 with 31 seconds left, but then he was called for an intentional foul on Chatman as BC tried to dribble out the clock.
Chatman made both foul shots, and then with BC retaining possession he was fouled again and made two more.
——
No. 3 Michigan State 88, Southern Utah 64
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Miles Bridges, Nick Ward and Jaren Jackson each scored 17 points for Michigan State.
The Spartans (9-1) have won eight straight by double digits since losing to top-ranked Duke.
The Thunderbirds (5-4) had won three straight. They kept it relatively close at the Breslin Center for a while, trailing by just five points midway through the second half.
——
No. 5 Florida 66, No. 17 Cincinnati 60
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Chris Chiozza scored the final six points of the game and Florida snapped a three-game losing streak in the second game of the Never Forget Tribute Classic at the Prudential Center.
Chiozza put the Gators (6-3) ahead 62-60 with a drive across the lane with 1:12 to play.
The senior guard added two free throws with 20.1 seconds to go and he closed out the scoring with a fastbreak layup after a turnover by Cincinnati (7-2), which lost its second straight game.
Egor Koulechov had 21 points to lead Florida.
Backup guard Cane Broome had 15 points to lead Cincinnati.
——
No. 6 Wichita State 78, Oklahoma State 66
STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Landry Shamet scored a career-high 30 points for Wichita State.
Conner Frankamp scored 14 points and Darral Willis, Jr. added 12 for the Shockers (8-1), who made 12 of 26 3-point attempts and outrebounded the Cowboys 36-26.
Tavarius Shine scored a career-high 20 points and Mitchell Solomon added a career-best 17 for Oklahoma State (7-2).
——
No. 7 Texas A&M 73, Prairie View A&M 53
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) — Junior guard Admon Gilder scored 14 points and Texas A&M overcame a sluggish start.
The Aggies (8-1) led 44-40 5 minutes into the second half before scoring the next 18 points over a 7-minute span to put away the game against the outmanned Panthers (2-7).
A&M forward Robert Williams had 16 rebounds.
Zachary Hamilton led the Panthers with 18 points.
——
No. 8 Kentucky 93, Monmouth 76
NEW YORK (AP) — Hamidou Diallo scored a season-high 23 points for Kentucky at Madison Square Garden.
Kentucky (8-1) won its sixth in a row. PJ Washington added 20 points, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander chipped in 15 and Nick Richards had 10.
Monmouth (3-7) has lost three straight. Deion Hammond led the Hawks with 19 and Micah Seaborn had 18.
——
No. 9 Notre Dame 92, Delaware 68
NEWARK, Del. (AP) — Bonzie Colson had 19 points and 12 rebounds to lead Notre Dame in coach Mike Brey's return to Delaware.
Matt Farrell scored 24 points and TJ Gibbs had 21 to help the Fighting Irish (8-2) rebound from an 80-77 loss Tuesday to Ball State.
Brey returned to the Bob Carpenter Center for the first time since the end of his Delaware head coaching stint in 2000.
Kevin Anderson scored 23 points for the Blue Hens (4-6).
——
No. 13 Xavier 96, Colorado 69
CINCINNATI (AP) — Trevon Bluiett scored 25 points and J.P. Macura emerged from his slump by making his first six shots as Xavier completed a streak of non-conference payback wins.
The Musketeers (9-1) already had victories over Baylor and crosstown rival Cincinnati, which beat them last season, and they set a goal of completing the trilogy. Last season, they blew a nine-point lead in the second half and lost 68-66 at Colorado.
Namon Wright had 18 points for the Buffaloes (7-2).
——
Arkansas 95, No. 14 Minnesota 79
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Jaylen Barford scored 22 points and freshman Daniel Gafford added 16 on 8-of-8 shooting for Arkansas.
The victory is the first for the Razorbacks (7-2) over a Top 15 team since defeating No. 5 Texas A&M during the 2015-16 season, and it extends their home winning streak to eight games.
Jordan Murphy led Minnesota (8-3) with 20 points and 10 rebounds. The loss is the third in the last four games for the Golden Gophers.
——
No. 18 West Virginia 69, Pittsburgh 60
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Jevon Carter scored 19 points and Daxter Miles Jr. added 15 as West Virginia fended off a furious second-half run.
Lamont West finished with 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Mountaineers (9-1), who have won nine straight following a season-opening loss to Texas A&M.
Ryan Luther overcame early foul trouble to lead Pitt (5-5) with 13 points and 12 rebounds.
Pitt trailed by as many as 20 but closed within two points with 5:30 to go before West Virginia clamped down late.
——
No. 19 Seton Hall 90, VCU 67
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Angel Delgado had 14 points and 13 rebounds for Seton Hall in the Never Forget Tribute Classic at the Prudential Center.
Myles Powell added five of his 17 points in a game-breaking 13-1 first-half run, Desi Rodriguez had 17 and Khadeen Carrington scored 13 for the Pirates (8-1), who have won four straight since being beaten at the buzzer by Rhode Island on Thanksgiving.
Justin Tillman had 14 of his 20 points in the second half to lead VCU (5-5), which suffered its biggest loss of the season.
——
No. 23 Baylor 105, Randall 82
FORT HOOD, Texas (AP) — Nuni Omot scored 30 points while Jo Lual-Acuil and freshman Tristan Clark notched double-doubles to lead Baylor at Fort Hood.
Lual-Acuil had 19 points and 16 rebounds, Clark added 16 points and 11 boards and King McClure scored 23 for the Bears (7-2), who had lost two straight games.
Trey Sneed scored 29 points and Xavier Hunter added 23 for Randall (5-9).
——
No. 24 Tennessee 81, Lipscomb 71
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Grant Williams overcame early foul trouble to score 19 points in Tennessee's first game as a ranked team since December 2010.
Tennessee (7-1) won its fourth straight.
Garrison Mathews had 19 of his 22 points in the second half for Lipscomb (6-4).
NORTH ROYALTON, Ohio (AP) – Ohio authorities say a suspect in the slayings of five people in two cities has now been charged in all five deaths.
Police in the Cleveland suburb of North Royalton say 45-year-old George Brinkman Jr. was charged Wednesday with aggravated murder, kidnapping and tampering with evidence in the deaths of a mother and her two college-age daughters. The bodies of 45-year-old Suzanne Taylor, 21-year-old Taylor Pifer and 18-year-old Kylie Pifer were found Sunday in their home. Police haven't said how they died.
Brinkman was charged Tuesday with murder in the slayings of his employers, 71-year-old Rogell Eugene John and 64-year-old Roberta Ray John. The couple's bodies were found Monday in their North Canton home. Authorities say they apparently were shot.
Court records don't list an attorney for Brinkman.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Anyone who has worked in IT for as long as I have knows that exponential changes in technology over the past several decades have forced IT to be agile and find new ways to support users and make tech work for the business. Today, given the often patchworked nature of our environments, monitoring end-user experience is one efficient way for IT to gain insight into how users are faring with enterprise technology and services. With such insight, IT can support users regardless of where and how resources are hosted.
That said, end-user experience often isn't being used to its fullest potential as an indicator of success. Why? This lack of focus on end-user experience is something that dates back to our earlier days in IT. To find the answer, let's first dive into our IT time machine.
A brief history of IT
I started in IT around 1988 answering the helpdesk phone of an IT services company. Those around in the ‘80s will remember that mobile phones did not exist (personal pagers eventually became the first “mobile” device) and Windows had not yet been invented. These were the days of Disk Operating System and the very first PCs, their only storage being a 5¼” floppy drive that could hold a whopping 360 KB! Screens were usually black and white, or sometimes green, but always power-hungry Cathode Ray Tubes.
Read the entire article here, Why Place End-User Experience at the Core of Your IT Strategy?
Via the fine folks at Lakeside Software.
Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway speaks at the annual March for Life rally in Washington, DC, U.S. January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
By Doina Chiacu
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House should consider disciplinary action against presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway for appearing to violate government ethics rules by publicly endorsing Ivanka Trump products, the Office of Government Ethics wrote in a letter made public on Tuesday.
The letter, dated Monday and addressed to a White House ethics official, asked President Donald Trump's administration to investigate the incident and gave it two weeks to provide its findings and detail any disciplinary steps taken.
Conway, Trump's presidential campaign manager and now a senior counselor, said on Fox News last week that Americans should "go buy Ivanka's stuff." She spoke after retailer Nordstrom announced it was dropping the branded line of Ivanka Trump, the president's older daughter.
Federal ethics rules prohibit executive branch employees from using their positions to endorse products.
"There is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub wrote in the letter.
Stefan Passantino, the White House ethics official named in the letter, declined to comment. A White House spokesman did not reply to a request for comment.
The ethics office has little enforcement power. It can formally recommend disciplinary action if the White House does not act, Shaub said in a separate letter to two U.S. lawmakers who sought a review of Conway's remarks.
That recommendation would not be binding, and the process would take until late April or early May, Shaub said. If the ethics office does formally recommend discipline, it would be up to the White House to decide any steps against Conway.
Norman Eisen, who was ethics chief under President Barack Obama, said Congress also could call hearings or subpoena documents if the White House did not act.
Trump himself earlier attacked Nordstrom for dropping his daughter's brand. The ethics rules that bar endorsements do not apply to the president, though critics said his comments were inappropriate.
Nordstrom said it made the decision because sales had steadily declined, especially in the last half of 2016, to where carrying the line "didn't make good business sense."
In his letter to the White House, Shaub wrote that his office's regulatory guidelines include an example violation in which a hypothetical presidential appointee promotes a product in a television commercial. He said Conway's remarks closely mirrored that example of what not to do.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Thursday that Conway had been "counseled," but Shaub wrote that the Office of Government Ethics had not been informed of any corrective steps.
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu, Timothy Ahmann, Ayesha Rascoe and Emily Stephenson; Editing by Grant McCool, Bernard Orr and Howard Goller)
Heathrow Airport has announced it is to clampdown on plastic pollution by standardising and recycling 100% of its single-use coffee cups by the end of 2018.
It hopes the move will encourage passengers to bring their own reusable containers and bottles and says it will deploy cup collection points around its terminals in the next month.
London's biggest airport also plans to eliminate other sources of single-use plastics such as bottles and straws from its buildings.
The airport estimates only 0.25% of plastic cups are currently recycled, meaning only 33,750 of the 13.5 million used at Heathrow each year are disposed of properly.
CEO John Holland-Kaye said: “As a small city, we are committed to reducing our impact on the environment and using all our influence to ensure individual companies working within our boundaries do so as well.
“This announcement takes us one step further, ensuring all single-use coffee cups at the airport are able to be recycled with additional support from Heathrow.”
Bishop Charles Agyinasare and his family
Presiding Bishop of Perez Chapel International, Bishop Charles Agyinasare was the happiest on earth after he witnessed a ceremony of his daughter being called to the BAR in Ghana.
What made his day a very memorable one was the fact that his daughter has also been called to the BAR in the United Kingdom.
Announcing his joy in a post on Facebook, the Pastor said “What a day? My baby girl Charlene, today was called to the Ghana Bar as a Lawyer to practice law both in the UK and Ghana”.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
“I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said.
“Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
The attack drew extensive international attention, its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets, some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack. He is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. - We've heard of some dedicated sports fans, but would you travel more than 7,100 miles to see your favorite team?
As it turns out, a young student from Taiwan is a big Rockets fan, so he traveled to Minnesota to watch Games 3 and 4 of the Rockets-Timberwolves playoff series.
He held a sign letting the Rockets know about his long trip.
James Harden showed his appreciation by tossing his shoes to the fan after Monday night's game.
On Tuesday, we asked The Beard about his generous gift.
"I saw him in Game 3 and I wanted to do something for him. (It was a) Cool feeling for myself," Harden said.
It was the fan's first trip to the United States.
He will be in Houston for Game 5 on Wednesday and will return home on Sunday.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, university President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, USC President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a school...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual...
(AP Photo/Christopher Weber). University of Southern California student Daniella Mohazab, center, speaks at a news conference at the office of her attorney, Gloria Allred, left, Tuesday May 22, 2018, in Los Angeles. Mohazab, a USC student seeking a ma...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The University of Southern California has received hundreds of complaints about a former school gynecologist suspected of conducting inappropriate exams for decades, prompting the resignation of the school president and a police investigation.
More than two dozen lawsuits have been filed and police are investigating allegations from more than 50 women, so far.
Whether Dr. George Tyndall faces charges, though, depends on if complaints about creepy comments, improper photos in the exam room and uncomfortable probing went beyond dubious doctoring and into the criminal realm.
The university has come under fire since the Los Angeles Times reported earlier this month that complaints and comments about Tyndall's care went unheeded by the school for decades and that USC failed to report him to the state medical board even after the school quietly forced him into retirement last year.
Two administrators were fired and President C.L. Max Nikias agreed to step down Friday after criticism for leadership failures during a string of scandals that included reports by the Times that the university's former medical school dean used drugs with criminals and was present when a woman overdosed in a Pasadena hotel room.
Lawsuits accuse Tyndall, the school's staff gynecologist for nearly three decades, of using his authority to sexually abuse women between 1990 and 2016. The suits allege the school concealed the conduct.
Tyndall was a "serial sexual predator" who groped breasts and used his fingers to penetrate rectums and vaginas for no medically necessary purpose, attorney John Manly said in a suit filed Friday. Tyndall is also accused of taking close-up photos of genitalia and commenting on the bodies of women, their race and sexual activity.
In some instances, Tyndall is accused of conducting vaginal exams without gloves when students were only seeking birth control.
Tyndall, 71, denied wrongdoing in interviews with the Times. He didn't return phone calls or an email from The Associated Press. It wasn't known Tuesday if he has an attorney.
USC concluded in 2016 that Tyndall violated policies on harassment and making racially discriminatory and sexually inappropriate remarks, but two criminal law experts it consulted said there was no criminal activity to report, the school said.
Los Angeles police said they are looking into behavior and practices that appear to go beyond the norms of medical and gynecological exams.
"Many of them are just inappropriate comments which, obviously, do not constitute a crime," Police Capt. Billy Hayes said at a news conference Tuesday asking more women to come forward. "We could look at the issue of penetration as one of the more significant crimes."
The allegations have similarities with the case of Larry Nassar, the disgraced former sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics now serving multiple life terms in prison. Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with more than 300 of his victims.
One key difference with the high-profile case involving Olympic champions, though, is that Tyndall as a gynecologist could argue his treatments were within the scope of his medical expertise.
Internal investigations by USC got mixed reviews on Tyndall's practice of using a finger before inserting a speculum during pelvic exams. One expert said it could be considered acceptable, though another review found it outdated.
Some women who have spoken about their encounters - some of whom were on their first visits to a gynecologist - said they didn't realize their treatment was improper until they saw recent news stories.
"These women had no idea they were being sexually abused," said attorney Ron Labriola, who is working with Manly. "They said it was odd, it was weird, but that's different from (perceiving it) as a sexual assault."
That could make it challenging but not impossible for authorities to pursue charges against Tyndall, particularly given the potential number of complaints.
A jury in Casper, Wyoming, this year convicted a gynecologist who touched women in ways they said were unusual and made them feel uncomfortable. Prosecutor Mike Blonigen said there is often no physical evidence or eyewitnesses in such cases and the difference between proper care and a crime can be subtle.
"Some of the challenges are distinguishing between clumsy execution in the procedure and illegal touching. That's hard to do," Blonigen said. "The thought that my doctor is molesting me is a hard thing to process."
Dr. Paul Harnetty was sentenced to 20 to 30 years in prison on two counts of second-degree sexual assault.
Successful prosecutions almost always involve multiple women who can provide corroborating testimony, Blonigen said. In Harnetty's case, six patients testified against him, though he was cleared of several counts.
If there's a single victim, the case can devolve into a said-she said dispute, said Michele Goodwin, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine. In the medical environment, a typical defense is that it was part of an exam and there were no supporting eyewitnesses or video.
In Tyndall's case, female nurses or medical assistants known as chaperones who often accompany male gynecologists during exams, had complained about his behavior, including his use of a camera, the Times reported. Those colleagues could provide valuable testimony.
But Goodwin pointed out that chaperones can't see everything in such an intimate setting.
"A gynecological exam can include things that are very graphic," Goodwin said. "That is also what makes these types of cases so frightening for these young women ... The abuse happens to be hidden in the worst way."
If investigators can't find physical evidence of abuse, they will see if women reported incidents at the time to roommates, family members or others and whether medical records match up with when they said they were abused.
One advantage prosecutors have is they can present evidence of similar misconduct the defendant may not be charged with to show a pattern, said criminal defense attorney Robert A. Schwartz, who is not involved in the case.
Jurors were unable to convict Bill Cosby of sexual assault at his first trial when only one additional woman testified against him. Cosby was convicted at a second trial after five other women testified about prior bad acts dating to the 1980s.
"Most doctors as a defendant in a criminal case would get the benefit of the doubt," Schwartz said. "What tips the scales against the doctor and his testimony would be the sheer volume of complaints."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
Henryville Elementary students will travel to Western Kentucky to watch the solar eclipse on August 21. (Source: Michael Williams/WAVE 3 News)
HENRYVILLE, IN (WAVE) - Fifth and sixth graders at Henryville Elementary will be traveling to their science lesson on August 21. About 180 students are heading to Hopkinsville for a field trip to watch the total solar eclipse.
Fifth grade teacher Vanessa Goodknight and her colleagues at Henryville Elementary have been planning for the big event for a year.
"We've all been studying our eclipse across America," said Goodknight, "So we're going to have to travel a way but it's so close. It really is close. So that's what's so exciting about it."
>> Kentucky's Darkest Day: More news about the solar eclipse
Her fifth graders said they feel proud they're part of the group that gets to go on the field trip. They'll leave Henryville Elementary at 8 a.m. and travel on a bus for three hours with their eclipse glasses in hand.
West Clark Community Schools will be experiencing the partial solar eclipse in Indiana, too. The entire school has solar eclipse glasses for every student and staff member, and they will safely view the eclipse with glasses that have an ISO 12312-2 certification.
The staff is also encouraging parents to discuss eclipse safety as they anticipate the scientific learning opportunity.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Housing boom town Ellesmere Port is set to gain a further 265 homes.
Revised plans have been put forward for the long awaited development at the former war time Roften site on Hooton Road in Hooton which includes a 72-bed care home.
The large scale new build on near 18 hectares originally had approval last year with outline plans for the derelict area agreed in 2012.
The green belt site was developed in 1940 as a Royal Ordnance factory which specialised in manufacturing gun barrels for tanks.
After the Second World War it was occupied by various enterprises including the British Steel Corporation and later the Roften Galvanising Works which closed in the 1990s.
Willaston councillor Myles Hogg (Con), then the borough's strategic planning chairman, said at one stage: “In an ideal world this site would have been decontaminated, cleaned up and turned into a light industrial park, employing hundreds of people. That dream was not to be so we must decide whether this application is acceptable.”
(Image: Google Street View)
Planners explain the site has been cleared and the former buildings demolished.
Applicants Stewart Milne Homes, who build in Scotland and north west England, are seeking approval for minor changes to the previous permission.
The development includes a new community hall for Hooton, improvements to the shop at Hooton railway station and improvements at the junction of the A41 and Hooton Road. A village green will also feature.
There are no comments from Willaston Residents and Countryside Society and no objections from Hooton and District Residents Association.
Education officers have requested a £492,984 payment towards accommodating additional pupils from the new housing at Childer Thornton Primary School while greenspace specialists are seeking £180,000 plus towards a pitch and 10 years' maintenance.
Four objections have been raised.
Planners argue there are very special circumstances to justify the development in the green belt including the regeneration of the derelict site and improved access to the countryside. Landscaping is included and a nature conservation area along with improvements to the nearby Wirral Way.
There will be no greater effect on the green belt than the previous approval it is suggested.
The new build will include 68 affordable homes.
Traffic will be significantly less than that from a previous permission for a business park although it will be noticeable compared to the existing position.
It is not thought this will be overbearing on roads in Willaston and beyond or on parking in the village.
Recommending approval planners confirm their view the ‘highly compelling' benefits outweigh any harm to the green belt and very special circumstances exist. Significant weight should also be given to the previous permission.
This is subject to 40 conditions, a legal agreement and a referral to the secretary of state to consider whether there should be a public inquiry.
Long standing Ellesmere Port councillor Angela Claydon (Lab, St Paul's), who prefers the site to be developed for housing, commented at one stage: “It is an absolute tip and has been for donkey's years and it is an eyesore.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman left her dog alone to starve to death after she moved out.
Debra Peet, 54, from Shotton in Deeside, has been banned from keeping pets for 10 years.
Jack Russell Benji was abandoned for weeks to suffer with ‘shocking disregard'.
Peet was given an eight-month community order at Flintshire Magistrates Court on June 12.
She moved out of the bungalow and expected her ex-husband to pick up Benji but she never checked if he did, the court heard.
Warning – distressing image below:
RSPCA inspector Tim Jones said: “Benji's death is so tragic, and was caused because his owner showed such shocking disregard for a fellow living creature.
“The suffering must have been severe.
“Veterinary inspection found this poor dog was malnourished, emaciated and was weighing only 3.3kg.
“Owning a dog like Benji is a privilege, and it is heartbreaking to think what he went through after being left to die.”
The RSPCA was called to investigate in November after the dog's body was found by police.
Inspector Jones found Benji had fallen in a pile of rubbish and there was excrement all over the floor.
Peet pleaded guilty to three Animal Welfare Act offences, including a failure to meet Benji's needs and causing him to suffer unnecessarily.
The 54-year-old was ordered to abide by an 8pm to 6am curfew for the next three months.
She was also told to pay £200 towards costs and a £85 victim surcharge.
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto's busiest thoroughfares, conjuring memories of recent similar attacks, including in France, Germany and Spain.
Monday's events sent the city reeling, sowing confusion and fear. So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case?
Here's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism:
DEFINITION: The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out “for a political, religious or ideological purpose, objective or cause” intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm, endangering health and safety, or interfering with an essential service.
OFFENCES: The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group, as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts.
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY: When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001, Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition, said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa's graduate school of public and international affairs.
“Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element cannot be demonstrated then they are not considered, legally, acts of terrorism, even if they terrorize,” Wark said.
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court, he added.
The terrorism offences in Canadian law “do not work well” with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own, given the code's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group, said Kent Roach, a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security.
OTHER CASES: There is expert consensus that whenever it's appropriate to lay terrorism charges, that should happen, even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction, such as the length of sentence imposed, Wark said.
After six people were fatally shot at a Quebec City mosque in January 2017, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was unequivocal. “This was a group of innocents targeted for practising their faith,” he said. “Make no mistake — this was a terrorist attack.”
However, no terrorism charges were laid against shooter Alexandre Bissonnette. He pleaded guilty to six charges of first-degree murder and six of attempted murder in connection with the attack.
In October 2014, a gunman shot a sentry at the National War Memorial before storming Parliament Hill, ultimately dying in a flurry of bullets in the Centre Block.
Michael Zehaf Bibeau said his actions were spurred by Canada's military involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq. In a grainy cellphone video made shortly before his attack, he spoke of assaulting soldiers to show Canadians they are not safe in their own country.
Some months later, Bob Paulson, commissioner of the RCMP at the time, said the Mounties consider Zehaf Bibeau a terrorist and that he would have been charged with terrorism offences under the Criminal Code had he survived.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
Sarah Goodpaster of Wild Wing Cafe is here to show us some of what they have to offer, and to talk about how they can help you with your tailgating.
Sarah tells us that Wild Wing Cafe has much more than just food!
Chris and Sarah are exciting to see how wild you can get for the photo contest!
SPRING HILL, Fla. (WFLA) – The search continues Friday for an unknown gunman who shot an 18-year-old girl at Spring Hill apartment complex on Thursday night.
The teenager was airlifted to a trauma center for treament. Her name and condition has not been released.
Deputies responded to the Spring Haven Apartments, in Spring Hill around 9:38 p.m.
The girl was walking along Spring Haven Loop area, near the apartment's clubhouse when she was shot.
The suspect is described as a black teenage male, who was wearing black basketball shorts and white or grey sneakers. He was not wearing a shirt and was carrying a small sling bag.
The suspect was last seen running east, across Mariner Boulevard, toward the Wellington community.
The Hernando County Sheriff's Office K-9 Unit and aviation unit searched for the suspect on Thursday evening. Residents living in and around Wellington were encouraged to stay inside.
Anyone who sees anything suspicious is encouraged to call 911 immediately.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
01:16 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 'There were many heroes today' Read more Watch: Congressman Roger Williams (R-TX) recounts the shooting at the GOP Congressional baseball practice. ► ◄ Last Briefs
We accept many different kinds of announcements. Just click on the button below and submit a form.
Go to forms
The Mary B. Martin School of the Arts is preparing for the last event of the season, and it's big! one though. They're wrapping up the year with a very special guest, Julian Sands, who will celebrate a legend, Harold Pinter. Anita DeAngelis is here with the details. For more, visit their website.
Advertisement
FYF Fest officials announced this week that they will be releasing more single-day tickets this Friday at noon for all three nights of the July 21-23 concert – while also hinting at a mystery band performing Sunday.
Festival organizers announced the news on Twitter today along with a new festival poster that includes the asterisks “**** *' *****” on the Sunday July 23 lineup placed between Run The Jewels and Little Dragon.
More Single Day Passes for FYF will be released on Friday, June 16th, at noon!#fyffest #losangeles #bestweekendofsummer pic.twitter.com/AyOCoXtVbb — FYF Fest (@FYFFEST) June 14, 2017
Anyone who has ever played hangman or Wheel of Fortune can have some fun guessing at least one band that happens to be on a massive reunion tour and has no shows scheduled on that date fits into that line.
So, while it's no guarantee, you only need to start the first and last words with a “G” and an “R” and maybe connect them with an “n'” and … we'll let you puzzle out the rest.
But that's pretty low on the bill for a band that big. So who else might it be? Kid ‘N Play? Enuff Z'nuff? Mac N'Cheeze?
It's a mystery, folks. For all we know, it's a sideproject of the band !!! (aka ChkChkChk) coming back with some new typographical tunes.
We. Just. Don't. Know.
Three-day passes are $329 plus fees for general admission and $549 for VIP, before fees. Single day passes are now $109- $125, plus fees and can be purchased at www.fyffest.com.
Meek Mill Freed After Uproar Over Harsh Term
Rapper Meek Mill won freedom from prison Tuesday after an unusually harsh sentence triggered protests that pointed to racial biases in US probation laws.
The 30-year-old Philadelphia rapper, who was jailed in November over a case from his teenage years, was ordered out on bail by Pennsylvania's Supreme Court.
As he walked at least temporarily free, Mill thanked supporters who campaigned for him as well as the Philadelphia district attorney's office that sided with him.
Read More: Judge Who Sentenced Meek Mill Refuses To Change Stance
“I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill wrote on Twitter.
“In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career,” said Mill, whose last album “Wins and Losses” reached number three on the US chart.
Mill, raised by a single mother after his father was killed, was thrown into jail over his arrest on drug and gun possession charges in 2008, well before the rapper born as Robert Rihmeek Williams achieved stardom.
At what had looked like a routine hearing, Philadelphia judge Genece Brinkley handed Mill a term of between two and four years for violating terms of parole, including scheduling shows that conflicted with the court schedule and entering a publicized scuffle in St. Louis.
Ordering Mill out on bail, the state's Supreme Court cited “credibility issues” over a police officer who was a witness.
Mill has said he was badly beaten during the 2008 arrest and placed a bloody mugshot of himself as the cover of his “DC4” mixtape.
The Supreme Court did not throw out the case but asked the local court to reach a resolution within 60 days. It also did not remove Brinkley but noted she “may opt to remove herself from presiding over this matter.”
In addition to street rallies, Mill enjoyed the support of celebrities including hip-hop mogul Jay-Z, whose Roc Nation management signed Mill.
In an op-ed last year for The New York Times, Jay-Z said that Mill's case was “just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day.”
Probation, which dates from English common law, was initially seen as a compassionate way for courts to grant freedom to people who pose little risk.
But a survey by The Marshall Project, a non-profit news organization that covers the US judicial system, found that at least 61,250 people — and probably far more — are in prison across the United States for minor parole violations like missing appointments, failing drug tests or staying out past curfew.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AUSTIN, Texas — William Grote says the latest attack by a suspected serial bomber that has terrorized Austin for weeks left what appeared to be nails embedded in his grandson's knees.
Police and federal agents said that the blast Sunday night triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire suggests a “higher level of sophistication” than they have seen before in three early package bombs left on doorsteps, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular.
Four explosions have rocked the capital city and authorities don't appear closer to making any arrests. Two people are dead and four injured.
Authorities haven't identified the latest victims, but Grote told The Associated Press that his grandson was one of the two men wounded in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighbourhood. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Grote said his grandson is cognizant but still in a lot of pain. He said the night of the bombing, one of the victims was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a trapwire that he said knocked “them both off their feet.”
“It was so dark they couldn't tell and they tripped,” he said. “They didn't see it. It was a wire. And it blew up.”
Grote said his son, who lives about 100 yards (91 metres) away from the blast, heard the explosion and raced outside. “Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely,” Grote said.
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings, which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened.
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude.
“It's creepy,” said Erin Mays, 33. “I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbour kind of stuff.”
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding.
“We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something,” Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Police originally pointed to possible hate crimes, but the victims have now been black, Hispanic and white and from different parts of the increasingly diverse city. Domestic terrorism is among the variety of possible motives investigators are looking at.
Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
“We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point,” Austin police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. He would not elaborate, though, saying he didn't want to undermine the investigation.
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. The differences in where the blasts have occurred, the lack of a motive and other unknowns make it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Thad Holt, 76, said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack. “I think everybody can now say, ‘Oh, that's like my neighbourhood,”‘ he said.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
“It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line,” he said. “It would have been very difficult for someone to see.”
Milanowski said authorities have checked more than 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
Noel Holmes, whose house is about a mile away, was stunned by how loud Sunday's explosion was.
“It sounded like a very nearby cannon,” Holmes said. “We went out and heard all the sirens, but it was eerie. You didn't feel like you should be outside at all.”
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, “We must look out for one another.” None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.
“I'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here. But this is scary what's happening,” said golfer Jhonattan Vegas, already in town.
Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
“This makes me sick,” he said.
——
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: enewsgh.com
2017-01-02
Mzvee rocking the stage at the #Muselive16
Media outfit MUSE Africa's much anticipated #MuseLive16 concert came off at the World Trade Centre (Accra) on Sunday January 1, with exciting performances from MzVee, Haywaya, Feli Nuna, Edem, Joey B, Kwamz and Flava, Ko-jo Cue, Tee Phlow, Medikal, and Sister Derbie.
The maiden edition, the concert was also graced by such esteemed personnel as veteran dancehall act and High Grade Family frontman Samini, actor James Gardiner, and comedian DKB.
It was hosted by Live FM's Antoine Mensah, and Y FM's Ogee The MC, with music from Vision DJ, Mic Smith, and Nii Ayi Tagoe.
TORONTO — No winning ticket was sold for the $33 million jackpot in Friday night's Lotto Max draw.
That means the jackpot for next Friday's draw will grow to approximately $50 million, and there will also be two Maxmillions prizes of $1 million each up for grabs.
(David L Ryan/The Boston Globe via AP, Pool, File). FILE - In this Nov. 22, 2013 file photo, former state chemist Annie Dookhan sits in Suffolk Superior Court in Boston. Dookhan pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence and falsifying thousands of test...
BOSTON (AP) - District attorneys in Massachusetts are facing a key deadline as they continue to deal with the damage caused by the misconduct of a former state drug lab chemist.
The state's highest court ordered the DAs to produce lists by Tuesday indicating how many of the approximately 24,000 tainted cases they would not or could not prosecute if new trials were ordered. Those cases would be dismissed.
Annie Dookhan pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence and falsifying thousands of tests in criminal drug cases, calling into question evidence used to prosecute the defendants.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts estimates some 20,000 cases will be thrown out, which the group says could make it the largest mass dismissal of criminal convictions in U.S. history.
Dookhan served three years in prison.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Going Once For $780,000
Last weekend's Naples Winter Wine Festival charity auction saw a new 2018 Rolls-Royce Phantom raise big money for at-risk kids.
Ask Jon Mason why he bid $780,000 at last weekend's Naples Winter Wine Festival charity auction for the very first 2018 Rolls-Royce Phantom ever built and he'll tell you: “I don't know, we only came for the lunch”.
The part-time Naples resident – he's from Dover, Ohio where he runs his Mancan Staffing Agency and keeps his 50-car collection of classics – says he went to the auction with no real intention of buying the stunning Belladonna Purple Phantom, list price $450,000.
“All my wife Bonnie and I knew was that we were going to buy something. I love cars – prick my finger and oil would run out – so it was great we could come away with a new Rolls-Royce while supporting such a wonderful cause,” explains the soft-spoken 73-year-old.
While his classic car collection includes priceless Duesenbergs and Auburns, he's never owned a Rolls-Royce; the Phantom will be his first. He plans to keep it at his home in Naples.
What he bought was actually pretty special. This was the first all-new 2018 Rolls-Royce Phantom to come off the production line in Goodwood, England. In keeping with the Winter Wine Festival theme, it's painted in the deepest shade of wine red that Rolls calls Belladonna Purple. Inside, it's all acres of Arctic White leather with contrasting purple accents.
This isn't the first car that Rolls-Royce has given to the auction. Since 2004 it has donated six cars – including the new Phantom -that have collectively raised more than $5.8 million, with proceeds benefitting the Naples Children and Education Foundation.
Back in 2007, a Phantom Drophead Coupe was snapped-up for a staggering $2 million. A new Rolls Wraith coupe raised $750,000 when it was auctioned in 2014, with a new Rolls Dawn convertible fetching $750,000 in 2016.
“The Naples Winter Wine Festival is the perfect cause for Rolls-Royce to support. It is a top-notch event and one that gives us the opportunity to participate in the lives of our clientele,” explains Gerry Spahn, Head of Corporate Communications for Americas, Rolls-Royce Motor Cars.
So what is Jon Mason's new Phantom like to drive? In one word ‘magical'. Before last weekend's auction, I got to spend the afternoon piloting this all-aluminum, eighth-generation Phantom around Naples, experiencing its magic carpet-like ride and hushed refinement.
What amazed me the most? That would be the reaction it received from other high-luxe car owners. Cruising serenely along Naples' ritzy Fifth Avenue, I lost count of the number of Bentley, Ferrari, high-end Mercedes and even other Rolls owners who pointed or waved or spun their heads at the sight of this magnificent 19-foot-long, royal blue behemoth wafting along.
And waft it does. Its new twin-turbocharged V12 under the hood barely utters a whisper, silenced by the 286 pounds of sound-deadening foam and felt-padding packed on the insides of the bodyshell.
Every window is double-glazed, and there's a double-skin of alloy within the floor. Rolls also worked with Continental to develop so-called ‘Silent-Seal' tires incorporating a never-before interior layer of rumble-suppressing foam.
Overall, the new Phantom is said to be 60 decibels quieter at 60mph than the previous model. Want to know what it feels like to drive down the road while inside a padded cell wearing Bose noise-cancelling headphones? Here's your chance.
The suspension is also new featuring the latest self-leveling air technology to deliver the smoothest, cushiest ride of any car to roll on four wheels. There are even cameras mounted in the windshield that scan the road ahead, searching out lumps, bumps and potholes, and adjusting the suspension to compensate. It's like floating on a cloud.
And new four-wheel steering, where the rear wheels turn in the opposite direction to the fronts, increases the car's maneuverability and tightens the turning radius. Yes, this new Phantom is a big car, but somehow it doesn't drive big.
Inside this automotive cocoon you sit on throne-like front seats surrounded by the very finest, hand-crafted materials. As you'd expect, every non-glass surface is covered in the finest woods, hides, or knee-deep carpeting. If you loved the previous car's shimmery Starlight Headliner, this new car has a bigger, more shimmery version.
Jon and Bonnie Mason are going to thoroughly enjoy their new Phantom. But as for the magnificent 6-liter engraved bottle of ERA red donated by Napa's Alpha Omega winery, along with six bottles of its famous Cabernet Sauvignon, Mr. Mason shrugs his shoulders: “It's a little wasted on me. I don't drink.”
From the deeper meaning behind ordering a double double to how we first got hooked on a java, Coffee Week features a fresh blend of everything you ever wanted to know about our nation's favourite drink.
For some of us, it can be difficult to get out of bed in the morning. The toll it takes just to mentally and emotionally wake up and prepare yourself for the day – let alone actually leaving the house and going to work – can be overwhelming. And so, until human forklifts receive the crowd-funding they so desperately deserve, we'll have to rely on that over-the-counter miracle drug of miracle drugs: caffeine.
A morning coffee is basically like swallowing strength. And while it may seem miraculous, there is some science behind why your morning routine goes from zero to 60 with one sip. You may not want to get clinical about your coffee, but by looking into how caffeine affects us, we can learn the time of day when our bodies and minds stand the best chance of profiting off of some java.
As it turns out, our reaction to caffeine has a lot to do with cortisol, a hormone our body releases in response to stress and what gives us that feeling of being alert. So if you have a cup of coffee when your cortisol levels are at their highest, your body will begin to recognize coffee as a replacement for cortisol. That's not so great because then your body's tolerance for caffeine will rise and, over time, it will no longer have its magical energy-boosting power. This is why some times when you go for even the strongest black, it just doesn't seem to help.
So the best times to consume coffee are after your body's cortisol levels die down. Which means, surprisingly enough, you should not be opting for coffee first thing in the morning even if every nerve in your body and fibre of your being says that's what it wants and needs.
Cortisol production follows a circadian rhythm (a natural 24-hour cycle) regardless of whether you're an extra-early riser or super-late sleeper, which is great news, because that means you can keep your coffee breaks consistent and get your hit when you need it. Our bodies are all following the same pattern, whether that's shifted earlier or later. On average, however, peak cortisol times, according to a 2009 study in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, happen between 8 and 9 a.m., 12 and 1 p.m., and 5:30 and 6:30 p.m. Which means you should be making a coffee dash between 9:30 and 11:30 a.m., and 1:30 and 5 p.m.
The objective is to use it when your body needs it just as your natural energy levels begin to drop.
And there is a cut-off point: drinking coffee in the evening is best avoided, because caffeine can disrupt your sleep up to six hours after consuming it, meaning you could end up losing an hour or more of shut-eye. That's when, if you absolutely have to, a cup of tea is your best bet to ease into the night.
No matter what your daily routine, the key thing to remember is: you don't actually need coffee the minute you wake up. The smell of coffee brewing on the other hand …
MALE, Maldives — The president of the Maldives fired a national police chief on Saturday for the second time in three days, as political unrest continued to grow in the Indian ocean archipelago after the Supreme Court ordered the release and retrial of political prisoners, including an ex-president.
President Yameen Abdul Gayoom's office said he dismissed Ahmed Saudhee and appointed Deputy Police Commissioner Abdulla Nawaz to act as interim police chief. No reason was given for the dismissal.
Saudhee was appointed interim police chief on Friday, one day after Yameen fired Ahamed Areef, whose dismissal came after the police department announced that it would uphold the Supreme Court's order. Attorney General Mohamed Anil said Areef was fired because Yameen was repeatedly unable to reach him on the phone.
Thursday night's court ruling ordered the release and retrial of politicians opposed to Yameen, including exiled former President Mohammed Nasheed, saying their guilty verdicts were politically influenced.
The ruling has led to protests by opposition supporters urging the government to obey the order.
Protesters late Friday and early Saturday converged on a prison in the capital, Male, where the politicians are being held, demanding their immediate release, but police forced them to leave. They then moved to another location for a sit-in protest that was also broken up. Journalists were kept away from both events by police.
After the court's ruling was made public, street celebrations by government opponents transformed into three hours of clashes with police, who used tear gas and batons to break up the gatherings.
Known for its luxury tourist resorts, the Maldives became a multiparty democracy 10 years ago after decades of autocratic rule by the current president's half brother, strongman Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
But the nation lost much of its democratic gains after Yameen was elected in 2013. He has maintained a tight grip on power, controlling institutions such as the judiciary and police.
Yameen had been set to run for re-election this year virtually unopposed, with all of his opponents either jailed or exiled.
On Friday, Nasheed, whose conviction for abducting a judge was overturned by the court order, said he would mount a fresh challenge for the presidency this year.
Nasheed was sentenced to 13 years in prison after he was convicted of the abduction charge under the Maldives' anti-terror laws in a trial that was widely condemned by international rights groups.
The court also reinstated 12 lawmakers who had been ousted for switching allegiance to the opposition. When those lawmakers return, Yameen's Progressive Party of the Maldives will lose its majority in the 85-member Parliament.
——
Associated Press writer Bharatha Mallawarachi in Colombo, Sri Lanka, contributed to this report.
The Clay County Sheriff's Office and medical examiners have confirmed the body found Tuesday in an abandoned shed in Petrolia as Brice Coates, who went missing last week.
The town has seen a lot of loss this year from a teacher's death to a car crash that claimed the lives of Vinita Trevino and Jakob Plummer.
Those living in Petrolia said they want to see peace in the town following all of the tragic news.
“Anything that goes on, you hear about it being such a small town,” said Bryce Smith who has lived in Petrolia almost his whole life.
Smith recalls Tuesday when he heard the news about a body being found in Petrolia.
“My friend and I were driving through and we saw the crime scene and there were like five Sheriff's cars,” said Smith. “We automatically knew.”
24 hours later, he is still sick about the details of what happened.
“The gruesome detail about the decomposition process that had taken place, you get that image in your head and it makes you just want to break down,” said Smith.
A common meeting place for people Wednesday morning was at the grocery store in Petrolia.
A place so close to where the body was found.
“We've lost a lot this last year and they found him literally a block from here,” said Joshua Large a student at Petrolia high school. “Right over there in the shed. That's tragic.”
There has been a lot of loss this year in the town, and Tuesday's discovery made the two people we spoke with realize one thing.
“You don't know how close death is until it's there and you never know when it might be your last day. I think that's really hit us hard these past few weeks and months,” said Smith.
“It makes me worry about life and how everything is possible,” said Large.
“We just need a break,” said Smith. “That's all I want is just tranquility to be restored. That's all I want.”
The Clay County Sheriff's Office has not released a cause of death but did state they do not believe foul play was involved.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Traffic Jam Remains Despite Opening Of New East Legon Tunnel – Peace FM Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
DESOPADEC boss blames youths for disinvestment, applauds PIB
Guardian (blog)
“Initially, the idea behind the PIB was for NNPC and the IOCs to have a mega company, a joint venture company operated by Federal Government and the IOCs but the oil companies said it will not be workable because FG has higher per cent in the …
and more »
Tim Henman, one of Britain's most successful tennis players, has visited Culford School's tennis centre — and was given a run for his money by the pupils.
The school has more than 50 children involved in the academy, all of whom were keen to show Henman what they could do on the court.
The 43-year-old, who reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon on four occasions, spent several hours on the court with pupils, before taking part in a Q&A session for parents and students.
He said: “It's a great set up here, similar to the school I went to. Having the facilities on site is fantastic, as the kids can combine their education with sport.
“The reality is, there aren't enough facilities for youngsters to play and the more courts, the more chance the country has of producing great players.
“And there are plenty of players with a lot of potential at Culford, they've really been showing me what they can do — if they give everything they have, then they can be the next great player.
“I've been focusing on getting them to engage mentally, not just hitting the ball but learning about which shot to use and when.”
He added that he felt it was important, as a former player of his calibre, to advise and try to help the next generation — as he was one of the few British players with his level of experience.
Pupil Theo Perkas, 12, said: “He was telling us about stepping out on Centre Court and what it's like.
“And he's so good too, he never makes any errors, and the ball always seems to hit the lines. It's just really inspiring.”
Gregor Webster, 13, agreed as he said it was ‘really exciting' to play, but also learn a little about the tactical side of the game at the top level.
And Kristina Paskauskas, 13, said she enjoyed watching her fellow pupils do what they could to hit a winner.
WASHINGTON — A bipartisan group of five senators will travel to Puerto Rico Saturday to survey damage from Hurricane Maria and monitor relief efforts.
The hurricane has killed at least 34 people and most residents are still without electricity.
Democratic lawmakers participating in the trip are Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Tim Kaine of Virginia and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Republican Sens. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Cory Gardner of Colorado will also make the trip. The Department of Homeland Security is co-ordinating the visit.
The government is spending almost $200 million a day for emergency hurricane response. Lawmakers in the coming weeks will likely consider a $29 billion disaster aid package to pay for recovery efforts and federal flood insurance claims.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio zoo's polar bear is off to Chicago to find love.
The Toledo Zoo says its 21-year-old female bear named Nan has been moved to the Brookfield Zoo near Chicago to see if she will breed with the zoo's male bear.
Nan moved into her new home this week where she's separated by a fence from her potential mate named Hudson.
The Brookfield Zoo says the bears will spend a little time getting to know each other before moving in together.
The move was arranged by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and its polar bear species survival program.
Keepers at the Toledo Zoo say Nan is genetically important because she was born in the wild and discovered as an orphan cub near Barrow, Alaska.
Comments
comments
BRYAN REDPATH admitted his Yorkshire Carnegie side “panicked” during their 20-13 win over London Welsh.
Leading 17-3 ahead at half-time, they were in complete control of their latest Championship encounter, only to struggle in the second period and being pushed close before eventually securing the victory that sees them remain comfortably in second place.
TOUGH GOING: Matt Smith on the charge for Carnegie against London Welsh on Sunday. Picture: Steve Riding.
Redpath, who saw two players yellow-carded after the break, said: “We got a bit panicky and tried to turn the pressure on them rather than creating our own pressure by looking after the ball.
“We didn't execute on a couple of occasions. They had a big win last weekend and are not a bad side.
“We made them look very ordinary at 20-3. Sadly we never capitalised on it but it's still a big win for us.
“Defensively we were great virtually the whole game; it was two quick taps that created their chances so not necessarily a system error or any individual mistake.”
Carnegie, who trail only favourites London Irish, have featured in a number of games now where they have only narrowly prospered, but Redpath is not concerned.
“I've stood here and looked at the negatives a few times but we've gone 12 wins now from 13 league games and should be chuffed at that,” said the former Scotland captain.
“Players have to learn about pressure situations and when the referee is saying something different to their perception in the middle we have to be whiter than white.
“We weren't in that second half but, ultimately, I think we just have to keep being positive.”
Fans of history, fantasy, adventure and romance will all find something to enjoy in the drama series Outlander.
Advertisement
Based on the novels by Diana Gabaldon, the series follows the adventures of an English nurse called Claire Randall (Caitriona Balfe) in World War 2, who mysteriously finds herself having travelled back in time to 1743.
Scenes flash back and forth in time, showing her husband Frank (in 1945) trying to find her, and (in 1743) Claire meeting a young highlander called Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and becoming entangled in the Jacobite risings that occurred at the time.
Audiences can catch up on the drama by streaming it on Amazon Prime Video, where the first series is uploaded. It is not currently available to stream on Netflix in the UK, but the series will also be shown on More4 shortly.
Advertisement
Three series have been filmed and the fourth, which adapt the fourth novel in the Outlander series, Drums of Autumn, will be released later this year. And as there are eight books in total, and a ninth forthcoming, it seems that Outlander could be set to play out on our screens for many more years.
Tottenham Hotspur are being linked with summer moves for Fulham left-back Ryan Sessegnon, Bordeaux winger Malcom and Norwich City midfielder James Maddison.
The Evening Standard reports that all three players could be on Spurs' radar ahead of the 2018/19 season.
England Under-19 international Sessegnon, aged 17, is tipped to join the club as a replacement for Danny Rose, whose future at Spurs has been in question since last summer.
Brazilian starlet Malcom, aged 20, was linked with Tottenham and rivals Arsenal during the January transfer window. Spurs could revisit their interest when the next transfer window opens.
Head coach Mauricio Pochettino and his recruitment team will also be on the lookout for a replacement for midfielder Mousa Demebele, aged 30, who is struggling to maintain his fitness.
Canaries youngster Maddison, aged 21, is touted as an option. The England Under-21 international moved to Carrow Road from hometown club Coventry City in February 2016 for an undisclosed fee.
Plugging the knowledge gaps in solid minerals sector (2)
Referencing recent comments credited to Minister of Solid Minerals Development, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, to the effect that there was still much work to be done in terms of funding and creating an enabling environment for mining in the country, we have expressed support for this position while admonishing that more action should be seen in this direction than hitherto the case.
Dr Fayemi told the audience at a solid minerals stakeholders' meeting held recently in Benue State that the Federal Government needed to massively inject funds and create good market environment for full mining activities to take place in the country.
While we fully align with this position, we want to advise that what is required is more of capacity building. We expect to see a government driven machinery armed with credible, adequate information on what is currently going on in the industry and what needs to be done to have a modern mining industry that competes effectively in a globalised market.
There still remains a huge knowledge gap in terms of hard and soft skills in the industry, and in terms of technology application. In most locations, crude processing is still in vogue.
In the circumstance, the position of the ministry in the proposed ban on imports and exports appears a no-brainer. We object to the prevalence of importations of processed minerals.
In another development, the Minister said the government would also ban exportation of raw solid minerals in October this year.
We are of the view that banning exports of raw solid minerals is not plausible in an environment where processing is still at rudimentary stage and where those that trade in the raw material have no incentive to process.
His observation that a lot of illegality was taking place in the sector and that people were just shipping out raw minerals is tenable.
We align with the desire to have a processed raw materials export industry which would also increase employment and the sector's contribution to gross domestic product (GDP). But we believe better result could be achieved by focusing on assisting investors to develop capacity to process and supportive infrastructure for setting up processing plants.
We urge the Federal Government to re-legislate mining rights to the concurrent list where states and local governments in conjunction with host communities have rights over exploitation of solid minerals in their domain.
Under such arrangement, more hands would be on deck in raising participation and funding for development of the sector. Restricting imports and exports of raw solid minerals is a regression to a command economy which, in a globalised market system is bound to fail.
The post Plugging the knowledge gaps in solid minerals sector (2) appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MOUNT DORA, Fla. — Two Florida homeowners owe thousands of dollars in fines for painting murals emulating a Vincent van Gogh masterpiece on the exterior of their home.
A report by WKMG-TV shows the Mount Dora home covered in blue and yellow paint swirled on the house and a perimeter wall in the style of van Gogh's painting “The Starry Night.”
Homeowners Nancy Nemhauser and Ludomir Jastrzebski were fined $100 per day, but the fines were capped at 31 days.
The news station reports that a magistrate lifted the cap Thursday. That means the homeowners now owe over $8,000. The fines will continue until the murals are removed.
——
Information from: WKMG-TV, http://www.local6.com/index.html
Apparently her estranged husband's request of $110,000 in monthly spousal support, $5000 a month for his parents, $4900 to take care of his children from a previous relationship, $1200 in food – oh, and $60,000 to pay the rent he owes on several properties – all finally added up to way too much for R&B superstar Mary J. Blige.
Related: Mary J. Blige FINALLY Reveals What Kendu Did
And – as Ryan Cameron put it – “at 1 a.m. Easter Sunday THIS was the egg she dropped: ‘[Expletive] Kendu Isaacs – I hate him and his whole family.' ”
“What does she want to do, not pay him anything?! He's been in her life.
They've been married. He's helped her career,” Wanda Smith interjected in today's Ryan Report.
“You've got to be sweet to that person until you get their butt up out of there,” she continued. “You can't be disrespectful now.”
Nobody Has The Right To Remove The Bight Of Biafra From The Map – Ben Bruce
Senator representing Bayelsa East, Ben Bruce has said the faulty educational system in Nigeria is why the issue of Biafra agitation cannot be addressed.
Bruce, who described the Nigerian educational system as “terrible” opined that the country's information policy “makes no sense” because it neglected the Nigerian civil war.
The business mogul lamented that young Nigerians were not being educated about the civil war.
Contributing to a motion on the country's unity on the floor of the senate, the lawmaker said the country's educational problems needed to be addressed because any other region of the country may agitate in the future.
He said, “We are here debating a subject that the educational system is not teaching and people do not understand it and the federal government of Nigeria do not recognise it. A fundamental problem is our educational system. We must address the problem at the source.
“What is the problem? We are the problem. It is Biafra, it could be south-south tomorrow or north-east, it doesn't matter. This must be addressed. Our educational is one of the worst I have ever seen anywhere in the world, it is terrible, our policy of information makes no sense whatsoever and here we are talking about an impending crisis.
“Government should pay attention to history, there is a way out but to pretend or remove bight of Biafra from the map, nobody has the right to the bight of Biafra from the map, put it back on the map and let's fix our problem.”
The Senator observed that other countries televise their history of wars in order avoid the repetition of their past mistakes in the future.
Bruce lamented that the government has done “absolutely nothing” to educate youths agitating for a secession.
He said, “The reason they televise these wars is so that you can learn from the mistake of others, so that you do not become a fool and make the same mistakes and fight again. So, here we are, fifty years later talking about something that could be avoided if the federal government at the time understood the value of history.
“We erased the civil war from our consciousness, so generations of people do not know we fought the war or why we fought the war, they say the Igbos, were marginalised, right? But today they are the most industrious in the country, they are the richest Nigerians in the country today and amongst one of the most educated people.
“Yet they feel marginalised, if you compare, the Igbo man to other sectors of the society, you will say the Igbos are the privileged because of what we have. Yet, a generation of Igbos say they have been marginalised and they want to secede and want a nation.
“But what have we done as a nation to educate them on destruction and war – absolutely nothing. They don't teach these in our history books. We do not tell our children what war is all about. Those talking about bloodshed have not even carried a gun.”
The post Nobody Has The Right To Remove The Bight Of Biafra From The Map – Ben Bruce appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FREEHOLD, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – A first of its kind facility in New Jersey takes first responder training to the next level – beyond reality and into the unknown.
Stepping inside the situational and response simulator, an officer responds to a noise complaint. It escalates quickly and the officer must react, CBS2's Meg Baker reports.
“As a member of law enforcement, we can only hope that we will never have to shoot a suspect. But we must train in preparation to provide for a successful outcome when making a split second decision to use lethal force,” Spring Lake Police Chief Edward Kerr said.
During training, officers wear a zapper to simulate what it's like to be hit. The idea is to make the encounter as real as possible.
“Learn and make mistakes in the simulator, instead of making them on the streets,” Kerr said.
The new Monmouth County high-tech facility and $275,000 virtual reality room is the first of its kind in New Jersey.
“Fighting crime has taken a new toll and challenge for law enforcement in the recent years. We constantly have to deal with threats, and threat assessment, and de-escalation of crisis,” Sheriff Shaun Golden said.
Police, fire, EMS and other first responders can run exercises on active shooter incidents, like one demonstration in a cafeteria setting and a SWAT team response inside a school. Outside, K9 officers can run through an agility course.
“The minute we think we have it figured out is the minute we ought to check our badge and gun and find other employment. It's our job to be innovative and on the tip of the sphere,” Monmouth County prosecutor Christopher Gramiccioni said.
New officers were elected at the South Carolina Baptist Covention's Executive Board meeting on Thursday, Dec. 7.
Tommy Kelly, pastor of First Baptist Church, Varnville, and former SCBC president, was elected chairman of the Executive Board. Randy Kirby, worship pastor at First Baptist Church, Simpsonville, was elected vice chair, and Cindy Sanders, a member of First Baptist Church, Barnwell, was elected secretary.
The problem is, we all love the beach! We want to play on the sand, live close enough to walk to the beach, swim in the ocean, listen to the waves as we sleep, etc. Unfortunately, we can't have our cake and eat it too. We can't build so close to a changing shoreline that we disrupt the natural shoreline processes, including the shifts in sand supply and natural movement of the coastline, without negative consequences. If you love something beautiful and natural, you can't confine it. Just as the movement of a beautiful dancer would be destroyed by shackles, the majesty of an open, sandy beach can be killed by hard shoreline armoring, such as seawalls.
Seawalls are merely a short-term fix in the face of rising seas and not a sustainable solution to the changing shoreline. Seawalls are expensive, can intensify wave activity and block beaches from getting new sand. Potential impacts associated with seawalls and other hard armoring have concerned coastal advocates for decades. Expert geologists warn us that dry beach width is consistently and significantly more narrow where a wall or hardened structure exists. Because sandy beaches are being enveloped with water from the seaward side, while also being deprived of sand from the landward side, ultimately seawalls force the shoreline to migrate inland, reducing the width of the beach in front of the seawall and eventually leading to total destruction of the beach. Sea level rise exacerbates this process.
Seawalls beget seawalls. Neighboring properties to those with seawalls will be adversely affected, if they do not armor as well, from the combination of the hardened structure and appetite of the waves for a place to fill and crash. The energy and volume of the ocean will simply go around one hardened structure with more force and strength against the neighboring shoreline properties.
This means that a beachgoer or surfer may suddenly find that it is necessary to climb over rip-rap or that a previous stairway access has been obstructed. Additionally, seawalls are ugly and detract from simple pleasures, like a walk on the beach. At a broader systems level, there is also a dearth of natural sand supply sources due to the prevalence of dams that starve river mouths, compounding the effects of shoreline armoring that halts the natural migration of sand, resulting in disappearing beaches. This constriction of public beach areas is a loss for every citizen, coastal resident and visitor to the shore.
We need to be able to live and play on our coastlines. Using seawalls as a static form of response simply will not work as a solution to a changing coastline and sea level. So given our love of the coast, what are we going to do to preserve it?
Californians need to sound coastal management to determine how the coastline can most appropriately adapt to changing sea levels. The California Coastal Commission is the state agency that is charged with oversight and protection of the coast. Their seawall authority is on trial right now with the Lynch v. California Coastal Commission case, which was heard in early May at the California Supreme Court (and a decision is expected any day now). The Coastal Act ensures that beaches are a public resource held for the greater good, not to serve the few private beachfront owners. The commission is the key stewardship agency regarding the long-term future of the coast and how best to manage it.
Over one-third of the Southern California coast is already armored. If this trend continues to shrink our public beach resources, the same will happen to the state's $445 billion coastal economy. So how will the Coastal Act's mandate to “maximize public access” to the beach be enforced? For a single beachfront property owner? Or for the thousands upon thousands of beachgoers who travel to the coast to celebrate the 4th of July? Will we allow limited private property concerns to take from the future generations of Americans their right to visit the storied California coastline? In a country that recognizes the rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for all, the answer is clear — and it doesn't look like a seawall.
Angela T. Howe is a legal director at the Surfrider Foundation which is based in San Clemente.
TAMPA, Fla. — The Tampa Bay Buccaneers moved to bolster the NFL's least productive pass rush, signing former Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Vinny Curry in free agency.
The Bucs also announced the signing Monday of free agent centre Ryan Jensen, who spent the first five years of his pro career with the Baltimore Ravens.
Curry, who received a three-year, $27 million deal, entered the league as a second-round draft pick in 2012 and played six seasons for the Eagles.
The 29-year-old started 19 games for Philadelphia last season, including the Super Bowl, and is the second member of the Eagles defensive line to sign with Tampa Bay this month.
The Bucs, who were last in the NFL with 22 sacks in 2017, signed tackle Beau Allen last week.
Curry appeared in 84 regular-season games, with 16 starts, for the Eagles. He has 22 sacks, along with 33 tackles for loss and five forced fumbles.
Jensen agreed to a four-year, $42 million contract, with $22 million guaranteed. He was a sixth-round draft pick of the Ravens in 2013 and became a full-time starter last season, when Baltimore ranked 11th in rushing offence and tied for the seventh-fewest sacks allowed.
The Bucs, meanwhile, announced defensive end Robert Ayers, Jr., has been waived. He signed with Tampa Bay in free agency two years ago and had 8 1/2 sacks in 24 games.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
The movie world lost one of its finest character actors when Bill Paxton unexpectedly died in February from complications following heart surgery. His illustrious career was marked by a collection of fantastic films, and four of the best (The Terminator, Aliens, True Lies, and Titanic) were directed by James Cameron, who provided Paxton with his immortal “Game over, man!” line in Aliens and one of his all-time funniest roles in True Lies. No surprise, then, that when we spoke to Cameron recently about his upcoming 3D rerelease of Terminator 2: Judgment Day (in theaters Aug. 25), the topic turned to Paxton — and the filmmaker paid tribute to his friend and former collaborator (watch the clip above).
Cameron tells Yahoo Movies that he viewed Paxton as “the consummate artist” who had a “deep appreciation for art and culture” that wasn't confined to the cinema. Moreover, the director says that the actor was a one-of-a-kind person — “they certainly broke the mold” — and noted that they became “fast friends” beginning in 1981, when both of them were still working for legendary B-movie producer Roger Corman. It was a friendship that would last for decades and was still strong at the time of the actor's death: Cameron reveals that he last spoke with Paxton the night before the heart surgery that tragically ended the actor's life at age 61.
Watch: Bill Paxton reveals the original ending of ‘Titanic':
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
The first match of the Six Nations 2018 kicks off in Cardiff
Time to warm yourself in the scrum of a full pub and stoke the flames of national pride: the 2018 Six Nations is here.
Advertisement
Wales v Scotland is a fascinating opening match: Scottish coach Gregor Townsend oversaw a supreme set of performances in the autumn, including a 53-24 win over Australia – the first time in a decade that Scotland have scored over 50 points against anyone. Wales haven't exactly been quick out of the blocks in previous years, but they'll need to be this time to avoid a home upset.
What time is Wales v Scotland on TV?
The first match of this year's tournament kicks off at 2.15pm, with coverage on BBC1 from 1.45pm.
Where else can I follow the match?
Advertisement
Radio coverage will be live on BBC Radio 5 Live Extra from 2pm.
What's happening in the political world :
Trump addresses nation after shooting in Virginia
-- President Trump called Wednesday morning's shooting at a Virginia baseball field a "very brutal assault" and confirmed that the gunman died from his injuries.
Trump canceled at least one event -- a speech at the Labor Department -- due to the shooting in Alexandria, which injured five people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.
In a statement made at the White House, Trump praised the "heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault."
The president also said: "We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans. That our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace. That we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good."
Trump celebrates 71st birthday
-- President Trump turned 71 years old today, and First Lady Melania Trump is asking the nation to sign a birthday card for him to make it one he'll never forget.
Click here to sign the president's birthday card
Nearly 200 Democrats sue Trump over foreign payments
-- Roughly 80 percent of Democrats in Congress are suing President Trump for receiving payments from foreign governments through his businesses.
The lawsuit doesn't weigh in on whether profits, in general, are a conflict of interest. But the Democrats say Trump didn't get approval from Congress to receive the money, which could violate the Constitution.
Read more
Report: Russia hacked voting systems in 39 U.S. states
-- Russian cyber operatives attacked voting systems in 39 states, according to a Bloomberg report, citing people with knowledge of the investigation.
It had been widely reported that Obama administration officials were very concerned about the intrusion. President Obama reportedly directly called Russia's president, Vladimir Putin, to warn him not to interfere in the election.
Hackers reportedly accessed the software that poll workers used. But it appears they didn't actually do anything to mess with the final tally.
Read more
CNN and Newsy contributed to this report
Financial incentives may increase breastfeeding rates
Research led by the University of Sheffield found breastfeeding increased in areas where shopping vouchers were offered to mother
46 per cent of all eligible mothers signed up to the scheme and over 40 per cent claimed at least one voucher for breastfeeding
Women reported that the vouchers were an incentive to continue breastfeeding
Offering new mothers financial incentives may significantly increase low breastfeeding rates, new research from the University of Sheffield and the University of Dundee has found.
More than 10,000 new mothers across South Yorkshire, Derbyshire and North Nottinghamshire were involved in the groundbreaking study which offered shopping vouchers worth up to £120 if their babies received breast milk (breastfeeding or expressed milk) at two days, 10 days and six weeks old. A further £80 of vouchers was available if their babies continued to receive breast milk up to six months.
Breastfeeding levels in the UK are some of the lowest in the world – in some areas just 12 per cent of six to eight week-old babies are breastfed. The trial, funded by the National Prevention Research Initiative and Public Health England, saw an increase of six percentage points in the areas where the scheme was offered, compared with those areas where the scheme was not available.
Principal investigator Dr Clare Relton, from the University of Sheffield's School of Health and Related Research (ScHARR), said: “Our scheme offered vouchers to mothers as a way of acknowledging the value of breastfeeding to babies and mothers and the work involved in breastfeeding.
“As the scheme was tested in areas with low breastfeeding rates (just 28 per cent of babies is receiving any breast milk at six-eight weeks), we were delighted that 46 per cent of all eligible mothers signed up to the scheme and over 40 per cent claimed at least one voucher. The trial found a significant increase in breastfeeding rates in areas where the scheme was offered.
“Eight out of 10 mothers in the UK who start to breastfeed stop before they really want to. It seems that the voucher scheme helped mothers to breastfeed for longer. Mothers reported they felt rewarded for breastfeeding.”
The study used the routine method of collecting information on breastfeeding; an assessment by healthcare professionals who already discuss feeding, along with the baby's general health, during routine visits.
Mother Fiona Sutcliffe, 29, from Sheffield who took part in the scheme with her baby girl said: “Breastfeeding is quite difficult in the beginning. The scheme is a really good way of keeping going - keeping motivated to stay on track rather than giving up and going for the bottle. It provides little milestones, little stepping stones and helps you get breastfeeding established.”
Eight out of 10 mothers in the UK who start to breastfeed stop before they really want to. The voucher scheme helped mothers to breastfeed for longer. Mothers reported they felt rewarded for breastfeeding Dr Clare Relton
Breastfeeding has a wide range of benefits for both mothers and babies1. It helps to prevent short and long-term illnesses in children and in mothers2 and also reduces health costs to the National Health Service2 (NHS). It is estimated that the NHS would save a minimum of £17 million every year in hospital admissions and GP visits2 if more women could be supported in order to breastfeed for longer.
Anahi Wheeldon, a community midwife from Eckington in Sheffield, said: “The vouchers really lifted mums and gave them recognition and acceptance.
“The scheme has really helped change the culture and attitude towards breastfeeding. Particularly with young mums you used to be the odd one out if you breastfed, but now they know people who've breastfed, there is a network between mums, so it's become more normal.”
Co-author of the study Mary Renfrew, Professor of Mother and Infant Health at the University of Dundee, said: “This is the first large-scale study to show an increase in breastfeeding in communities where rates have been low for generations, and where it can be particularly difficult for women to breastfeed without strong family and community support, because of strong societal barriers.
“In the UK these barriers include the difficulty some women encounter when breastfeeding in public, widespread misleading marketing that formula is equivalent to breastfeeding, a lack of high quality services to prevent and treat any problems if they arise, a lack of community support, a lack of education about breastfeeding for young children, and lack of support for women to breastfeed in the workplace.
“The incentive scheme was designed together with local women and staff to make sure it was feasible and appropriate, and breastfeeding support services were widely available in all the areas where the trial took place. Thanks to all the mothers and staff who supported this study, we now know much more about what might work to help new mothers to breastfeed.”
The five year NOurishing Start for Health (NOSH) study was funded by the National Prevention Research Initiative (NPRI). The NPRI was a national initiative made up of government departments, research councils and major medical charities that worked together to encourage and support research into chronic disease prevention. Its core aim was to develop and implement successful, cost-effective interventions that reduce people's risk of developing major diseases by influencing their health behaviours. A review of the NPRI fed into the recently-launched UK Prevention Research Partnership.
Dr Gavin Malloch, programme manager for public health partnerships at the Medical Research Council which led the NPRI collaboration, said: “There is a wealth of evidence about the importance of breastfeeding for a child's health and also the health of mothers. We also know that being breastfed as a baby has benefits for health later in life, reducing the risk of conditions such as diabetes which place an enormous pressure on the NHS.
“Breastfeeding rates in the UK are some of the lowest in the world. This study shows that vouchers might significantly improve rates in areas where they are below the national average. It will also help inform discussions around this issue at a global level.”
The trial findings are published in JAMA Pediatrics
To view the full paper please visit: http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/10.1001/jamapediatrics.2017.4523
Additional information 1Research has shown that breastfeeding has a wide range of short and long-term health benefits for both mothers and babies. Breastfed babies have:
Less chance of diarrhoea and vomiting
Fewer chest and ear infections and having to go to hospital as a result
Less chance of becoming obese
Less chance of diabetes in later life
Less chance of leukaemia
Less chance of developing eczema.
Less chance of being constipated Health benefits for mother include:
Reduces risk of breast cancer and ovarian cancer
Reduced risk of metabolic syndrome
Helps mother and baby bond
Naturally uses up to 500 calories a day For more information please visit NHS Choices Breastfeeding: the first few days. 2 Potential savings to the NHS
If mothers breastfed more and for longer, then the NHS could save a minimum of £17 million every year just for avoiding the costs of treating four acute diseases in infants (GI infections, URTI infections, Otitis Media and NEC). For more information please visit: NHS Choices More breastfeeding ‘would save the NHS millions', UNICEF Breastfeeding in the UK and UNICEF Commissioning Guidance for Infant Feeding Financial incentives have been shown to be effective in promoting positive health behaviours. For example, financial incentives for breastfeeding have been routinely provided in the Quebec region of Canada since the mid-1990s. The University of Sheffield
With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The chairman of South Korea's Asiana Airlines apologized Wednesday for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a supplier to one of its catering companies.
Park Sam-koo, chairman of the country's second-largest air carrier, said he felt a moral responsibility after the boss of a company that had been helping supply the meals killed himself, according to media reports citing police.
“I express my deep apology to the bereaved family,” Park said at a press conference. “I'm sincerely sorry to the passengers whose work got disrupted due to flight delays and who experienced inconveniences due to the lack of food.”
The apology came as criticism mounted over reports linking the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer.
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday. Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations. Passengers were given vouchers that could be used to purchase duty-free items on Asiana flights.
Many flights were delayed by more than an hour as meals arrived late. Asiana said as of Wednesday, the problem had been resolved.
It arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service.
A fire at the factory of Gate Gourmet Korea, Asiana's new supplier delayed meal supplies while the previous catering service ended in June. The airline temporarily hired another catering service that had to ramp up output to 20,000 meals per day from 3,000 meals per day to meet Asiana's needs. The company whose boss killed himself, was a supplier to that caterer.
Nwosu Optimistic Nigeria Will Qualify For 2019 AFCON Despite Matchday-One Setback
By Izuchukwu Okosi:
Onetime Super Eagles midfielder, Henry Nwosu, is optimistic that the Super Eagles will bounce back strongly after a woeful losing start at home to their 2019 AFCON, and will finally make it to the final tournament in Cameroon, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
To start a qualifying campaign on a losing note is bad," Nwosu told Completesportsnigeria com of the Super Eagles 2-0 loss to Bafana Bafana in Uyo.
"I will not like to single out anybody for blame but I want to emphasize that it would be catastrophic should they lose their next game in the qualifiers.
"This result means that they must win all their remaining matches, and that's a big task, but unfortunately must be so now.
"What happened was unfortunate, but in Nigeria, we love surprises and can still beat South Africa in their home in the reverse fixture."
He would also react on the talks that the experience of the likes of John Mikel Obi and Victor Moses would have made the difference for the Eagles against Bafana.
"Any player wearing Nigeria's colours could have helped the team win. South Africa were simply better in the match," Nwosu who was the revelation at the Maroc '88 Africa Cup of Nations where he scored a goal that was ruled out in the final against Cameroon stated.
The post Nwosu Optimistic Nigeria Will Qualify For 2019 AFCON Despite Matchday-One Setback appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — Congratulations to the new 2018 Miss SOFIAS Mz. Valentana Faumuina, who snatched the crown away from 4 other contestants last Saturday night in one of the best and highly competitive SOFIAS Pageants ever held.
This pageant brought forth an over-the-top form of beauty that featured big dresses, big lashes, and bigger than big wigs and bust sizes that had the SRO crowd in a frenzy from beginning to end. People were turned away at the door as the Gov. Rex H. Lee Auditorium reached its maximum seating capacity for safety reasons.
What separates a good pageant contestant from becoming a pageant queen? Is it the talent portion? Their personality? Their number of social media followers? Their skill with the make-up brushes?
These queens have it all, whether they're rocking formal attire, swimwear, or glam runway looks. In an interesting twist to what the crowd was expecting the judges decided that Valentana had it all as she took home the Best Lady SOFIAS Prize, the prize for Best Swimwear and the Miss SOFIAS crown.
When asked a bonus question of, “If there was a plane right outside the Lee Auditorium for you tonight, where in the world would you like to go?” Valentana answered,” Ua ‘ou fia alu i le makou fale, ua o'u fia moe. ( I want to go home, because I'm sleepy.)
STANDINGS
Miss SOFIAS, Contestant #3 Valentana Fuimaono, 1st runner-up, Contestant #4 Ara-Lei Yandall, who also took home Best Talent, Best Evening Gown, Best Interview, and Miss Congeniality. 2nd runner-up went to contestant#2 Mikaela Saelua, who took home the prizes for Miss Photogenic & Miss Internet, 3rd Runner-up was contestant #5 Dezonikah Michael, and 4th runner-up went to contestant #1 Miss Isabella AhMu-Mageo who also won the prize for the Best Platform presentation at the SOFIAS Meet & Greet the contestant event.
[Photo:THA]
The island has been evacuated. Visitors are being taken away via ferry. (Source: Danny Owens)
A woman has climbed the bottom of the Statue of Liberty in New York City. (Source: WPIX/CNN)
(RNN) - A woman has climbed the bottom of the Statue of Liberty in New York City.
WABC reports the woman started climbing around 3 p.m. ET, shortly after a protest group called Rise and Resist revealed a banner calling for the abolition of Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Martin Joseph Quinn, an organizer of with the group, CNN the climb was not supposed to be a part of their demonstration Wednesday.
"She climbed without our knowledge. It was not part of our action. We are deeply concerned for her safety," Quinn said.
The climber has been seen displaying a shirt that reads "Rise and Resist" and "Trump Care Makes Us Sick."
Seven other protesters have been arrested on Liberty Island.
The island has been evacuated while police try to get the woman down. Visitors are being taken away via ferry.
NYPD is constructing a rope rescue system to bring her down to the base because officers do not think she will come down on her own.
Rise and Resist formed in 2016 as a reaction to the results of the presidential election.
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
A Linslade pensioner turned the tables on a fraudster when she became concerned by a phone call she had received from a trader.
The 84-year-old resident became apprehensive when the caller told her that they were from a loft insulation company and pressured her into agreeing to having a home survey carried out, allegedly claiming that it was now a Government requirement that she have the work done.
But the pensioner enlisted the help of Central Bedfordshire Council's Trading Standards Team, and when the “surveyor” knocked on the her door the next day, they were in for a shock when it was answered by a Trading Standards Officer from the council.
The “surveyor” did not seem keen on answering any questions and rapidly lost interest in conducting any survey. Claiming to have unexpected family issues, he made his excuses and quickly left.
During the investigation the council's Trading Standards Officers obtained a number of documents used by the company, which will be examined for compliance with current Trading Standards legislation.
They have also spoken to the Managing Director of the company, which is based on the south coast, and will be making further enquiries about offences that the company may have committed.
Ahead of national Scams Awareness Month 2018 starting on 1 June, Councillor Ian Dalgarno, Executive Member for Community Services at Central Bedfordshire Council, said: “This lady did really well in alerting us once she realised this could be a scam – she even then played her part in allowing us to catch them in the act.
“I would urge residents to be on their guard if they receive an unexpected telephone call or home visit by a trader who makes claims about any type of home survey requirements.
“We would advise residents not to agree to any work following an unsolicited visit by a trader, or to feel pressured or intimidated.”
If you have concerns about whether any work needs doing or not, contact other reputable local traders or members of the council's Trading Standards Approved Scheme for their opinion and obtain at least three quotes before agreeing to the work.
If you have any concerns about a potential rogue trader or would like to report an incident, contact the team by emailing trading.standards@centralbedfordshire.gov.uk or contact the council's Trading Standards Team on 03454 04 05 06.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
PERSONALITY OF THE WEEK: INNOCENT IDIBIA (2face): A FAILED ROMANCE WITH ACTIVISM
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.”
–William Faulkner
By ONYEDIKA AGBEDO
The last minute withdrawal of popular hip-hop artist, Innocent Ujah Idibia, popularly known as ‘2face' or ‘2baba' from last Monday's nationwide protest against the Federal Government, shocked his fans, whose moods were already on the upswing to join him in presenting a ‘yellow card' to the government over the level of hardship in the country. Before then, 2face had identified with the protest to the extent that his name became synonymous with it. He was the focus of everyone who was concerned about the protest — promoters, antagonists and security agencies. Even the original initiators of the march, Enough is Enough, took a back backstage at some point and it was 2baba all the way.
In a statement he issued on Tuesday, January 31, where modalities for the protest were outlined, the hip-hop star declared: “The people have hoped for a better Nigeria since 1999 but things are not getting any better for the majority. We are still where we are – poor and desperate. I will no longer be quiet.”
But he chose to remain quiet at the eleventh hour. Who then silenced him after such a firm declaration? And how? Was the simple, usual warning by the police “to employ every possible legal means for the maintenance of law and order; and for the protection of lives and property” against the protest enough to force the volunteer activist back to his shell? Well, the information he made available to the public was that the protest was “under serious threat of hijack” and as result, he and his partners decided to cancel it to avoid loss of lives. But his partners went ahead with the protest unhindered in Lagos and Abuja, and with no records of violence; giving credence to speculations that 2baba was only conscripted to give it a face.
Truth is that TuFace had no record of activism before now. His lyrics have mainly been about love and romance, from African Queen to Can't Hear You, The Best I Can Be, Let Somebody Love You, Kiss Of Life, Hate What You Do To Me, True Love, If Love Is A Crime, My Love and My Rainbow, among others. Those songs have brought him a lot of wealth, fame, comfort and international acclaim. So, why venture out from the opulent comfort his love songs have earned him into the rough and thorny path of activism? After all, Ernest Hemingway in his Men Without Women did point out that “the most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.” Yes, 2face dislikes the sufferings Nigerians are passing through today but he chose to obey that mean advice by Hemingway, and cut short his romance with activism when the people most needed it. His action reminds of the life and times of the late Afrobeat legend, Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, who used his music to speak against societal ills and champion the cause of the common man. If Fela were to be alive, and was involved, the protest would have served him an opportunity to release an instant ‘never-die' lyric on the Nigeria of our times to the delight of his fans. But it was in him, simple!
Born in Jos, Plateau State, 2baba is one of the most decorated and successful Afro pop artists in Africa. He is from the Idoma ethnic group in the southern part of Benue State. He attended Saint Gabriela's Secondary School in Makurdi, Benue State. He enrolled at Institute of Management and Technology (IMT), Enugu where he did his preliminary National Diploma course in Business Administration and Management. While at IMT, he started composing and singing jingles at the GB Fan Club at Enugu State Broadcasting Services (ESBS) in 1996. He performed at school-organised shows and parties, as well as other regional schools such as the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) and Enugu State University of Science and Technology (ESUT). He eventually dropped out to pursue his music career.
He later moved to Lagos and started performing with rapper Blackface Naija (Ahmedu Augustine Obiabo). With Blackface and Faze (Chibuzor Oji), he formed the band, Plantashun Boiz, and they released Body and Soul (2000) and Sold Out (2003). The group was disbanded in 2004 all band members pursued their separate musical careers. Since then, he has had a very successful musical career laced with many national and international awards.
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
"Skin is the most common organ in our bodies to be afflicted with cancer, and the majority of cases are thought to be associated with UV radiation," study author and dermatologist David Fisher said (AFP Photo/MARTIN BERNETTI)
Washington (AFP) - After 10 years of research, scientists have come up with a drug that could help people tan without exposure to the sun, potentially reducing the risk of skin cancer.
The drug stimulates cells that produce the pigment that absorbs ultra-violet light, the researchers said in the US journal Cell Reports published on Tuesday. They stressed that further tests are needed to safeguard against potential side-effects in humans.
Applied as a cream to the skin, the drug allowed red-haired mice to develop a deep tan. Like their pale-skinned human counterparts, the mice are particularly susceptible to the damaging effects of the sun's ultra-violet rays.
The original breakthrough in mice was announced more than a decade ago, in a study published in the British journal Nature in 2006. But it has taken scientists that much time to work out how to make much thicker human skin absorb the substance.
The initial report revealed that a substance called forskolin gave red-haired mice a deep tan without exposure to UV light. But because human skin is relatively hairless compared to animals', it has evolved to be much tougher in order to protect against heat, cold and other environmental factors, and the topical substance could not penetrate it effectively.
"Human skin is a very good barrier and is a formidable penetration challenge. Therefore, other topical approaches just did not work," said David Fisher, chief of dermatology at Massachusetts General Hospital, a professor of dermatology at Harvard Medical School, and one of the authors of the study.
"But 10 years later, we have come up with a solution. It's a different class of compounds, that work by targeting a different enzyme that converges on the same pathway that leads to pigmentation," he said.
The scientists tested the substance on samples of human skin kept in laboratories and found that it darkened in proportion to the dosage applied. The tan lasted several days.
In animal tests, red-haired mice became "almost jet black in a day or two with a strong enough dose," the researchers observed. When the dosage was removed, normal skin regeneration meant the color faded within a week or so.
"We believe the potential importance of this work is towards a novel strategy for skin cancer prevention," Fisher said.
"Skin is the most common organ in our bodies to be afflicted with cancer, and the majority of cases are thought to be associated with UV radiation," he said.
The long-term aim would be to create a cream that develops a tan without exposure to sunlight but which also absorbs harmful UV rays like traditional sun screens.
Related: 5 Ways to Get a Great Tan Safely
Watch news, TV and more Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
Israeli Arab MK Basel Ghattas has been barred from participating in all committees in Israel's Knesset, the legislature's ethics committee decided Monday,... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
SO OFTEN Easter Monday games deliver performances that are as appealing as a stale hot-cross bun.
However, Wakefield Trinity and Wigan Warriors conspired yesterday to produce an enthralling, hard-fought and suitably tense game which made a refreshing change at this time of year. The only problem for Wakefield was they did not manage to eke out a positive result against the reigning champions when their display warranted a point.
Wigan, who had won their fierce Good Friday derby with St Helens, infamously lost here 62-0 12 months ago but just had that little bit extra class at the critical moment this time around.
That said, it was not until young Wigan winger Liam Marshall grabbed his ninth try in seven games as late as the 77th minute – the only score of an absorbing second period – that the visitors could breathe easily.
Wakefield head coach Chris Chester had described his side as “soft” and “clueless” at times during the Good Friday defeat at Castleford when they trailed 36-12 at half-time. However, they were anything but here as they challenged the World Club champions across the park with energy, commitment and vigour.
“I thought we deserved something out of it,” he admitted. “They were two evenly-matched sides and to not come away with anything is disappointing.
I thought we were really physical and defended very well. If we keep playing like that, we will win more than we lose. Wakefield coach Chris Chester
“The effort was fantastic, we just lacked any real patience down their end. It was just the final pass and there were four or five penalties in the second half that really hurt us.”
The latter point was certainly true; it was one of those days when few of the 50/50 calls seemed to go Wakefield's way just when they needed a couple to do just that. Furthermore, they lost second-row Matty Ashurst to a calf tear inside the opening minutes and both fellow forwards Dean Hadley (shoulder) and Micth Allgood (suspected broken hand) departed early, too. Chester added: “We had to do it tough, losing a couple of bodies early doors. We ran out of fit blokes at the end but there are lots to be pleased about.
“I thought we were really physical and defended very well. If we keep playing like that, we will win more than we lose.”
Well-served by the likes of centre Mason Caton-Brown and hard-running prop Keegan Hirst, who both came into the side, and forceful winger Tom Johnstone, they were undoubtedly competitive throughout.
The hosts were the better side in the first half and unfortunate to be 12-10 down at the turnaround. The game was level at 6-6 when centre Anthony Gelling, in his 100th game for Wigan, was sin-binned for a dangerous tackle, lifting Caton-Brown's leg in the 29th minute before the centre nosedived back to the ground.
However, Allgood fumbled in the next set – something Wakefield did too often when they gained a good attacking position – and the visitors were let off the hook.
Instead, the champions, who had struggled for any decent strike chances aside from captain Sean O'Loughlin's fifth-minute converted opener, actually went ahead four minutes later when still down to 12 men.
Winger Thomas Davies made a fine kick return to get Wakefield on the backfoot and then England stand-off George Williams crabbed across field before turning back inside to find France full-back Morgan Escare flying though from halfway.
He showed great pace to round Scott Grix and converted his own try as well.
However, when Wakefield forced Wigan's Ryan Sutton into an error in the visitor's' own 20, this time they capitalised.
Liam Finn spread the ball wide for Grix to find enough space to supply Ben Jones-Bishop, the winger who finished well for his sixth try in just five games.
Finn failed to convert from wide out but Wakefield were clearly in the mood.
It was Finn who had kept the ball alive on the last tackle in the ninth minute to create their first try, Grix then finding Ashley Gibson who dinked a perfect grubber through for Grix to collect and twist out of Escare's tackle to score on his 200th Super League appearance.
Finn again could not add the extras but levelled the game with a 24th minute penalty.
In the second period, Wigan applied most of the pressure but Caton-Brown – in with Gibson for injured centres Joe Arundel and Bill Tupou – produced a timely tackle on Escare and then Wakefield rallied brilliantly to hold up Sam Powell.
It was not until after the hour mark they had any chance of note themselves but, first, Miller and, then, Wood, chose poor options near the Wigan line.
Wakefield Trinity: Grix; Jones-Bishop, Gibson, Caton-Brown, Johnstone; Miller, Finn; Huby, Wood, England, Ashurst, Hadley, Arona. Substitutes: Hirst, Allgood, Kirmond, Fifita.
Wigan Warriors: Escare; Davies, Gelling, Forsyth, Marshall; Williams, Leuluai; Flower, Powell, Tautai, J Tomkins, Farrell, O'Loughlin. Substitutes: Nuuausala, Sutton, Navarette, Gregson.
Referee: Jack Smith (Wigan)
One set of returns is straightforward: It is based on prices at the start of trading in New York at 9:30 a.m. to the market close at 4 p.m. The second set is, essentially, the reverse: It is price returns from the 4 p.m. close to the market opening at 9:30 a.m. the following day.
Because stock prices at the market open tend to be higher than the price at the previous day's close, you don't actually have to stay up all night and trade on an electronic network to rack up overnight gains. Simply holding shares while you sleep will do it. So for buy-and-hold investors, these findings are particularly encouraging: Get your rest, ignore the temptation to trade and you can do just fine.
The new Bespoke analysis focuses on the returns of the first exchange-traded fund in the United States: the SPY or SPDR S&P 500 E.T.F., which started trading on Jan. 29, 1993. That E.T.F. mirrors the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, which often serves as a proxy for the entire stock market (though it actually represents only 500 of the biggest companies).
The SPY's overall price gain from its inception through January has been stupendous: 541 percent cumulatively, not counting dividends, Bespoke says.
But look more closely, as Bespoke did, and a remarkable fact emerges.
Separate the daytime and the after-hour returns and calculate them cumulatively, as Bespoke has done, and it turns out that all of that price gain since 1993 has come outside regular trading hours.
If you had bought the SPY at the last second of trading on each business day since 1993 and sold at the market open the next day — capturing all of the net after-hour gains — your cumulative price gain would be 571 percent.
On the other hand, if you had done the reverse, buying the E.T.F. at the first second of regular trading every morning at 9:30 a.m. and selling at the 4 p.m. close, you would be down 4.4 percent since 1993.
Profiting After the Market Closes Since 1993, all of the S.& P. 500's gains have occurred outside regular trading hours, which run from 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Eastern time. % 600 400 200 0 Outside regular hours 1993 2003 2013 % 600 400 200 0 Outside regular hours 1993 2003 2013
For 25 years, in other words, the daytime has been a net loss. To paraphrase Ray Charles, the nighttime has been the right time to be invested in the stock market.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One implication is immediate. “Forget about the news and the market ups and downs during the day,” said Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke. “They are nowhere close to what they are cracked up to be.” In fact, he said, most people are better off if they just sit tight.
Buying and holding the overall market — using an E.T.F. like the SPY, or a traditional index mutual fund, or a very diversified portfolio of stocks — has been an extremely profitable strategy if you stuck to it for the last 25 years. On the other hand, buying and selling during the day has generally been a money-losing strategy — one that would have been far more painful if you had traded frequently, incurring steep costs, which would have compounded your losses.
That said, there are plenty of exceptions to these general statements.
Many individuals and institutions have made tons of money through short-term trading during regular trading hours, even if investors over all have not. Furthermore, the steadily rising stock market in the 12 months through January has been better in the daytime than it has been historically — posting gains in the SPY during regular trading hours of 9.2 percent. Still, the overnight gains have been much better: 13.4 percent over the same period. The gap in returns has endured.
Why it has done so is the subject of speculation. “We've got hypotheses,” said Michael Kelly, a finance professor at Lafayette College, who has studied the issue. “But we don't really know why it happens.”
One possibility, he said, is that frequent traders laboring under the “illusion of control” believe that they can respond easily to information and events during the day but can't do so as easily after hours, when there are far fewer market participants and less money, or “liquidity,” involved in trading. “People may be inclined to sell at the market close so they can feel in control of their money overnight,” he said.
There is some evidence that smaller traders are prey to this tendency and tend to sell late in the day — and that some big institutional traders, who are well aware of the day-night gap, tend instead to buy at the close and sell at the open.
Because relatively few people actually trade after the market closes, orders tend to build up overnight, and in a rising market, that will produce an upward price surge when the market opens. But during extended declines, overnight sell orders may cause prices to plummet when the market opens.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If there were no trading costs — possible in a thought experiment but not in the real world — an excellent strategy over the last few decades would have been buying shares at the last possible moment during regular trading hours and selling them methodically at the opening bell every day, Professor Gulen of Purdue said.
While transaction costs make that strategy uneconomical, he said, the concept may still have a certain value. “If you do know that you are going to make a trade on a given day, and you have the ability to choose when you do it, you might be able to take advantage of this pattern — buying late in the day and selling early.” Of course, the pattern doesn't hold every single day, and you could easily be disappointed.
Part of the gap in returns can be probably be explained by the human tendency to panic at bad news, Professor Kelly said. “That panic seems to happen during the day,” he said. “One advantage of not trading during the day is that you aren't as likely to participate in panicky selling.”
His data shows that during the bear market year of 2008, the overall market, as represented by the SPY E.T.F., declined 36.8 percent. But most of the damage occurred during the day, with losses of 26.7 percent, compared with only 13.8 percent overnight.
But further study needs to be done before the mystery of the day-night gap is unraveled, he said.
In the meantime, Mr. Hickey said, “If you are tempted to day-trade, this is another argument for not doing it,” he said. “And trading after hours is in some ways, even riskier, because with fewer people in the market, prices can be erratic.”
Slow and steady investing generally avoids these problems. And over long periods, it has paid off. Frequent trading generally has not, either night or day.
A 20-year-old Bethlehem man brought a shotgun to a meeting with his former girlfriend about a $15 debt, authorities report.
Jesus Antonio Cortes, of the 1600 block of Hastings Road, was charged with simple assault and harassment/domestic violence after the incident about 10:40 p.m. Sunday near Woodbine and Bayard streets, city police said.
He was arraigned at 8 a.m. Monday before District Judge James Narlesy and sent in lieu of $20,000 bail to Northampton County Prison, where he remained later in the morning, records show.
When the victim arrived for the meeting, she parked and was about to go see Cortes when she heard other people say he had a shotgun, police said.
She then saw Cortes with the weapon next to his vehicle and feared "for her safety due to numerous prior domestic assaults," police said. She also was worried about the safety of her children, who she got out of Cortes' car and fled, police said.
Cortes and the victim have a child together, police said.
Court papers did not list an attorney for Cortes.
Cortes' preliminary hearing is tentatively scheduled 9 am. Aug. 28 at the district court on Stefko Boulevard.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
French federation president tips Zidane for future France job
The president of the French Football Federation has said he expects Zinedine Zidane to eventually manage France.
“That is a logical continuation. It is likely that one day he will be interested,” Noel Le Graet told RMC radio on Wednesday when asked about the prospect of Zidane coaching Les Bleus in the future.
The 44-year-old, who was the star of the France teams that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000, is fresh from a stunningly successful first full season in charge of Real Madrid.
The Spanish giants, where Zidane finished his playing career, retained the Champions League title having pipped Barcelona to take the crown in La Liga for the first time since 2012.
“For the moment I think he still has a lot to give to Real and the club suits him perfectly,” added Le Graet, surprised by his rapid rise.
“I can't believe what he is doing. I spoke to him two or three years ago, and at the time I was strongly advising him to go to Bordeaux or somewhere else, to start his career at a Ligue 1 club or somewhere more modest.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Aamna Sharif, who was seen in one of the most popular Star Plus serial 'Kahin Naa Kahin Toh Hoga' has made a mark with her performance in Television. The hot and sexy actress had featured in many commercial advertisements and had starred in a few films. Check out some of the hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Aamna Sharif.
Aamna Sharif, the beautiful girl that many households have followed in the Star Plus popular serial ‘Kahin Na Kahin to Hoga' has been out of sight for a while. However, Aamna who is known for her grace and beauty is one of the sexiest actors' in the Television. The diva had captivated millions with her sexy and hot avatar and with her performance onscreen.
Amna Sharif was most popular for her character Kashish Grewal from her TV show ‘Somewhere Haga'. Amna Sharif is known to be active on social media who shares her hot bold and sexy photos. Born on July 16, 1982 in Mumbai, the beautiful actress started her career with modelling and had worked with many cosmetic and fashion brands.
The actress completed her studies from Mumbai and was in the relationship with producer Amit Kapoor for a long time. She later got married to Amit in the year 2013 and has a son named Aryan Kapoor.
ALSO READ: Maria Miri Domark photos: 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Maria Miri Domark
On the work front had featured in video songs such as in Kumar Sanu's “Dil Ki Alam” and “Aashiqui Music” video, in Phalguni Pathak's “Kisin Kya Kadne Jaadu”. Amna had also starred in Abhijeet's “Chalenge Lagya Hai Haiyya”, and “Daher Mehndi's ” “Aeh Le 100 Rupiya” and “Shank Ki Nachana Kamal” in the year 2002. Check out some of the hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Aamna Sharif:
ALSO READ: Gizele Thakral photos: 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Gizele Thakral
ALSO READ: Poppy Haskell photos: 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Poppy Haskell
Priceless ❤❤❤ A post shared by aamna sharif (@aamnasharifofficial) on Jan 27, 2017 at 8:53am PST
All set for some Adrenaline Rush !!! A post shared by aamna sharif (@aamnasharifofficial) on Jan 3, 2017 at 12:23am PST
A post shared by aamna sharif (@aamnasharifofficial) on Jan 1, 2018 at 7:47am PST
A post shared by aamna sharif (@aamnasharifofficial) on Jan 6, 2018 at 12:23am PST
A post shared by aamna sharif (@aamnasharifofficial) on Oct 20, 2017 at 2:53pm PDT
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
CHARLESTON, S.C. — A 16-year-old arrested and sent to a juvenile jail after police said he was selling sweetgrass roses without a permit at a popular South Carolina market would have just been taken home if he hadn't fought with an officer, Charleston's police chief said.
The white officer had noted the black teen selling the art, called Palmetto Roses, for several weeks as he walked in traffic near Charleston's City Market, according to a police report.
The 16-year-old fought with the officer Monday afternoon and it took several witnesses to get the teen in custody, Charleston Police Chief Luther Reynolds said.
The teen was charged with breaking a city ordinance requiring a license to sell Palmetto Roses. Charleston created the Palmetto Artisan Program a decade ago to regulate selling the art.
Video of parts of the struggle between the officer and the teen were posted to social media sites, some praising the officer and other posts suggesting he was using excessive force.
“This isn't the outcome that we want, but from what I have learned thus far I think the officer handled this situation appropriately considering the difficult circumstances,” Reynolds said in a statement.
The teen's lawyer, Marvin Pendarvis, told The Post and Courier of Charleston the teen was released from juvenile jail Tuesday and there are conflicting stories about what happened.
“We are continuing to investigate the matter,” Pendarvis said. “It's my understanding that there's some conflicting testimony or statements. As we proceed further I want to make sure we do our best to represent this man.”
Charleston officers are told when they find teens selling the Palmetto Roses without a permit to take them home to their parents and issue a citation to show up in Family Court. But the attack on the officer prevented that from happening, Reynolds said.
“The young man made the unfortunate decision to resist the officer and this entire situation could have been completely avoided had he co-operated with the officer,” the police chief said.
Charleston officials said there are several spots available in the free Palmetto Artisan Program.
——
Information from: The Post and Courier, http://www.postandcourier.com
NOT TO BE MISSED: The Mary Valley Show starts 8am and goes until late on Saturday August 19, (less than a week away). And serious rodeo madness is only part of the fun as courageous and skilful contestants take part in a full range of events.
UPDATE: full details of Saturday's Mary Valley Show
HEAPS of entertainment, including rodeo and ring events with show jumping, novelty events and a pavilion full of the products of talented artists, crafts people and the artists of the kitchen, displaying some seriously brilliant country cooking, that is just part of the line-up for Imbil's big country show event of the year.
It would not be a country show without the wood chop competition.
Livestock displays include miniature goats, stud beef and a wide ranging program of poultry.
Sideshow entertainment and rides start with the Show's opening at 8am Saturday at the Imbil Showgrounds.
Market stalls open at 10.30am, which is also when the onboard entertainment starts to crank up.
KC Fireworks will put on the kind of amazing display its followers have come to expect, lighting up the sky from about 7.30pm.
The rodeo events, easier to watch than to do, promise to take spectators to new heights of apprehension and excitement in a thrilling series of competitive events, featuring prize money totalling more than $5000.
Organisers warn that all horses entering the grounds must have completed a health declaration.
Rodeo events include team roping, rope and tie, steer wrestling, ladies barrel race, ladies breakaway roping, steer undecorating, bareback riding, the saddle ride, bull ride, junior barrel race (16 and under) junior bull ride, junior breakaway and junior poddy ride.
Ring events include three horse rings, show jumping, and novelty events.
Pavilion events will feature the finest entries from all around the Mary Valley in the fields of crafts, cooking, art and photography.
And you can enjoy a real and delightful Devonshire tea in the pavilion at the same time.
The woodchop event is conducted under the rules of the Queensland Axeman's Association and competitors who are association members should bring their membership card to gain free admission.
Miniature goats make a larger-than-miniature impression on the Show program, with 60 events for the goats themselves and the people who work with them. Only registered Australian miniature goats are eligible to enter and entries need to be signed in from 8am for judging at 9am.
The stud beef section features four events for bulls and four for females of varying age groups, junior and reserve junior champion bull and heifer events, senior champion bull and reserve grand champion bull and reserve, senior champion cow and reserve, grand champion female and supreme exhibit of the show.
There will also be the LED heifer section and events for junior paraders and judges.
For those inclined to get in a flap about poultry, and those who just like to have a look at some of the amazing variety of useful and beautiful birds on display, there are 65 events.
At the sideshow there will be dogem cars, a rock climbing wall, jumping castle, haunted house, bungee trampoline, aerialist, clowns, reptiles, animals, pony rides, side show, gold mining display and face painting
The Mary Valley Show Society was formed in 1919 and has kept on keeping on all those years because it is the real deal as far as country shows are concerned.
The show opens at 8am.
LFTZ: Catalyst for real estate market, urban growth
The United Nations projects that Nigeria's population will cross the 250 million mark by 2030. An estimated 10th of this figure will live and work in Lagos in an estimated area of 356,861 hectares of which 75,755 are wetlands. To the Lekki Free Zone (LFTZ), this presents development opportunities for real estate developers. Through the LFTZ, the host communities are also being transformed into a new haven for the upwardly-mobile. MUYIWA LUCAS writes.
About a decade ago, Mr. Anthony Konyeaso, an engineer, declined an investment offer in real estate in Ajah area of Lagos State. His refusal to buy a plot of land in that region then was quite understandable given the difficulty of accessing the area and infrastructural deficit in the region.
But things are changing now on the axis. Just about a month ago, Konyeaso became the last of a close circle of eight friends, all middle-aged professionals, to relocate from Surulere to Ibeju-Lekki axis of the state.
The group typifies a slow but growing exodus of middle-income earners from the Lagos Mainland to Island communities, now considered affordable to either build or rent residential apartments. Such movement is being hastened by the relief of commuting along this corridor, which hitherto posed a hydra-headed problem for residents and workers on the Lagos Island.
The rush
“The major works done by the state government on the Lekki-Epe Expressway has reduced the traffic congestion that used to be a problem for people living after Ajah,” explained Konyeaso.
This, he further explained, is why several undeveloped estates in that area have suddenly experienced rapid development of houses. Besides, he noted that houses that used to be unoccupied in the area were now being filled as more people move in.
Indeed, such is the rush to the Ibeju-Lekki corridor for realtors and other property owners, now positioning for the mega opportunities offered by the axis. While many see the area as the ‘new Lagos', Konyeaso is convinced that the stimulant for the surge in real estate development in the region is based on the Lekki Free Trade Zone (LFTZ).
His position on this may not be wrong. For any gigantic project comes with several opportunities. The LFTZ, an ambitious 16,500-hectare business hub, is a joint venture between the state government and private investors. It is expected to create an estimated 300,000 jobs and significantly boost the state's gross domestic product (GDP).
LFTZ investments
According to the Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and Cooperatives, Rotimi Ogunleye, the net value of infrastructure at the zone stands at $4 billion. He also revealed that 116 investors had registered with the zone; with 16 already operational. “The Lagos State Government has, in the last two years, released N698.47 million as part of the state's equity contribution to the joint venture,” he said.
To further boost its commitment to the project, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode last March pledged to accelerate financial commitments to the zone. And to match his words with actions, Ambode announced an additional $62 million funding to be released to the project over the next six months. This is to be borne by the government and the China Africa Lekki Investment Limited, one of the partners on the project. The government's commitment to start work on the Lekki Deep Sea Port as well as critical roads in the zone has been welcomed by investors in the zone and this is expected to accelerate investments going on in the zone. Dangote Group, which is the biggest private investor in the zone, is said to have invested about $4 billion in its refinery, fertiliser processing plant, gas pipeline project and a petro-chemical plant projects so far.
Rising estate development
The massive scale of these projects has already spurred a spike in real estate value within the Ibeju-Lekki axis as developers scramble to provide housing to the estimated 1,000 workers on the projects. During a business luncheon in Lagos, the Nigerian Institute of Estate Surveyors and Valuers (NIESV) urged its members to take advantage of the opportunities in the zone by investing in real estate development within the area.
“The times are very exciting for us as real estate developers and residents here because we cannot even stop dreaming of the opportunities it will bring to this area when completed. At present, our property business is on the upswing, so can you imagine what it will be like when the LFTZ is operational?” asked Sunday Michaels, a developer in one of the estates along the corridor.
He admitted that the opportunities, such as the growing real estate development in the Ibeju-Lekki region, had been triggered by the potential of the LFTZ. Besides, Michaels explained that “traffic is easier; the air seems cleaner here; and, most importantly, everyone is talking business opportunities that may arise because of the zone''.
However, experts warned that there was work to be done to sustain the excitement in the zone and ensure that the objectives were realised. The proposed sea and airports as well as access roads to the zone, were critical to the success of the project. The objective of free trade zones is to spur manufacturing and export of such goods to boost the contribution of goods exports to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
The Lagos Free Zone is expected to be Nigeria's biggest example of this. Ambode has so far shown that he realises this and is committed to facilitating these critical enablers. “It is clear that we have to dualise the Lekki-Eleko Road beyond the zone to withstand the influx of vehicles that will be making use of the road to access the zone. With this, we will be able to sustain the investments in the area,” he sai.
Needed expertise
While the zone, undoubtedly, presents immense opportunities to all stakeholders, it has also faced criticisms from experts as being too undefined. This is an area that the state government and urban development investors in the zone are working to address.
One of the private investors in the zone, Rendeavour Nigeria Limited, which specialises in unique satellite city concepts, seems to have shown promise on what real estate development should be in such areas.
The firm, a force in Africa's urban land development, has invested in about 30,000 acres across Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is, therefore, instructive that Rendeavour has committed to developing 1,000 hectares within the LFTZ, with provision of critical infrastructure that would further aid urban development in the axis.
Alluding to the efforts and initiatives of his firm, Rendeavour's Head of West Africa Operations, Mr. Yomi Ademola, said the firm's efforts in other countries where testify to its credibility. He explained that a 5,000-acre city in Tatu, Kenya being handled by the firm is the country's second largest project. The project, he explained, has attracted thousands of residents as well as foreign firms looking for manufacturing area in well-developed and managed spaces.
“In Nigeria, specifically in Abuja and Lagos, we plan to replicate what we have done elsewhere, which is to invest in helping create world-class infrastructure that will help sustain and accelerate economic growth, meet the aspirations of a burgeoning middle class and serve as a catalyst for urban development,” Ademola added.
The post LFTZ: Catalyst for real estate market, urban growth appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
The Colorado native called the matchup between the Rockies and the San Diego Padres at Coors Field on Monday -- the first female to do so in over 20 years.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — Samuel Woodward, who is charged with the killing of his former high school classmate, pleaded not guilty Friday in connection with the fatal stabbing of 19-year-old Blaze Bernstein, but questions remain over whether the defendant should be charged with a hate crime. Woodward, 20, entered his plea during an arraignment hearing in…
OTTAWA — Mexico's incoming president will introduce new uncertainty to discussions around the North American Free Trade Agreement, analysts say, and could even create Canada-Mexico divisions over U.S. demands on labour issues.
The election of Andrés Manuel López Obrador on July 1 is expected to have a muted response on NAFTA talks in the near term, but the populist leader could push back particularly hard on Washington's demands to introduce minimum wage standards to Mexico's auto industry — a move that could have a ripple effect on Canada-Mexico positions on NAFTA, observers say.
“I could see this becoming a wedge between Canada and Mexico,” said Toronto-based Riyaz Dattu, an international trade and investment lawyer at Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt.
U.S. officials were upset with Canada for refusing to take a hard position on Mexican labour issues, instead opting to remain aligned with Mexican negotiators.
Mexico's global auto exports totalled around $60 billion in 2017, or 15 per cent of its total exports.
The country's most consequential election in recent memory comes amid potentially devastating U.S. auto tariffs that could plunge all three NAFTA members into a recession, a Scotiabank report warned on Tuesday.
“In what we still view as an unlikely event that the U.S. imposes auto tariffs and the rest of the world responds, a trade war would quickly unfold that would push Canada into recession in the second half of 2019 and into 2020,” Scotiabank analysts wrote in a note. “The U.S. and Mexico would also be pushed into a recession by 2020, but the impact on the U.S. would be the mildest amongst the three ‘amigos'.”
Other uncertainties around Mexican energy reforms and rules-of-origin stipulations will also persist under López Obrador, whose initials have him known as AMLO.
The president-elect, for his part, struck a conciliatory tone during a television show after his election win, saying Mexico would “extend our open hand to look for a relationship of friendship with the U.S.”
He has said Mexico's current negotiators will remain in place after he takes office.
López Obrador espoused conflicting views on NAFTA during his election campaign, lauding its successes while also criticizing export-driven growth and its failure to improve the lives of Mexico's poor — a key constituency that voted him into power.
“I wouldn't say he's anti-NAFTA but he's certainly ambivalent,” said DJ Peterson, the founder of Longview Global Advisors based in Los Angeles.
The leader's protectionist views toward foreign investment and global trade are rooted in a broader discontentment felt by many Mexicans, Peterson said.
A move by U.S. President Donald Trump to scrap NAFTA could actually fuel a pro-AMLO movement in response, in turn driving down the value of the peso and pushing up exports.
“A really aggressive move by the United States could bring this latent nationalism front and centre,” he said.
Canada's envoy to the U.S., David MacNaughton, warned in February that Mexico's election could “provide some constraints” in NAFTA talks, and urged negotiators to come to an agreement before the July 1 election.
“It's not the end of the world — we will continue to negotiate as long as people want to negotiate — but I think it would be better for everyone if we could come to some agreement sooner than that,” MacNaughton told reporters at the time.
Most observers expect negotiations to remain muted in coming months, as the Mexican president-elect prepares to take office in December.
“NAFTA will remain in limbo, with limited advances in negotiations until next year,” Eurasia Group said in a July 1 note. “Talks may continue, but López Obrador will want to bring new issues to the negotiation. In the end, a deal will depend on the U.S., and we don't expect any flexibility from the Trump administration.”
Canada plans to push ahead with negotiations through the summer. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has said she spoke with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer six times last week and expects NAFTA talks to move into a higher gear this summer, according to a report by the Canadian Press.
On Monday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke with Lopez Obrador by phone, and the two discussed “mutually beneficial economic and trading relationship between the two countries, and their shared priority of updating the North American Free Trade Agreement for the betterment of their peoples,” Trudeau's office said in a statement.
Observers are also unclear over López Obrador's position on Mexican energy reforms, an area in which it competes directly with Canadian oil for market share on the U.S. Gulf Coast. He had initially been critical of former president Enrique Peña Nieto's plan to open several major Mexican oilfields to foreign investors, but later softened his stance.
Analysts at energy intelligence firm Wood Mackenzie said in a recent research note they expect the Mexican president to “recognise the need for future licensing and private investment throughout the energy value chain” and expect him to maintain much of the energy reforms.
Now that Mexico's presidential election is done, Ottawa wants negotiations on NAFTA to restart as soon as possible, one government official familiar with the plan said on condition of anonymity.
“Our priority has always been to conclude a mutually beneficial agreement as quickly as possible and that, I think, remains our goal,” said the official, who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
“That's what we're going to stay focused on. We'll see where it goes.”
With files from The Canadian Press
jsnyder@postmedia.com
Reps to investigate Nigeria's oil producing firm, NPDC
“NPDC is reported to be consistently ceding its core activities to third party private entities,” a lawmaker said.
The post Reps to investigate Nigeria's oil producing firm, NPDC appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From a Sunday night "love-in" to a "shocking" Silent Witness storyline, here's what YOU had to say about the biggest TV news stories from the past seven days
Here at RadioTimes.com we spend our week devouring all the TV there is on offer and sharing our recommendations with you, our wonderful reader.
Advertisement
But what did YOU, the viewing public, have to say about this week's biggest TV news stories and shows?
From Piers Morgan's interview with Donald Trump to David Tennant's Tenth Doctor revival, Silent Witness' shocking care home storyline to a seriously long wait for Sherlock's return to TV screens , here's what got you talking in the past seven days…
You kicked off the week by kicking off about Piers Morgan's interview with Donald Trump
"Feel like I've just watched two people engaging in foreplay and now I need to bleach my eyes and scrub my skin off…" Posted by Radio Times on Monday, January 29, 2018
“It was cringe-worthy” wrote David Thomson on Facebook of Morgan's exclusive sit-down with the President of The United States at Davos. “The most sycophantic interview I have ever lived through,” wrote Collins Chidimuro, “and I grew up on a diet of Robert Mugabe interviews with the Zimbabwe state broadcaster. Shameful.”
“They just seemed to be kissing each other's behinds,” noted John Wyres-Smith.
88% of readers said Morgan was too soft on the US President, but the Good Morning Britain presenter had his supporters too!
I think it's fair to say @piersmorgan brought the best out of @realDonaldTrump who came across better than expected in my view. Gripping stuff! #TrumpMorgan — Andrew Kidd (@AndrewJohnKidd) January 28, 2018
There was a LOT of love for David Tennant's Doctor Who revival
A must-watch for Doctor Who fans! Posted by Radio Times on Monday, January 29, 2018
A new clip was released by Tennant's wife Georgia (who appeared in the series as the Tenth Doctor's “daughter” Jenny) showing the Scottish actor returning to his most famous role for a special occasion, namely the emigration of old friend, Gary Russell, to Australia in 2013.
Nobody was complaining…
The definitive ranking of modern era Doctor Who is a series, however, caused quite the debate…
Calling all Doctor Who fans!We want YOU to decide which NuWho series is the BEST of all time. Posted by Radio Times on Monday, January 29, 2018
Find out which series topped our reader poll here: The definitive ranking of Doctor Who is a series of the modern era
A serious Silent Witness storyline about care home abuse split the audience down the middle
What did you make of last night's Silent Witness? Posted by Radio Times on Tuesday, January 30, 2018
The plot of Monday night's episode of the long-running BBC drama revolved around the suspicious deaths of a number of people living in care homes, and quite a few people were unimpressed.
I love #silentwitness but tonight's episode was badly written, uncomfortable and the end was just not believable. — Sarah Craig (@SazCraig83) January 29, 2018
However, 68% of more than 3,000 readers polled by RadioTimes.com said they felt the storyline worked.
“I thought it was a powerful and brilliantly acted storyline” wrote Cheryl Boxall. “It was refreshing to see a script written from the point of view of people with disabilities rather than just our view of how disabled people react.”
And by the time the second part of the episode had aired on Tuesday, there was a LOT of praise for the series. “Well done Silent Witness for broaching this subject” wrote Lindsey McGibbon. “Working in the care sector it both shocked and moved me. Liz Carr was brilliant! Best episode of the series so far!”
Get the full story: Viewers praise Silent Witness conclusion after backlash to care home abuse storyline
Strictly Come Dancing fans were FURIOUS when Brendan Cole was axed from the show
Brendan has revealed he's in "shock" and that the news he's been dropped from BBC Strictly Come Dancing is still "raw" Posted by Radio Times on Tuesday, January 30, 2018
The 41-year-old dancer, who has starred in every single series of Strictly, made a tearful appearance on ITV's Lorraine to reveal that he will be absent when the BBC contest returns this autumn, after finding out at the end of last week that bosses had “made an editorial decision not to have me back on the show”.
“This is so unfair” wrote Sarah Burgess, who said Cole ” gives the show a little bit of an edge when he defends his celebrity partner” and urged the BBC to reverse the decision.
Brendan Cole is Mr Strictly……bad decision BBC the show will not be the same without him 😡 #StrictlyComeDancing — margaret fitzpatrick (@northwitch) January 30, 2018
She wasn't alone in her thinking. A whopping 79% of more than 2,500 RadioTimes.com readers polled said Strictly had made a mistake.
Everyone got VERY excited about the new series of Endeavour
Shaun Evans is back as a young Morse this Sunday Posted by Radio Times on Monday, January 29, 2018
Shaun Evans was back as the newly promoted Detective Sergeant Morse in the action-packed trailer for Endeavour series five, and fans were VERY happy to see him.
“I'm really looking forward to this, great acting and great stories,” wrote Diana Blake.
And there was a lorra lorra love for Roger Allam's DI Thursday.
Get the full story: Watch the new action-packed trailer for Endeavour series 5
Aidan Turner's teaser about Poldark series 4 was a big hit
The Irish actor teased a “tempestuous” and political series, which sees Ross heading for parliament and trying to rebuild his marriage after that dramatic series three finale.
Get the full story: Aidan Turner teases “tempestuous” and political Poldark series four
And you rather enjoyed a sneak peek behind the scenes at the Radio Times Covers Party
5 things we learned at the Radio Times Covers Party
But Steven Moffat's comments about the future of Sherlock broke quite a few hearts
Sherlock fans could be in for a long wait… Posted by Radio Times on Thursday, February 1, 2018
“I think maybe the time for a longer gap is upon us,” the Sherlock creator mused at the Radio Times Covers Party.
Some fans were very sad indeed.
This makes me so sad.. at least a 2 YEAR GAP before the next series?! 💔 https://t.co/dP2WghrtIL — Hannah Mead (@HannahMead_) February 2, 2018
😢😢😢 I love to see Sherlock. — Cristina Syberia (@cristisyberia) February 1, 2018
I feel like John right now! He waited for around 3 years for Sherlock so I guess we have to as well. pic.twitter.com/iHCRal8DgJ — Dee ⚡️ (@TheDeeWhoLived) February 2, 2018
Get the full story: Steven Moffat on Sherlock: “Maybe the time for a longer gap is upon us”
Advertisement
Keep up with all the latest TV and entertainment news by following Radio Times on Facebook and Twitter.
METAIRIE, La. -- Former Saints and Chargers receiver Robert Meachem began serving a 30-day jail sentence Monday after failing to pay nearly $400,000 in alimony and child support, according to court records in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana.
Meachem, 32, can be released once $100,000 has been paid to his ex-wife, Andrea Rhodes. The couple divorced in 2014 and agreed to split custody of their two children.
The New Orleans Advocate reported that a judge ruled Meachem owed $588,000 and had paid only about $200,000. Meachem made more than $20 million in his eight-year career.
But according to the Advocate and NOLA.com, Meachem testified that he believed much of his money had been taken by a former officer of one of his charitable foundations and another assistant, since he didn't pay enough attention to his bank balances.
Meachem said he had to borrow money from former NFL associates to get by.
According to NOLA.com, an attorney for Meachem's ex-wife claimed in a previous hearing that Meachem secretly took millions out of their joint accounts. Meachem was also fined $500 for failing to produce an assistant in court to testify about his finances. A judge also denied Meachem's request for a new trial.
Meachem, a first-round draft choice out of Tennessee in 2007, played a key role as a deep threat on the Saints' 2009 Super Bowl championship team. He had 178 catches for 2,914 yards and 29 total touchdowns in his career -- plus one touchdown in the playoffs.
Meachem signed a lucrative long-term deal with the Chargers in 2012 that included $14 million in guaranteed money, but was released after one disappointing season and returned to the Saints in 2013. Meachem last played in 2014.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Club Arvina hit the headlines last week as the new ‘super-VIP' club where tables come with a minimum spend of £750.
To celebrate the opening of Cheshire's latest luxury hangout the red carpet was rolled out as Cheshire's finest arrived in style for the launch party on Friday (March 16).
(Image: Couture Foto)
The paparazzis were out in force to capture the plethora of celebrities being chauffeured or arriving in their supercars for the glittering launch party of Club Arvina in the suburb of Hale.
Famous faces from the catwalk, stage, screen and sporting arenas were on the guest list – from footballers to TV stars.
Real Housewives of Cheshire stars Stacey Forsey, Seema Malhorta, Dawn and Ashley Ward and Nermina Pieters-Mekic partied the night away with Frodsham's Lady of the Manor Jude Cisse, Emmerdale's Adam Thomas, Hollyoaks actress Chelsee Healy and Love Island sweethearts Jessica Shears and Dom Lever.
The VIP guests were treated like royalty at the club which is run by Lenny Cunningham, former manager of Chester's Cruise nightclub .
Guests were greeted with a Champagne reception, and hair and make-up artists were on hand to provide touch-ups throughout the night.
Click on the image below for a full gallery of pictures from the launch:-
Club Arvina is the brainchild of Chris and Laura Bacon, of hospitality brand Living Ventures, and their business partner Steve Smethurst. They have spent thousands transforming the venue into a luxury club with a difference.
A new concept in high-end clubbing, guests walk into a high-end hair salon, where groups can enjoy a pre-party pamper before heading downstairs to Club Arvina where the action awaits.
No expense has been spared at the club which oozes class with a cool black and gold Prohibition theme.
At the launch, dazzling light and pyrotechnic displays, sax players and dance anthems from guest DJs got the party well and truly started, while podium dancers, doubling up as waitresses, wowed the crowds serving Club Arvina cocktails created by a team of talented mixologists.
(Image: Club Arvina)
Chris, originally from Tasmania, is a former judo champion and professional boxer before working indoor security for his brother, Living Ventures bar and restaurant empire founder Tim Bacon. He went on to launch his own security companies that he now runs with wife Laura.
And in launching Club Arvina, Chris is paying a touching tribute to his beloved brother Tim and his 11-year-old son Jett who both lost their battles with cancer within four days of each other in 2016.
Wanting the Bacon name to live on in their loved ones' memory, they launched the Arvina brand.
“Believe it or not, Arvina is the Latin name for bacon and this venture is our way of paying homage to both of them,” said Chris.
Jett and Tim would both be incredibly proud to see what the couple have achieved.
Chris said: “ I would like to say a big thank you for all the support from everyone who attended the launch. Wow – what a party! I hope we delivered the service and lived up to the hype.
“Arvina is a new brand and we will continue to get bigger and better.”
As well as Club Arvina, they have launched Concierge Arvina with businessman Carl Entwistle – a first-class concierge service to support busy, aspirational lifestyles.
And there's Hair Arvina, launched by Laura, specialising in luxury wigs, hairpieces made by super-stylish Laura herself using the best quality human hair.
The Arvina brand offers a taste of the high life in Hale, home to the rich and famous.
But although it caters for the wealthy (the very best tables will come with a £6,000 minimum spend), all are welcome as long as they are ‘nice people'.
“From the beginning of your night out until the very end,” added Laura, “the Arvina brand will look after you. That's the Arvina experience.”
(Image: Manchester evening news)
Situated on Ashley Road, Club Arvina will be open every Friday and Saturday night with an exclusive daytime pre-party every Saturday from 10am.
For the latest updates follow Arvina on Twitter @clubarvina, Instagram @clubarvina and Facebook at Club Arvina or call 0161 928 7036.
EDMONTON — An Edmonton man is dead after he walked into the path of a transit train.
Police say the 22-year-old man was wearing earbuds just before noon Friday morning when he was struck by the train as he walked across the tracks at a marked pedestrian crossing.
Sgt. Rick Evans says the man had stopped for an eastbound train to pass, but didn't hear the westbound train and walked into its path.
Police continue to investigate.
His name was not released.
RIMBEY, Alta. — Two old English bulldogs named Rocky and Jersey who were in a pickup that was stolen last week have been reunited with their owners after being found in central Alberta.
Jersey, a brown three-year-old female, and Rocky, a six-month-old black-and-white male, were in the cab when the truck was taken from outside a business in Edmonton on March 12.
The owner was inside for about 20 minutes and, when she came out, the vehicle was gone and there was nothing left but glass on the ground.
The truck, which was also hauling an all-terrain vehicle, was found on Friday morning in a rural area by Rimbey RCMP.
Residents found Rocky and Jersey roaming around the next day.
They were unharmed.
No suspects are in custody and police continue to investigate.
They say the stolen ATV has not been found. It's a black-and-yellow 2016 Can-Am DS 90 with Alberta plate GDA50.
Getty Image
New York City's transit system was rocked on Monday morning by a pipe-bomb explosion underneath the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. Beyond the breaking news phase of the incident, authorities and news outlets have revealed numerous details of interest. Here's what we know so far.
The Initial Response: The NYPD responded to the first explosion reports at around 7:30am EST. CNN first spoke with an eyewitness who commented upon the “cops at every entrance” into the subway station as the crowd fled the chaotic scene (which can be viewed on surveillance footage posted by the New York Times). The witness told CNN that he had heard “two distinct explosions” while listening to music on headphones. However, NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio has stated that only one explosive device was discovered by first responders and investigators who subsequently arrived. The NYPD has stated that they are beefing up law enforcement's presence throughout the city, but as of now, there are no other “specific or credible threats” against NYC.
Multiple People Injured, Including The Suspect: Four people sustained injuries that were “non-life threatening” in nature during the explosion. This number includes three bystanders and the suspect, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi male, Akayed Ullah, who is a Brooklyn resident and reportedly “acted in the name of ISIS.” The NYPD revealed that Ullah's injuries were more severe than the rest — which is an expected outcome, given that that he was attempting a suicide bombing — and include burns and trauma to his abdominal region.
A “Terror-Related” Incident: NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill swiftly declared this to be a “terror-related incident.” Ullah reportedly used a “crudely-made pipe bomb” to carry out his attempted suicide bombing, and authorities believe that he was “inspired” by ISIS but haven't determined whether he's tied to a terror cell of the Islamic State, although further details will inevitably surface from within law enforcement interviews.
Clues From The Explosive Device: Likewise, a further examination of the explosive device should reveal whether Ullah built it on his own or with the help of others. As of now, Police Commissioner James O'Neill has told reporters that Ullah appears to have used an “improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body.” He intentionally detonated the device and, according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller, Ullah used “Velcro and zip ties” to strap the explosive to his body.
A “Game Changer” Of An Attack: CBS New York spoke with a security expert named Manny Gomez, who says that this incident could transform terror attacks as the United States knows them. “This is something that is a game changer,” said Gomez said. “If we're going to have suicide bombers here like we've had overseas, that is going to be a problem because obviously … that's never happened in the continental U.S. If they are successful in recruiting suicide bombers, we're going to have a problem.” Indeed and as Gomez added, if terrorists who are intent upon taking their own lives become a regular fixture, police will have realized “one of their worst fears.”
This is a developing story, and we will provide additional details as they arrive.
LONDON (AP) — A British judge has handed a prison sentence to a homeless man who admitted stealing from victims of the Manchester Arena bombing while pretending to help them.
Chris Parker received worldwide renown after claiming to have helped comfort the injured and the dying after suicide bomber Salman Abedi detonated a bomb at the end of an Ariana Grande concert on May 22, killing 22 people.
Though first praised as a hero, closed-circuit TV footage showed the 33-year-old Parker stealing a purse and mobile phone from victims.
In sentencing Parker to four years and three months, Judge David Hernandez said it was hard to imagine a "more reprehensible set of circumstances."
Hernandez told Parker: "You were not the hero you pretended to be, you were just a common thief."
POLAND, Ohio (WYTV) – A new date has been set for a meeting to talk about the proposed roundabout at the “5 Points” intersection on Western Reserve Road in Poland.
It will take place on Thursday, January 11 from 5 to 7 p.m. at New Life Christian Church, which is located at the intersection. There will be a presentation at 5:45.
5 Points is the intersection of Western Reserve, Springfield, and North Lima roads that splits off into five legs with five stop signs. Engineers say it's a confusing intersection that often gets congested during peak traffic times.
They say a roundabout will be more efficient.
Construction is scheduled to begin in the spring of 2019 at an estimated cost of $1,556,000.
Community members are invited to bring questions and concerns to the meeting, or come to just learn more about the project.
If you are unable to attend the meeting, visit the Mahoning County Engineers Office's website for meeting materials and information. You can also submit any questions to Mike Stipetich at MStipetich@mahoningcountyoh.gov.
The original date for the meeting was this Thursday but it had to be postponed.
(WVTM/NBC News) A University of Alabama student is making good on a Twitter promise.
Kelsey Hall posted a picture of herself in a Christmas tree costume, saying she would wear the outfit for the remainder of the semester if she received 1,000 retweets.
She quickly received 30,000.
As promised, she has been wearing the festive piece, but says all the attention is kind of getting to her.
“It's been a little stressful,” Hall says. “You know, having everyone like tagging me in things and calling me. And people wanting interviews and stuff.”
After this experience, Hall says she will probably think long and hard about posting any more challenges to social media.
Click here to read more.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
PHILADELPHIA — The Latest on the appeals of two former allies of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who were convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case (all times local):
Noon
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case say their actions didn't violate federal law.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly argued in federal appeals court on Tuesday that their 2016 convictions should be thrown out because the government misapplied the law when it charged them.
They were convicted in 2016 on fraud, conspiracy and civil rights counts for causing traffic jams to punish a New Jersey mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election.
Baroni faces 24 months in prison, and Kelly faces 18 months.
Their attorneys argued Tuesday that the indictment against them was flawed because there is no recognized right to intrastate travel and because the lane realignment didn't benefit them personally.
——
12:05 a.m.
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will try and convince a federal appeals court their convictions in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case should be reversed.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly are scheduled to argue in court on Tuesday in Philadelphia.
They were convicted in 2016 of carrying out a plot to cause massive traffic jams at the bridge connecting New Jersey and New York to punish a mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election in 2013.
The plot's architect was former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein, a high school acquaintance of Christie's. He pleaded guilty and testified against Baroni and Kelly.
Christie wasn't charged, but the scandal torpedoed his presidential aspirations in the 2016 Republican primary.
It was supposed to be almost done by now, but the sprawling construction project along San Francisco's Van Ness corridor just hit another 5-month delay."Van Ness is a very old street," explained San Francisco transportation director Ed Reiskin. "Unfortunately, we're finding a lot of things we didn't know were there. And when we do find things, we have to stop."In this case, Reiskin said workers uncovered utility lines. No one knows who they belong to, or if they're still being used."We don't know if it's safe to remove them, we don't know if there's live gas or live electric," Reiskin said.It means workers have to dig around the utility lines by hand -- which takes more time. And that doesn't sit well with merchants who've already suffered a loss of customers."As soon as they closed down the streets on Van Ness, our business dropped," said Eddie Martin, general manager of lunchtime staple Tommy's Joynt. "The biggest complaint people said is they can't park here. They love Tommy's Joynt, they want to come, they want to come more often, but they don't do it anymore."Patience is even running thin in a spot you wouldn't expect: another construction site. It turns out all the digging has been a major headache for the crew working to build a new hospital at Van Ness and Geary.'We get a delivery, we can't accept or get our deliveries," said sheet metal worker David Ysaguirre.He's hardly thrilled the city now says the work will continue until the fall of 2020.Reiskin said the city is working with businesses to soften the impact."It'll be a much more pleasant and safer environment for everybody, and people who are on transit will get up and down the corridor much, much faster," when the project is complete, Reiskin said.In short, the city promises the new Van Ness will be worth the wait.
Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
"In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail," he said. "Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict."
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said he was not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
"For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level," Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, his climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
———
AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
This month's Mark Twain Library Small Business Circle takes networking to a new level when it tosses standard networking questions and replaces them with interesting and fun conversation starters.
The networking evening is part of the monthly discussion group Behind the Business Card on Tuesday, Feb. 21, from 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. at the Mark Twain Library.
“Networking needs to be fun,“ said program chair Terry Karpen. “But it can be hard to enter a room of unfamiliar faces and strike up a conversation. We're going to change that.”
Everyone who attends will be given a card with networking questions that go beyond the usual.
“We'd love you to share the biggest thing you're working on at the moment or the most unique aspect of what you do,” said Karpen. “We're making the discussion easy by giving you conversation starters, and I promise you'll get to know people by the time you leave.”
Behind the Business Card is a monthly series of lively roundtable discussions designed to build relationships and enable people to exchange ideas with other small business professionals. Meetings are held the third Tuesday of every month. Refreshments will be served. Register at marktwainlibrary.org or at the library, or call 203-938-2545.
Small Business Circle membership is free. Add your local small business to the Small Business Directory. Learn more or sign up at www.marktwainlibrary.org.
El-rufai's Kaduna govt. introduces residency card
The Mallam Nasir el-Rufai-led Kaduna State Government, on Wednesday, formally announced the introduction of residency card for all its residents to enable it plan and provide social services.
The state's Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Alhaji Muhammad Abdullahi, told newsmen that the initiative was crucial for planning purposes.
He spoke shortly after he was registered for the card at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission (NIMC) in Kaduna.
He said: “Kaduna State Government is currently providing a number of free social services for the people in the state.
“But to achieve the desired impact, we need to have the accurate figure of those residing in the state. We need to know who and who resides in our state and where.
“When we know the number of people residing in the state and where they are, it will help us to plan and provide better services and for all residents.''
He said people would soon be required to present their residency card before they could access such services.
“Kaduna state is open for everyone due to its strategic location, geographically, economically and politically.
“But if you are going to stay in the state beyond 180 days, you would be required to register and obtain our residency card.
“This is very important not only in planning, but also in ensuring security. We gathered that most of the security issues we are having in the state are caused by people from other states,” he said.
The commissioner explained that the registration exercise was being carried out in partnership with NIMC and open to all residents of all ages.
He appealed to everyone to come out en mass and get registered in the more than 31 centres across the state.
The NIMC North West Zonal Director, Mr. Oyesola Taiwo, explained that registration for the residency card was linked with the NIMC data base.
“The process is very easy, if you already have the national identification number, all you need to do is just to present the number and you will be captured immediately.
“In a situation that you do not have, the first step is to register for the national identification number, after, you will be captured for the state residency card, “he added.
Alhaji Idris Abdullahi, Chairman, Kaduna House of Assembly Committee on Budget and Planning, said that the exercise had legal backing and was appropriated for in the 2017 budget.
He enjoined all residents in the state to support the government in meeting their needs by coming out with their families, friends and relations to register.
The post El-rufai's Kaduna govt. introduces residency card appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mrs. Lynch, age 76, of Watertown, died Saturday afternoon Dec. 9, 2017 at her residence.
Born Sept. 29, 1941 in Dayton, she was the daughter of the late Doyle and Ellen Revis and was preceded in death by her brother, Doyle Revis.
Gail was a graduate of Rhea County High School and Draughons Business College and was a retired office manager at the Lebanon Housing Authority. She was an accomplished seamstress and attended the Round Lick Baptist Church. Gail will be remembered for her unconditional love and service to her family and friends.
She is survived by her husband, Joe Lynch; daughters, Terri (Charles) Davis, of Lebanon, Tammy (Steve) Cox, of Watertown, Jodi (Burgess) Grooms, of Lebanon; eight grandchildren; five great-grandchildren; and a sister, Faye Mincey, of Millington.
Pallbearers will be Charles Davis, Steve Cox, Burgess Grooms, Kris Patel, Randy Gwaltney, Randy Lamberson and Gerald Lamberson.
The family would like to express a special thank you to the Kindred Hospice team for the love they showed our mom and family.
Hunter Funeral Home in Watertown is in charge of arrangements, 615-237-9318.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Photo
NFL Network has suspended the analysts Marshall Faulk, Heath Evans and Ike Taylor “pending an investigation” into allegations of sexual harassment and assault, the network announced late Monday.
The allegations were made in a lawsuit by the former NFL Network employee Jami Cantor, who sued NFL Enterprises in Los Angeles Superior Court in October, alleging age and sex discrimination, sexual harassment and hostile work environment, among other complaints. Cantor worked as a wardrobe stylist for the network from 2006 until she was fired in October 2016.
On Monday, Cantor filed an amended complaint that more fully laid out the allegations of sexual harassment and assault against the three analysts, all former N.F.L. players.
In the complaint, Cantor says that Faulk, a Hall of Fame running back, asked personal questions about her sex life, fondled her and pulled out his genitals while demanding oral sex; that Evans, a former fullback, sent nude pictures and propositioned her; and that Taylor, a former cornerback, sent her a video that showed him masturbating.
“The supervisors knew about it, the supervisors observed it,” Cantor's lawyer, Laura Horton, said in an interview on Monday. “It was insidious in this particular environment.”
NFL Network declined to comment beyond its initial statement announcing the suspensions.
The lawsuit and suspensions were first reported by Bloomberg News.
92 mostly Nigerian migrants abandoned in Sahara
Authorities in Niger rescued 92 West African migrants last week abandoned by traffickers in the Sahara desert as they tried to cross into neighbouring Libya, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Wednesday. The impoverished West African country is a way station for migrants heading to Europe and some experts believe that more African migrants die in the Sahara than at sea. The 92 migrants, most of them Nigerian, were rescued on Friday by an IOM team and Nigerien soldiers, Giuseppe Loprete, head of the IOM mission in Niger, told Reuters.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Looking to expand his already sizable impact on his hometown, Chance The Rapper took to Facebook Live today to help the charitable organization Chicago Beyond announce a $2 million innovation challenge. The organization is accepting 90-second video submissions from people all over the country in hopes of getting great ideas to help support the young people of Chicago. “Submit the ideas,” Chance said. “We'd love to fund them as long as they positively impact the City of Chicago.”
“We're looking for ideas that support young people,” Chicago Beyond Managing Director Liz Dozier said. “Anything to do with education. Anything to support a safer community.”
According to their site, Chicago Beyond is described as, “a venture philanthropy fund that was created to transform the lives of young people by focusing on two critical issues — youth safety and educational attainment. We strive to identify disruptive and innovative ideas within these two areas to invest in, to learn from, and, most importantly, to grow.”
For those who are hoping to submit videos, head over to the official Chicago Beyond website. The deadline for submission is three weeks from today on July 7. “It's fully your guy's project,” Chance added. “We just want to fund it.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
New Zealand is ranked 28th out of 175 countries for the number of children that die before the age of five.
The report by Save the Children International covers children's poor health, malnutrition, exclusion from education, child labour, child marriage, early pregnancy and extreme violence.
Aotearoa comes in behind Australia (17), the United Kingdom (22), Poland (25) and Greece (27). First place is shared by Singapore and Slovenia.
New Zealand CEO Heidi Coetzee says while 28th might not sound that bad, New Zealand's child mortality statistics are appalling
“The report says that children from the poorest households are, on average twice as likely to die before the age of five as children from the richest households. In New Zealand children living in the most deprived areas are three times more likely to die than those living in the least deprived areas,” she says.
This year's Child and Youth Mortality Review report also found that Māori and Pacific children are more likely to die compared to children from other ethnic backgrounds, and poverty is a key driver in child deaths in New Zealand.
Coetzee is calling for more government support to protect children.
"While it's good that the government has promised a funding boost of $76.2 million over four years for family violence services, more needs to be done to prevent family violence happening in the first place with the aim of reducing the number of children harmed each year,” she says.
“All children have the right to have a safe, happy and fulfilled childhood."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mike Burton rolled back the years as he took on the mantle of head coach to lead Cheshire Phoenix to a thrilling 85-84 overtime win at Glasgow Rocks on Friday night.
The game, televised live on the BBC Sport website, was tied at 74-74 at the end of the fourth quarter but the Nix found an extra gear to sneak past a Glasgow side who have been riding high in the BBL this season.
Club chairman Burton, whose association with the club stretches back almost 30 years, had successful spells as head coach of the Chester Jets in the 1990s and 2000s and Friday's win was his third straight BBL win, albeit with 18 years, nine months and 26 days between them.
“I was really pleased, I really enjoyed the game and the players responded really well,” said Burton, who stepped in on an interim basis after the departure of Colin O'Reilly from the head coach role earlier in the month following a poor start to the season.
“I had two days to prepare them because they had a long break over Christmas. I put some different things on the floor for them and they executed, and they executed really well.
(Photo: Adam Day Photography)
“They played positive, they played aggressive and it was just a great day for the club, that's the most important thing.
“It was the first close game on television, so I would imagine the BBC will be happy!”
At Glasgow, the visitors had a six-man rotation but prevailed in the extra period for their fourth win of the season.
Frank Eaves led the way with 23 points in over 40 minutes of action as the Nix line-up logged heavy minutes in the absence of the injured Josh Wilcher.
The Rocks edged a low-scoring opening period and their advantage was cut to three points at the half-time break. Cheshire went on a 9-0 run in the third to take the lead, but Hayden Lescault pushed the home side back ahead going into the final period.
(Photo: Adam Day Photography)
A close final quarter ensued with the lead trading back and forth and with no score in the last two minutes, the game went to overtime.
Glasgow started with a 5-0 run but the visitors went on a 10-0 run to complete an impressive victory.
Cheshire Phoenix under-18s were finished second at tournament in Germany, losing in heartbreaking fashion in the final game in overtime.
The young Nix, who had Luke Gosney and Max Jones in their ranks, were beaten by Team Money Berlin, losing by a single point.
The space race between the U.S. and Soviet Union during the Cold War was a crucible of high technology, human perseverance and national pride.
Little felt the pressure more acutely than cosmonaut Aleksei Leonov. Fifty-two years ago last month, he became the first human to walk in space. Leonov spent more than 12 minutes outside his capsule, only to realize his suit had inflated and he couldn't move his arms to pull himself back toward his craft.
The Russian movie “The Spacewalker,” which premiered internationally earlier this month, recreates this and other harrowing tales of Leonov's fortitude during one of the riskiest expeditions in the history of space travel.
“The Spacewalker” immerses audiences in the experience of Leonov and his fellow cosmonaut Pavel Belyaev during their flight on the Voshod-2 on March 18-19, 1965. The five meters back to the spacecraft's gate became the most torturous walk of Leonov's life. And the manual re-entry and emergency landing Leonov and Belyaev later performed is a testament to the men's incredible will to live.
Read the entire article here, ‘The Spacewalker' Dramatizes World's First Spacewalk, Powered by NVIDIA Quadro
via the fine folks at NVIDIA.
Students who qualify for admission with the California State University system but are turned away by one or more of its 23 campuses would be guaranteed a slot elsewhere under a proposed state budget.
The policy is similar to a guarantee offered by the University of California, which offers high school graduates who qualify for admission but are rejected a spot on another UC campus, typically UC Merced.
The CSU guarantee is part of the $125 billion budget agreed on by Gov. Jerry Brown and legislative leaders Tuesday. It heads next to the state Senate and Assembly on Thursday for approval and then would go back to Brown for his signature.
Cal State trustees would have until May to approve a policy that details how qualified students who were denied admission to one or more full campuses are redirected to those with room.
“We want to make sure every CSU-eligible student gets admitted to somewhere in the CSU system,” Assemblyman Phil Ting, D-San Francisco, said Wednesday. He is chairman of the Assembly's Budget Committee.
CSU spokeswoman Toni Molle said officials need to “carefully evaluate all options to ensure the outcome is authentic access for current and prospective students. It's important that any policy change leads to a better outcome.”
Last fall, 31,000 students who qualified to the CSU were denied admission because of a lack of space.
Maggie White, a CSU student trustee and the incoming president for the California State Student Association, said she's excited to see the issue addressed but is concerned that legislators are pushing for a new policy “instead of more funding.”
“My big worry is that students who were planning to stay and live at home and stay with their families won't be able to,” said White, who is getting a master's degree at CSU Stanislaus and commutes from her family home in Modesto.
CSU, with some 479,000 students across its 23 campuses and eight off-campus centers, is the nation's largest four-year public university system. The proposed 2017-18 budget includes an additional $20.5 million to enroll nearly 2,500 more students.
Also under the new budget, CSU trustees would refine a policy requiring campuses to provide admission priority to local students. Some campuses already give priority to students living nearby.
Cal State Fullerton, for example, where every program has more qualified applicants than available spaces, gives priority to students from Orange County, Chino, Corona/Norco, Walnut, Whittier and the Alvord School District.
Cal State Long Beach, which also has an abundance of applicants, guarantees admission to qualified Long Beach students through a program called the Long Beach Promise.
Vincent Cirrincione, a Hollywood manager who has represented actors like Halle Berry and Taraji P. Henson, has been accused of sexual misconduct by nine women, Washington Post reports. According to the women interviewed by the Post, Cirrincione leveraged the fact that women of color are underrepresented in television and film roles to prey on them, suggesting he could make them the next Berry in exchange for sexual favors. Of the accusers interviewed, eight are black women and one is Asian. Six of the women chose to remain anonymous.
Tamika Lamison, an actress and producer, described a meeting she had in a hotel suite with Cirrincione in 1996. Lamison said that Cirrincione put a call with Berry on speakerphone prior to their meeting, and when the call was over, forcefully kissed her as she recited a poem. She said he then told her that he would represent her if she was willing to have sex with him any time he wanted. Lamison said she balked at that offer and left.
Two other women told the Post that Cirrincione declined to represent them after they refused his advances. Another actress claimed that he masturbated in front of her while he represented her. Six of these women say they abandoned their acting aspirations entirely after enduring alleged harassment from the now 70-year-old power broker. The allegations span a period of 18 years, from 1993 to 2011. From WaPo:
Another actress who met Cirrincione in 2005 during the Los Angeles premiere party of “Hustle & Flow,” featuring Henson, said the manager invited her to audition for him. She was 36 at the time, with no television or film credits. She said he told her during her audition that he was the only manager who knew what to do with black actresses. She said he told her he could change her life if he signed her — just as he had for Berry and Henson. Then she said he propositioned her, saying that would be part of their business deal. She told him she was not interested. The woman's sister and then-boyfriend said she described the incident to them immediately after it occurred.
In 2015, Berry parted ways with Cirrincione in a split that was described as “amicable.” When reached for comment by the Post, the Oscar winner said that she ended their over 20-year working relationship when she says she heard a woman on a radio program attribute “her worst casting couch experience” to “Halle Berry's manager.”
“That news literally stopped me in my tracks. I immediately confronted Vince about it, and he denied it completely. But even with his denial, something didn't feel right in my spirit, and with the possibility that it could be true, I immediately ended our over-25-year relationship,” Berry said. Berry did not hear the woman's name and could not remember the radio program, according to her representative.
Henson told the Post that she had not been harassed by Cirrincione since hiring him to represent her:
“I've never had any issue with this on any level,” Henson said. “He totally respected me.” Henson, who produced and stars in the new action film “Proud Mary,” said she regarded Cirrincione as a “father figure” who helped her rise in Hollywood. She said he would at times pay for her rent, child-care fees and later, her son's school tuition. “He saw a single mother trying to make her dreams come true, and he nurtured that,” Henson said. “He wrote checks and wouldn't ask for anything in return. It wasn't coming from a creepy place. If anything, it empowered me. Like this man believes in me. I love him for that.”
Cirrincione, who is not the subject of any criminal charges nor civil litigation related to the alleged misconduct, issued a denial in which he admits to engaging in sexual relationships, but insists they were all consensual. What he doesn't do is acknowledge the tacit power imbalance between an influential show business gatekeeper and aspiring actresses at the start of their careers.
“We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions. I support this movement wholeheartedly. I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry. I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color,” Cirrincione said. “I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual. “I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone's feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong.”
Although Berry said that she was not harassed by her former manager personally, nor was she aware of improper behavior towards others, she offered solidarity to Cirrincione's accusers.
“My heart goes out to any person who is subject to this type of behavior,” Berry said, “and I stand in support of their strength and bravery.”
Manchester United are very interested in signing Napoli winger Dries Mertens, according to a former director of the Italian club.
Pierpaolo Marino says United are tracking the Belgium international closely ahead of a possible bid next summer.
Mertens, who has also been linked with Arsenal in recent weeks, signed a contract extension early in the summer transfer window.
But his new deal includes a €28m release clause that comes into effect from next summer and Marino reckons United will see that as good value for money, even though Mertens will turn 31 before the start of next season.
Mertens' record of nine goals and five assists in 11 appearances for Napoli so far this season would seem to support that argument.
According to Calcio Mercato, the ex-Napoli director told Italian newspaper Tuttosport: “The €28m release clause is likely to be a good price even if he is 30.
“It turns out that United are following him very closely.”
Mertens has been at Napoli since 2013 and has scored 77 goals in 194 games in all competitions for the Serie A side.
Our cookbook of the week is Eat Delicious: 125 Recipes for Your Daily Dose of Awesome by Instagram-famous cook and photographer Dennis Prescott.
In his previous life as a studio musician, cook and photographer Dennis Prescott lived in Nashville, Tenn. It was there that he developed a deep appreciation for Southern food; fried chicken and pulled pork in particular.
“On nachos, on a potato roll, in a taco, or by itself, pulled pork = heaven,” Prescott writes in his debut cookbook, Eat Delicious. When he left Nashville and moved back home to Moncton, N.B., he set about recreating “all things Southern BBQ.” This recipe is his version of classic pulled pork: saucy and fall-off-the-bone tender.
Note that it takes approximately 6 1/2 to 7 1/2 hours to roast the pork. “As with anything slow roasted to perfection, this recipe takes a little extra time to prepare, so it's best to plan ahead,” Prescott suggests.
SAUCY SLOW-ROASTED PULLED PORK BURGERS WITH CREAMY COLESLAW
Makes: 10 to 12 servings
Pulled pork:
1 tbsp (15 mL) chili powder
2 tbsp (30 mL) brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp (7 mL) smoked paprika
1 1/2 tsp (7 mL) garlic powder
1 1/2 tsp (7 mL) onion powder
1 tbsp (15 mL) kosher salt
1 1/2 tsp (7 mL) freshly cracked black pepper
1 (5-lb/2.25-kg) bone-in pork shoulder
3 tbsp (45 mL) olive oil
1 cup (250 mL) cola
1 recipe Spicy-and-Sweet BBQ Sauce (recipe follows)
Coleslaw:
1 cup (250 mL) prepared mayo
1 tbsp (15 mL) Dijon mustard
1 tbsp (15 mL) apple cider vinegar
2 tbsp (30 mL) fresh lemon juice
1 tsp (5 mL) sugar
1/2 tsp (2 mL) celery seed
1/2 tsp (2 mL) sea salt
1/2 tsp (2 mL) freshly cracked black pepper
4 cups (1 L) shredded red cabbage
2 cups (500 mL) shredded green cabbage
2 carrots, grated on a box grater
For serving:
10 to 12 burger buns
2 cups (500 mL) of your favourite sliced pickles
Your favourite hot sauce
Step 1
Make the pulled pork: In a small bowl, combine the chili powder, brown sugar, smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Massage the pork shoulder with half of the olive oil, then coat it all over with the spice rub. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
Step 2
Preheat the oven to 425°F. Let the pork come to room temperature on the counter for 30 minutes prior to cooking.
Step 3
Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat and add the remaining olive oil. Sear the pork on all sides until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Pour in the cola and transfer the pork to the oven. Immediately decrease the oven temperature to 325°F and cook for 6 1/2 to 7 1/2 hours, or until the pork is basically falling apart and easily shreddable and the kitchen smells like heaven.
Step 4
Rest the cooked pork on a board for 10 minutes.
Step 5
While the pork is resting, make the coleslaw: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients except the cabbages and carrots and mix until smooth. Add the cabbages and carrots and mix until the vegetables are coated and the coleslaw is creamy and delicious. Set aside.
Step 6
Shred the pork with two forks, discarding any bones or excess fat. Toss the pulled pork in the pan juices, then pour over as much BBQ sauce as your heart desires and toss.
Step 7
Serve on a bun with the coleslaw, the pickles, and the hot sauce. Delicious.
SPICY-AND-SWEET BBQ SAUCE
Makes: about 2 cups (500 mL)
1 tbsp (15 mL) butter
1 cup (250 mL) finely diced red onion
1/2 cup (125 mL) dark beer
1/4 tsp (1 mL) kosher salt
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 jalapeño, seeded and finely diced
1 tsp (5 mL) smoked paprika
1/4 tsp (1 mL) cayenne pepper
2 cups (500 mL) store-bought organic ketchup
3 tbsp (45 mL) dark brown sugar
2 tbsp (30 mL) soy sauce
2 tbsp (30 mL) Worcestershire sauce
1 tbsp (15 mL) apple cider vinegar
2 tbsp (30 mL) fresh lemon juice
Step 1
In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium-low heat. Add the onion, beer, and salt, stir, cover, and cook gently for 15 minutes, watching carefully and stirring every few minutes so the onion doesn't stick to the pan. Add the remaining ingredients, stir, and bring to a simmer. Let the sauce simmer away for 30 minutes, stirring every so often.
Step 2
Using an immersion blender, puree the sauce directly in the pot until smooth. (Alternatively, carefully transfer the sauce to a regular blender and puree until smooth. Be careful when blending hot liquids.)
Step 3
Transfer to a jar, let cool completely, and store in the fridge overnight to allow the flavours to develop. The BBQ sauce will keep in an airtight container in the fridge for about 2 weeks.
From Eat Delicious by Dennis Prescott. Copyright © 2017 by Dennis Prescott. Reprinted by permission of William Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) -- CJ Massinburg scored 26 points Friday night and Buffalo shot 59 percent from the field on its way to a 92-86 win over Western Michigan.
Massinburg hit a 3-pointer to make it 84-72 with 1:45 left and made 8 of 10 foul shots in the final minute to help the Bulls (17-6, 9-1 Mid-American Conference) hold on for the win.
Buffalo made 34 of 58 from the field, including 10 of 21 from 3-point range. Jeremy Harris made all four of his 3-point attempts and scored 16, Nick Perkins added 17 points and Wes Clark had 13 points, six rebounds and nine assists.
Thomas Wilder led the Broncos (13-10, 5-5) with 34 points. He made 10 of 17 from the field, 3 of 5 from 3-point range and 9 of 12 from the foul line.
Brandon Johnson had 13 points, Drake LaMont added 12 and Reggie Jones scored 11 for Western Michigan.
Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez was satisfied with where his team sat in World Cup qualifying despite a dull 0-0 draw against Venezuela.
Tabarez's side struggled to create chances and eventually had to settle for a point in San Cristobal on Thursday.
But the 70-year-old, whose team occupy second in the CONMEBOL standings, said he was happy with where Uruguay were placed ahead of hosting Bolivia on the final matchday on Tuesday.
"We are in a home game to get what we want, which is to go to Russia," Tabarez said.
Uruguay rarely threatened against Venezuela, who will finish bottom of the standings.
But Tabarez insisted his team wanted more than just a draw out of the clash.
"We came here to try to win," he said. "I've had four campaigns already, I never went to draw a match.
"A 0-0 leaves us with possibilities and that is important.
"Without playing well according to the potential we have, in the end we generated chances. We improved in midfield."
An Uttarakhand court has sentenced the owner of a famous jewellery showroom to two years of rigorous imprisonment for not disclosing his total income.
Owner of Punjab Jewellers, Raju Verma, had a Swiss Bank account which he had not disclosed to Income Tax (IT) officials. He allegedly had more than undeclared Rs 92 lakh in his Swiss Bank account.
Verma was convicted under Section 276 C, 277 of the Income Tax Act under the Indian Penal Code. He has also been booked for issuing false statements.
A bail of one month has been issued to Verma to appeal his case in higher court. He, along with 16 other accused, has been arrested in this case.
Maria Sharapova should be given "the welcome she deserves" upon he return from a 15-month doping ban.
Five-time grand slam winner Sharapova tested positive for the illegal substance meldonium after last year's Australian Open, but claimed to be unaware it had been outlawed by the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Her ban was reduced from two years on appeal in October and she is set to make her competitive return in Stuttgart in April.
Becker has praised the 29-year-old's determination in pursuing a return to the sport and hopes to see her embraced by the tennis world.
"I am a believer in second chances," Becker is quoted as saying by the Daily Mail. "She was punished, she did something she wasn't meant to do, she was out of the game for a while.
"Hopefully she will be received with the welcome she deserves.
"It is not easy coming back, time has passed and the game hasn't stopped and it speaks for her determination that she wants to prove a point."
When it comes to Super Bowl Sunday, those in the food industry – particularly pizza restaurants – are no different.
As the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots get ready for their biggest Sunday of the season, Domino's anticipates delivering more than 11 million pizza slices and 3 million chicken wings nationwide on game day – nearly an 80 percent overall increase from a typical Sunday.
In keeping with tradition in the days leading up to Super Bowl Sunday, The Lebanon Democrat kicked off the sixth installment of its Pizza Bowl on Monday with online voting. More than 20 Wilson County pizza restaurants, including one bowling alley, participated in the online event, which garnered 163 votes cast.
A clear favorite emerged among online voters. Nona Lisa Pizzeria in Watertown was the fan favorite, garnering 61 percent of the vote. David's Pizza in Lebanon was second with 11 percent and Painturo's Pizzeria in Lebanon was third with 10 percent. Newcomer Calabria Brick Oven Pizza in Mt. Juliet and a tie between NY NY Pizza in Lebanon, Ziggy's Pizza in Gladeville and Papa John's Pizza in Lebanon rounded out the top five.
Also on Friday, 16 participating Wilson County pizza restaurants offered up their best pies for The Democrat staff's blind taste test, which included a couple of special guest judges this year. Cumberland University president Paul Stumb, Mt. Juliet police Capt. Tyler Chandler and former Wilson County Property Assessor Jack Pratt were on hand in what has become an annual tradition at The Democrat prior to the Super Bowl.
“It was a good day of eating and deciding among some stiff competition,” said Jared Felkins, The Democrat's editor. “Our staff always enjoys this event, and we appreciate all the pizza restaurants that participate each year. They are wonderful sports in allowing us to weigh our opinions on who has the best pizza in Wilson County.”
Both the staff and guest judges chose their favorites in seven categories along with an overall winner.
The overall winner picked by The Democrat staff was David's Pizza in Lebanon. David's unseated Painturo's Pizzeria in Lebanon and CiCi's Pizza in Lebanon, which tied in last year's competition.
“Congratulations to those that received honors and all the pizza restaurants that participated in Pizza Bowl VI,” Felkins said. “This event has become a fun one for our staff and those who participate each year. Hopefully we can open it up to the public in the future so everyone can enjoy the same pizza we did Friday. Of course, it's only a short drive or a phone call away for anyone in Wilson County, especially on Sunday.”
Pizza Bowl VI Results
People's Choice Online Vote
1.Nona Lisa Pizzeria61 percent
2.David's Pizza11 percent
3.Painturo's Pizza10 percent
4.Calabria Brick Oven7 percent
5.Ziggy's, NYNY, Papa John's 2 percent
Blind Taste Test Results
Best Pan Jet's Pizza
Best Thin CrustDavid's Pizza
Most Unique/Gourmet Marco's Pizza
Overall Presentation Calabria Brick Oven
Best Crust Jet's Pizza
Best Sauce K.O.'s and NYNY (tie)
Best Theme David's, Domino's, Jet's (tie)
Overall Winner David's Pizza
Celebrity Judge Cumberland University president Paul Stumb's blind picks
Best Pan Jet's Pizza
Best Thin Crust David's Pizza
Most Unique/Gourmet Jet's Pizza
Overall Presentation Calabria Brick Oven
Best Crust Nona Lisa Pizzeria
Best Sauce K.O.'s Pizza
Best Toppings/Theme Marco's Pizza
Overall Winner K.O.'s Pizza
BBC's new horrifying drama left many sleeping with the lights on
It's no secret: we love Requiem. The new BBC's spooky drama starring Lydia Wilson as an accomplished yet troubled cellist gave us the shivers with its tale of a toddler mysteriously vanishing over two decades ago.
Advertisement
It's a story that unearths terrifying secrets in a remote Welsh community where supernatural elements begin to take hold.
And as many posted on Twitter, it was an impressively scary start to the drama. Even if some couldn't watch it alone…
I'm watching #Requiem ……by myself 😱 Maybe not the best idea on reflection pic.twitter.com/ADBhGa4wg1 — Tiffany Jones (@Tiffanyemma) February 2, 2018
I think I may need to watch #Requiem in the daylight and when im not alone… 15 mins in and im already scared!!! #VividImagination #Wimp — Emma-jane (@ej_mac) February 2, 2018
Straight from the opening scene – which saw a mysteriously possessed man plunging off a roof – viewers got the chills…
@BBC's #Requiem has been on for all of 15 minutes and I already know I'm checking behind every door, listening to every sound and sleeping with the lights on tonight. — Hannah Roberts (@hllroberts) February 2, 2018
So #Requiem has been on for a whole 30 seconds and I already know I'm going to be taking all the mirrors down and sleeping with the light on. — maxinelianne24 (@maxine_lianne) February 2, 2018
Bugger, 2 minutes in and realised back door is unlocked, too scared already to get up ! #Requiem — Jo Manning (@themannings1) February 2, 2018
I am getting scared to death watching this and it has only just begun. #Requiem — Diane ☣ (@Brassylassy) February 2, 2018
Fortunately, it was just the sort of scary some were looking for…
This is creepy as Hell and I am 100% here for it. #Requiem — Rob Hill (@robvanriot) February 2, 2018
Really scary, but gripping, drama at its best @BBCOne #Requiem — Paddy Morton (@paddymorton) February 2, 2018
So that's the best thing @BBCOne have come out with for a while #requiem !! — leigh (@___leigh__) February 2, 2018
…Even if the drama caused some sleepless nights across the country.
And, if you're feeling brave, you can watch the second episode today: the entire Requiem boxset is now available to watch on BBC iPlayer.
Wait? Did they just say ‘watch the whole series now on @BBCiPlayer?' THERE GOES EVERY MOMENT OF MY WEEKEND THAT'S NOT TRAINING. #requiem @BBCOne — Christopher Nash (@blackberrychris) February 2, 2018
Advertisement
Requiem episode two will air 9pm Friday on BBC1, or you can watch the entire series now on BBC iPlayer.
Judges commence strike in Plateau
A sso c iati o n of Sharia, Area and Customary Courts of Nigeria, SACCJAN, Plateau State chapter, said yesterday that it has commenced an indefinite strike over non-payment of dressing allowances owed them for the past eight years. Addressing newsmen in Jos, Chairman of the Forum of Judges, Ayuba Dazel, urged the 140 judges […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Target Publicly Humiliates Liberal Feminist Who Claims They Don't Make NASA Shirts For Girls
Some annoying feminist blew up Twitter after engaging in some annoying virtue signalling while at her local Target.
Katie Hinde, some verified hack on the Internet, tweeted out a photo of her having moved some NASA tank tops from the boy's section of the store to the girl's section. I assume she did this because she thinks there is some sort of intentional gender disparity in prestigious organizations like NASA.
Unfortunately for her, Target wasn't about to let some hag drag their corporation through the mud because she's stupid.
“Did I just take a bunch of NASA tank tops from the boys section & put them in the girls section? Yes. Yes I did.”
Did I just take a bunch of NASA tank tops from the boys section & put them in the girls section? Yes. Yes I did. pic.twitter.com/hXHBbaog2W — Katie Hinde (@Mammals_Suck) June 12, 2017
One person responded asking Hinde to stop making more work for retail employees. Hinde responded in the way you'd expect from an entitled liberal whine-bag.
YEP. If folks did this across all stores, req allocation of employee time, then the industry would shift. & confronting sexism important… — Katie Hinde (@Mammals_Suck) June 12, 2017
And of course she had to throw in the obligatory mention of sexism. Because how can you prove that you care about women unless you're calling people sexist?
Confronting sexism is especially important bc minimum wage retail workers more likely to be women… bc sexism. — Katie Hinde (@Mammals_Suck) June 12, 2017
But it wasn't until Target responded that things really got interesting.
The company kept their cool and kindly pointed out to Katie that she is wrong and should probably do some research before she spouts off.
We aim to offer great selection & variety for every guest, & our tees are no exception. Check girls' selection here: https://t.co/H78uBotimz — AskTarget (@AskTarget) June 12, 2017 × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
The nifty little link provided by the retail chain takes you to a page where you're going to see… wait for it… NASA clothing for women! It's almost like not everything in the world exists to oppress women! I know, madness.
And that's when the roasting began:
Lol, I've seen Nasa shirts in the girls section. This was dumb. — Sena (@Sniffzilla) June 13, 2017
Was in Target yesterday and there were plenty of NASA tees for girls and women — Lisa Crotty (@HappyFunTime) June 13, 2017
I'd be willing to bet Katie's store had these in stock and Katie was more concerned about virtue signalling than doing honest activism. — Seizure.gif (@DoubleNintendre) June 13, 2017
Tbh I feel bad for these companies getting a bad rep because of crazy sjws. Like get a life. Thanks. — Jake (@jake82736362) June 13, 2017
Katie isn't willing to accept defeat, however, and is “working on a longer essay to be systematic” in her response to the store.
I've gotten 2000+ comments responded to only ~2 dozen. I intentionally never tagged Target. Working on longer essay to be systematic. — Katie Hinde (@Mammals_Suck) June 13, 2017
Saying, “Hey, I was wrong and called you guys sexist when I shouldn't have and made extra work for your employees and I'm sorry,” doesn't take that much space. I'm willing to bet that you could even do it in a tweet if you were really ambitious.
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – Habitat for Humanity has a big goal this year to build up to eight new homes for people in the Mahoning Valley.
Helping Habitat to meet that goal is Chemical Bank, which donated $3,500 to the project on Wednesday.
The money will be used to build a home in Boardman. Each home costs about $100,000 to build.
Habitat for Humanity of Mahoning Valley Executive Director Monica Craven said Habitat's mission is more important now than ever before.
“A lot of folks have always wanted to have the dream of home ownership and in this economy, it's been very difficult for people to get loans to be able to purchase homes,” she said. “In addition, housing prices are going through the roof, and to find an affordable house to purchase or a rental is really difficult.”
Craven said Habitat provides a permanent housing solution for families at a rate that they can afford in the long term.
Retail prices are on the rise, going up nearly 10 percent in the last few years.
People like Angel Thompson are feeling the pinch.
“I am in a little thing in Austintown, and I pay $631,” Thompson said.
Thompson is volunteering at the Habitat for Humanity Restore. It's part of her sweat equity to move into the Habitat house.
Those who qualify for a home must work at least 30 hours per month for Habitat. There are other qualifications as well, including an ability to pay for the home.
Thompson said she's looking forward to helping build her home.
“When I worked at the other house, I liked laying tile on the floor,” she said.
Habitat's mission is also supported by sales from its ReStore in Struthers, donations, grants and fundraisers.
TACURONG CITY – At least eight persons, mostly police officers, were injured in separate bombing incidents here at about 7 p.m. Monday, police said.
Senior Supt. Raul Supiter, Sultan Kudarat provincial police director, said the first explosion occurred inside the restroom of Dragon Gasoline Station located at the corner of national highway and New Isabela Street.
Another improvised bomb planted near the gas station's signage went off while scene of the crime operatives were conducting an investigation.
ADVERTISEMENT
“While police and bomb experts were investigating, another explosion occurred that injured police officers and soldiers as well as civilians,” he said.
Another improvised explosive device was found near St. John Learning Center in Barangay New Isabela, about 100 meters away.
The gasoline station was filled with people as a convenience store and resto bar are located beside it.
Supiter identified the injured as bomb disposal team members S/Sgt. Ipil Presaldo, S/Sgt. Menzo Salsalito Manoy, SPO2 Jasper Garcia, PO1 Martin San Pedro, PO1 Eleazar Sustiguer and three civilians identified only as Bobong Bamo, Michael Pon and an unidentified man.
Earlier Monday, text messages circulated warning about alleged plot by outlawed Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) to set off bombs in Tacurong City, Koronadal City, Gen. Santos City, Cotabato City, Midsayap, North Cotabato and Davao City to avenge the death of Abu Sayyaf Group in Bohol.
Monday's blasts came about two weeks after an IED explosion injured eight persons when two men lobbed the bomb in front of Sultan Kudarat Electric Cooperative Office along the national highway here, about 800 meters away from Dragon Gas Station.
When disaster erupts and devastates a community, members of one lesser-known Islamic sect often are among those who are quick to show up.
This week, after the Las Vegas shooting, dozens of Ahmadiyya Muslims came together to help organize blood drives and join in vigils.
Members of Ahmadiyya Muslims face the crowd holding a banner during a vigil for shooting victims Monday evening at the corner of Sahara Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard.(Photo courtesy of Azam Akram and Rizwan Ahmad)
Members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community hold up a banner at a prayer vigil hosted by Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman and other faith leaders at City Hall Monday evening. (Photo courtesy of Azam Akram and Rizwan Ahmad.)
Candles are lit for victims of the Las Vegas shooting during a prayer vigil hosted by Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman and other faith leaders at City Hall Monday evening. Members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community participated in the vigil. (Photo courtesy of Azam Akram and Rizwan Ahmad)
The response was nothing new for Chicago-based imam, Azam Akram, Rizwan Ahmad of Milwaukee, and other members of the group, founded 128 years ago by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad who claimed to be the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. Followers consider it part of their duty to appear wherever social strife and tragedy strike s , be it riots in response to alleged police misconduct in Ferguson, Missouri, or the San Bernardino and Orlando terror attacks.
Akram said he and Ahmad arrived in Las Vegas Monday afternoon — hours after the shooting that left 58 victims dead — and organized about 70 members of the local Ahmadiyya community to participate in blood drives and several vigils held in different parts of the city.
“When we have the opportunity to come out, show support and help, we should do that,” he said. “We are Americans too. We are as hurt and as heartbroken as everyone else.”
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA, which was established in 1921, has about 18,000 members, including 3,000 in Southern California.
Soon after the San Bernardino terror attack, Ahmadiyya Muslims launched a True Islam campaign nationwide to counter Islamophobia and educate the public that it is a religion that rejects violence and terrorism and one that values peace, tolerance and human connection.
Akram said the vigils he and others attended Monday night were particularly emotional.
“People were singing hymns, lighting candles,” he said. “Many broke down crying.”
Those who saw them at the vigils were startled at first, but some walked up and gave them hugs. Many said “thank you,” Akram said.
“It's heartening to see people in these situations always respond with love and openness,” he said. “Our inhibitions disappear when we look at each other as human beings. Unfortunately, sometimes, it takes a tragedy to unite us.”
Akram said he was concerned after ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack, although FBI officials have said there is no evidence to support that claim.
“We want to make sure it didn't become an opportunity for people to spin their own narratives or create divides,” he said.
He described Vegas as “unusually quiet and empty” on the day after the attack when he arrived. He said there were more media than public on the streets.
Despite the cloud of gloom that hung over Las Vegas Monday, people were consoling, helping and cheering up one another, he said.
The stories of generosity and heroism that emerge from such tragedies are a silver lining, Akram said.
“Regardless of the tragedy, the healing process seems to be the same,” he said. “Ultimately, we all need to stand together in solidarity.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOUSTON - If you've kept up with the baseball team in town, you would've probably noticed the Astros starting pitching has been historically good to start the season.
We decided to break down the team's numbers through May 29.
Through 56 starts so far this season, Houston pitchers have provided 40 quality starts -- starts in which the starter lasted at least six innings without giving up more than three earned runs.
As a whole, the pitching staff has been nothing short of dominant, racking up 581 strikeouts in 505 innings with an ERA of 2.64 and WHIP of 1.01.
The Astros' pitching staff is giving up one base runner each inning and has only allowed 50 home runs in 56 games.
The team with the second-best team ERA in Major League Baseball is the Washington Nationals, at 3.27. The closest American League team ERA is the Boston Red Sox, at 3.55.
The Astros lead all baseball in nearly all major statistics.
Houston's .204 batting average against is 16 points better than the Washington Nationals' .220 BAA.
Houston's entire staff has allowed 148 earned runs, better than the Philadelphia Phillies' total of 173 earned runs.
Houston's 40 quality starts top the Milwaukee Brewers' 34 QSs.
Houston pitchers have allowed 373 hits, six fewer than the Chicago Cubs' total of 379 hits allowed.
Houston's strikeout to walk rate is at 4.27 strikeouts to each walk, while Washington's pitching staff has the second-best rate at 3.47 strikeouts to each walk.
Here's a look at the starting rotation:
Justin Verlander - 12 starts, 11 quality starts, 7 wins, 2 losses, 81.1 innings pitched, 43 hits allowed, 10 earned runs allowed, 5 home runs allowed, 15 walks, 98 strikeouts, 0.71 WHIP, 1.11 ERA
Gerrit Cole - 11 starts, 10 quality starts, 5 wins, 1 loss, 74.2 innings pitched, 43 hits allowed, 17 earned runs allowed, 7 home runs allowed, 19 walks, 109 strikeouts, 0.83 WHIP, 2.05 ERA
Charlie Morton - 11 starts, 9 quality starts, 7 wins, 0 losses, 67.2 innings pitched, 47 hits allowed, 17 earned runs allowed, 9 home runs allowed, 22 walks, 85 strikeouts, 1.02 WHIP, 2.26 ERA
Dallas Keuchel - 11 starts, 7 quality starts, 3 wins, 6 losses, 69 innings pitched, 63 hits allowed, 26 earned runs allowed, 9 home runs allowed, 18 walks, 1.17 WHIP, 3.39 ERA
Lance McCullers Jr. - 11 starts 6 quality starts, 6 wins, 3 losses, 63.1 innings pitched, 50 hits allowed, 28 earned runs allowed, 6 home runs allowed, 25 walks, 68 strikeouts, 1.18 WHIP, 3.98 ERA
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Who Wants To Be an Adult? Teens Taking Their Time Growing Up Adolescents are taking longer to become adults than previous generations, according to a new study that cites the rise of smartphones, safer environments and even a declining birthrate as factors. Mid- to late-teens are delaying the classic milestones of adulthood, namely working, going out without their parents, driving, dating, having sex, and drinking alcohol, according to four decades of surveys reviewed for the study, led by San Diego State University professor of psychology Jean M. Twenge. Today's 18-year-olds exhibit similar milestone behaviors as did 15-year-olds in the late 1970s, Twenge said. Moreover, they're mostly doing this voluntarily -- parents aren't imposing this delayed independence. The spread of smartphones, which allow teens to socialize from the safety of their homes, is part of the explanation, said Twenge. The author of "Generation Me," she has released a new book on the generation born after 1995 called "iGen: Why Today's Super-Connected Kids are Growing Up Less Rebellious, More Tolerant, Less Happy -- and Completely Unprepared for Adulthood." But while smartphones and social media enable these trends, Twenge says it's not the whole explanation. Advances in safety and a declining rate of childbirth drive this process. When parents have fewer children and expect them to grow up, they will expend more care on them. The study was published Tuesday in the journal Child Development. Twenge was the lead author, and Heejung Park of Bryn Mawr College was co-author. They drew their conclusions from seven surveys of 8.3 million 13- to 19-year-olds between 1976 and 2016. Twenge said an evolutionary explanation called life history theory appears to be behind the trend. It classifies the maturation of species into "fast" and "slow" strategies. Fast strategies involve producing prolific amounts of offspring with minimal care. Spawning fish and lobsters are examples. Very high death rates are acceptable, because only a tiny fraction need to survive to perpetuate the species. Humans, with many years of care and training required for independence, represent the slow strategy. Modern society makes the slow strategy more feasible than before, Twenge said. Life in the Slow Lane "Life history theory makes the case that a slow life strategy is going to be more likely in a safe environment, where people have fewer children and people live longer, and expect their kids to start their own families later, and to have their education last longer," Twenge said. "And that's a pretty good description of today's environment." Meanwhile, Twenge has been getting a lot of attention for her latest book, some of it disapproving. A review on NPR called it a "cocktail of exaggeration and alarmism." Its conclusions on smartphone use were criticized in the Houston Chronicle by Christopher Ferguson, a psychology professor at Stetson University. A Wall Street Journal review was more positive, describing the book as persuasive. The study itself got generally favorable comments from Laurence Steinberg, an expert on adolescent development. Steinberg said he agreed that teens are taking longer to develop the habits of independent adults. "My quick take on this is that it's very interesting, although it isn't clear what the right interpretation is," said Steinberg, a professor of psychology at Temple University and author of "Age of Opportunity: Lessons From the New Science of Adolescence." "Some of these trends may be influencing each other -- for instance, driving and drinking are activities that are themselves linked to working (which generates income that is used to pay for alcohol and expenses), and dating or going out with friends (which may require driving and is often associated with drinking)," Steinberg said by email. "Certainly these trends are consistent with other data on the delayed entrance of young people into adult roles, like marriage, childbearing, entrance into the full time labor force, establishing a separate residence, and attaining economic independence," he said. "So I think it is reasonable to view these findings as consistent with the view that adolescence is lasting longer than it has before -- something I note in 'Age of Opportunity.'" Steinberg said he was not sure the "life history theory" explanation was correct. "I'd like to see some international data to see whether this is an American phenomenon or something more universal," he said. A Net Good? It's also possible that increasingly protective "helicopter parents" could be restricting their children's actions, Steinberg said, making it more difficult for them to get out of the house. "But I'd be careful to avoid interpretations that invoke images of today's young people as being less mature or more childlike," he said. Twenge said the adolescent surveys indicate that since children actually have fewer major fights with their parents, overly protective parents aren't the cause of these changes. "I agree with Dr. Steinberg that it's not correct to say that today's teens are less mature," she said. "For example, is it more or less mature to have sex during high school? Is it more or less mature to drink alcohol as a teen? It's neither. These trends are not about maturity or immaturity, but about taking longer to engage in adult activities." "Overall, I think these trends are a net good," she said. "However, parents also need to recognize that older teens in particular need more experience with independence if they're going to be successful college students and workers." Brent Crandal, a clinical psychologist at Rady Children's Hospital, said the study provides useful insights. "These are pretty strong findings," Crandal said. "They're found in several different data sets with more than 1 million participants. The trend identified shouldn't be ignored." Making the same point as Twenge, Crandal also said the results aren't good or bad. "It's just that development is happening over a longer course of time," Crandal said. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Teens, Parenting, Psychology, Researchers, Smartphones, Social Media, Mobile Tech, Tech Trends Comment:
Name:
Quang: Posted: 2017-09-25 @ 11:08am PT It's because parents baby their kids and the kids don't go out and experience the world like they used to on their own.
Einstein Was Right -- Again: Nobel Winners Find Ripples in Universe Three U.S.-based scientists won the Nobel Physics Prize on Tuesday for detecting faint ripples flying through the universe -- the gravitational waves predicted a century ago by Albert Einstein that provide a new understanding of the universe. Rainer Weiss of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Barry Barish and Kip Thorne of the California Institute of Technology won the 2017 prize for a combination of highly advanced theory and ingenious equipment design, Sweden's Royal Academy of Sciences announced. The scientists were key to the first observation of gravitational waves in September 2015. When the discovery was announced several months later, it was a sensation not only among scientists but the general public. "It's a win for the human race as a whole. These gravitational waves will be powerful ways for the human race to explore the universe," said Thorne, speaking by phone with The Associated Press from California. "I view this more as a thing that recognizes the work of a thousand people," Weiss told reporters at the announcement news conference. The prize is "a win for Einstein, and a very big one," Barish told the AP. The German-born Weiss was awarded half of the 9-million-kronor ($1.1 million) prize amount and Thorne and Barish will split the other half. Gravitational waves are extremely faint ripples in the fabric of space and time, generated by some of the most violent events in the universe. The waves detected by the laureates came from the collision of two black holes some 1.3 billion light-years away. A light-year is about 5.88 trillion miles. Ariel Goobar of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said the winners' work meant "we can study processes which were completely impossible, out of reach to us in the past." "The best comparison is when Galileo discovered the telescope, which allowed us to see that Jupiter had moons. And all of a sudden, we discovered that the universe was much vaster than we used to think about," Goobar said. With the technology that the three developed "we may even see entirely new objects that we haven't even imagined yet," said Patrick Sutton, an astronomer at Cardiff University in Wales. The waves were predicted by Einstein a century ago as part of his theory of general relativity. General relativity says that gravity is caused by heavy objects bending space-time, which itself is the four-dimensional way that astronomers see the universe. Weiss in the 1970s designed a laser-based device that would detect gravitational waves. He, Thorne and Barish "ensured that four decades of effort led to gravitational waves finally being observed," the Nobel announcement said. The laser device, called an interferometer, must be both exquisitely precise and extremely stable. "The beam must hit the mirrors precisely. They should hardly shake at all, not even when leaves fall from nearby trees," according to a Nobel background paper. The first detection of gravity waves involved two of the devices about 3,000 kilometers (1,900 miles) apart -- in Hanford, Washington, and Livingston, Louisiana. The wave first passed the Livingston facility and 7 milliseconds later at Hanford, consistent with the speed of light. The announcement said Einstein was convinced that gravitational waves could never be measured. The laureates used laser devices "to measure a change thousands of times smaller than an atomic nucleus." In a moment of poetry aimed at making the distant and infinitesimal phenomenon understandable to non-experts, the academy announcement said gravitational waves "are always created when a mass accelerates, like when an ice-skater pirouettes or a pair of black holes rotate around each other." Professor Alberto Vecchio, from the University of Birmingham's Institute of Gravitational Wave Astronomy, said this discovery will produce results for decades to come. "They have taken me, as well as hundreds of my colleagues, through such an intellectually rewarding and recently adrenaline-packed journey that we could not have even remotely imagined," he said. "The best part is that this is just the beginning of a new roller-coaster exploration of the universe." For the past 25 years, the Nobel physics prize has been shared among multiple winners. Last year's prize went to three British-born researchers who applied the mathematical discipline of topology to help understand the workings of exotic matter such as superconductors and superfluids. The 2017 Nobel prizes kicked off Monday with the medicine prize being awarded to three Americans studying circadian rhythms -- better known as body clocks: Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young. The chemistry prize will be announced Wednesday, the Nobel literature prize on Thursday and the peace prize on Friday. The economics prize, which is not technically a Nobel, will be awarded on Monday. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Nobel Prize. Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Physics, Scientists, Nobel Prize, Einstein Comment:
Name:
Fedup: Posted: 2017-10-06 @ 4:08am PT Well, I think the Nobel prizes are worthless, these are the same people who gave a war criminal and a racist a "peace" prize, and these cooks received it for something never existed except on paper. Go figure. Reid Barnes: Posted: 2017-10-05 @ 12:07pm PT Can this be possible when at the same time the title of the Facebook Note, "Einstein's General Theory of Relativity Is Based on Self-contradicting Non-Euclidean Geometry," is a true statement? Shane: Posted: 2017-10-04 @ 8:52am PT Understand gravity has always been a puzzle to me. Detection of disturbance in outer space is easily understandable since so many catastrophic events happen all the time. Questions remain to truly understand what and why gravity is paramount. That's the billion dollar question. So there is mass/electrons/movement of electrons around mass but why gravitational force instead of magnetic force only?
Universal
Nobody tells Tyrese, but Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham's Fast And Furious spin-off has secured a release date and has possibly lined up the perfect director. The release date is July 26th, 2019, which puts it before the recently-delayed Fast And Furious 9 (officially titled The Fate of the Furious). We should point out we mean the spin-off comes after Furious 9 in our time, not necessarily in the film's timeline which has its own reality and you will deal with it.
The Fate of the Furious has been pushed back to 2020, but it's not all bad news; now word is going around that they may be able to bring back Fast And Furious 6 director Justin Lin to direct The Fate of the Furious. Now how about that aforementioned “perfect director” for the spin-off? Shane Black.
Variety reports Universal Pictures has not only set up the Dwayne Johnson / Jason Statham spin-off as a blockbuster for next summer, but they are also considering Shane Black (Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Iron Man 3, The Nice Guys) to direct it. He's got exactly the right sensibility to inject more great action and winking meta jokes into this bonkers cinematic universe.
Reportedly, Universal won't announce a director until the script is finished. Although it would be great if Black both wrote and directed the spin-off, Universal has already lined up a fitting choice: Chris Morgan, the writer of Fast and Furious 6, Fast Five, Fast and Furious, and The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift. Yes, that's four of our top five Fast and Furious movies. If it all works out, just imagine Morgan writing another scene like this one for Shane Black to direct:
Universal
Glorious.
(Via Variety and the Hollywood Reporter)
Brazil right-back Danilo knows Neymar's fitness is improving with the World Cup approaching – because he is starting to give him the runaround in training.
All eyes are on Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar as he steps up preparations for Russia 2018 alongside his international colleagues, despite being ruled out of domestic action with a broken metatarsal since the end of February.
Tite's men kick off their World Cup bid against Switzerland in Rostov on June 17 but Neymar's first target for match practice is Sunday's friendly with Croatia at Anfield.
According to Manchester City's Danilo, everything is on track.
"I've been talking a lot with him because, in these 10 days, I always got to confront him in the training sessions," he told a news conference.
"So, every day we talk because I always go and challenge him and each day he is better, faster and it is more and more difficult to block him.
"We hope he can arrive at the World Cup, if not at 100 per cent then something very close to it, because for us this is very important."
Danilo is chasing a starting berth with the Selecao after PSG veteran Dani Alves was ruled out of the World Cup with knee ligament damage.
"First of all, Dani Alves' injury left us all sad because what he can give to this squad is unrivalled," said the former Real Madrid defender.
"What he gave to this group over all these years is his fighting spirit, his leadership and his style of playing. No doubt, that's a big loss.
"But [Corinthians full-back] Fagner and I have been working hard to do our best to contribute to Brazil also and we are focusing on this.
"Dani, for sure, is an experienced man with a strong mindset. He'll get over this and we'll try to do our best."
In a measure likely set to debut next year, the Canadian citizenship oath will soon include its first-ever reference to Indigenous people by including a pledge to “faithfully observe the laws of Canada including treaties with Indigenous Peoples.”
The change was recommended by Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, and had wide support among government-convened focus groups. There's just one problem; you can't really “faithfully observe” a treaty.
Canada's various treaties are compacts between the Crown and specific Indigenous groups. Just as with a peace treaty between nation states, there's no real room for individual citizens to uphold or invalidate them.
“Off-hand, I cannot think of how an individual non-Indigenous Canadian could ‘fail to observe' a treaty unless they were acting as a representative of the federal or provincial government,” said Michael Coyle, a Western University legal expert on Indigenous land claims and treaty rights.
This is in sharp contrast to other Canadian laws such as the Criminal Code or the Copyright Act, which do require new Canadians to faithfully observe them.
For instance, Treaty 6, signed in 1876, covers a wide belt of prairie that now includes Saskatoon and Edmonton. In exchange for ceding those lands to Her Majesty “forever,” Cree and other signatories were pledged government support including ammunition, farming equipment, medicine and aid in the case of “pestilence” or “famine.”
A non-Indigenous citizen could illegally squat on reserve lands guaranteed by Treaty Six, but that's not a treaty violation; it's trespassing, a Criminal Code offence. Treaty Six would only begin to be violated if the Crown failed to dispatch the RCMP to remove the trespasser.
The same is true of an initial Treaty Six pledge to protect signatories from the “evil influence of the use of intoxicating liquors” — a measure that was phased out in the 1950s.
If an early 1900s trader sold whiskey on a reserve, it would not have been a treaty violation; it would have been a violation of the Indian Act, which was passed in part to enforce treaty measures.
Even modern treaties do not mention the responsibilities of individual citizens. The Nisga'a Final Agreement, signed in 1998, only cites the rights and responsibilities of the signatories; the Nisga'a Nation and the governments of British Columbia and Canada.
“I suppose you could indirectly argue, since treaties are part of the law of Canada and indeed of the constitution since 1982, that individual Canadians should be concerned that the government live up to them,” said University of Calgary political scientist Thomas Flanagan, writing in an email to the National Post.
Even there, an elected Canadian government would not be able to openly flout its treaty obligations without butting up against the courts. As with any legal agreement, First Nations can sue the Crown for breaching contract.
There have been Canadian laws that called on individual Canadians to recognize Indigenous rights, but these have not been treaties.
The most famous is likely the 1763 Royal Proclamation, which King George III enacted in his North American colonies in order to preserve inland native territory by restricting colonial settlement west of the Appalachian Mountains.
Instead, the proclamation ended up being one of the cited causes of the American War of Independence. In the Declaration of Independence, colonists accused King George III of pandering to “merciless Indian savages.”
The text for Canada's new citizenship oath is taken verbatim from the 94th and final recommendation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
The Commission also called on Canada to revise its citizenship guide to include “information about the Treaties and the history of residential schools.”
An internal report from Citizenship and Immigration Canada also noted that citizenship ceremonies may soon open by acknowledging the traditional Indigenous territories on which participants are standing; a practice that is already standard at public gatherings in parts of Western Canada and the North.
The idea with the new oath is to remind incoming Canadians that their new home is most likely situated on land that their government obtained thanks to a standing agreement with an Indigenous band.
“All who live on treaty lands are ‘treaty people', in the sense that they benefit from the past and continuing treaty relationship with the Indigenous peoples who entered those treaties to share the land,” said Coyle.
But the oath also leaves out thousands of Canadian Indigenous people whose home nations never inked a treaty with the Crown.
Vast swaths of British Columbia, for instance, lie on untreatied land. In 2014, the City of Vancouver acknowledged as much with a resolution noting that they are on lands that “were never ceded through treaty, war or surrender.”
• Twitter: TristinHopper | Email: thopper@nationalpost.com
Songwriter Aaron Maine has been developing his project of Porches for five years now, transitioning from instrumentals of post rock guitar and drums in his first album to the atmospheric synth beats in his second. Now in this third album, Maine moves towards an even dreamier feeling by peeling the layers of instrumentals to just hazy beats and nebulous backing vocals. The House reiterates the feeling of being underwater like Pools did, but strips it back to make a “conscious effort at minimalism and honesty.” While Porches' second album was garnered with praise for its full synth beats, this third album is the barest and most emotionally explicit. Maine specifically aimed for the rawness that the album expresses, noting that he conceived each song in entirety the day he wrote the lyrics in his journal. It's candid, and when I listen to it, I feel I'm delving inside of the mind of Maine.
The cohesion of the album manifests from the lyrics. The first lyric of ‘Find Me' follows the song ‘Leave the House' with “I think that I'll stay inside.” The song continues to express what Pools had been building: an emotional confession to the anxiety and paranoia that lives inside Maine's head. The repeated water imagery throughout the album in songs like ‘Now the Water' and ‘Swimmer' also augments the narrative that is being conveyed here. It's a feeling of sinking paired with a feeling of suspension, like when you're about 10 feet under the surface of the water with the noise muffled and your limbs are weighed down to the bottom, but your chest begs to float upwards.
The song ‘Country' acts as a breath of fresh air as it's one of the sweeter, lighter songs one the album. Instrumentals that remind me of the soundtrack to Stranger Things (maybe why I like it so much) and with refreshing lyrics like “when the air hits my face” and “break the water with your arms,” ‘Country' speaks in a young, innocent voice in a way that the rest of the album does not. At the end of the last song, ‘Anything U Want,' there is a sample of recording from the outside world – people talking, possibly cars driving by, things moving, etc. It's a nice, fuzzy ending that is probably the purest part of the whole album. For some reason, even though Maine takes us through the depths of his mind, his biggest fears and struggles, that last 30 seconds tells me that he's finding his way through it all.
The problem with the whole of this album is that the first half of it makes the listener wait for something that never builds in the second half. The lyrics achieve the goal of emotional vulnerability and sincerity, but the minimalist instrumentals don't provide much of a weight to carry it through the rest of album, leaving the songs thin at the waistline. Overall, I saw Maine's thoughts more clearly than his first two albums. His confessions hold an honesty and rawness that cannot be ignored, and I commend him for that. However, when I step back and look at the big picture, The House falls flat in places where Pools never did, and at times the minimalist beats seemed less purposeful and more unfinished. This is the most successful album lyrically and emotionally, yet not instrumentally. But two out of three ain't bad.
The Chargers agreed to terms with center Mike Pouncey on Monday, immediately upgrading the middle of their offensive line.
A three-time Pro Bowler, Pouncey asked for and received his release from the Dolphins last week, becoming a free agent after seven seasons in Miami. His two-year deal with the Chargers is reportedly worth $15 million, with $10 million guaranteed.
Pouncey represents the latest step in the Chargers' attempts to revamp in the trenches. Though his last Pro Bowl appearance came after the 2015 season, the 28-year-old still finished as the league's 14th-best center in Bleacher Report's rankings. Spencer Pulley, who started all 16 games at center for the Chargers last fall, ranked 40th.
The signing likely makes Pulley the team's primary backup at center and both guard positions.
The Chargers also signed left tackle Russell Okung a year ago, and drafted guards Forrest Lamp and Dan Feeney in the second and third rounds. Okung earned the second Pro Bowl nod of his career, while Feeney showed promise in nine starts at left guard. Lamp, who tore his ACL early in training camp, will likely his debut as starting right guard this fall.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE L. PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released video Wednesday from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd,
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesman, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokeswoman Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where he broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Lombardo has warned that releasing the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed himself before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
____
Associated Press journalist Brian Skoloff in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MSM Silent After Celebrity Publicly Calls On NRA Members To Die By “Firing Squad”
Nancy Sinatra was already a write-off. Now, she might have to be bundled off into a white room. Or into a jail cell.
In a tweet posted on 3 October, Nancy wrote:
“The murderous members of the NRA should face a firing squad.”
Social media reactions were swift.
NRA: 5 Million Members @NancySinatra feels they should be murdered by firing squad, but THEY are the “murderous” ones. Okay. pic.twitter.com/lsTACjnxIt — Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) October 5, 2017
Ah Nancy pants, most seem to be the psycho @DNC party members. How about just ban guns from the left & give to the right that respect life pic.twitter.com/CFhoYizaKZ — AmericanLady🇺🇸💃🏻 (@RepKick1) October 5, 2017
Nancy Sinatra? She is still alive? And acting Judge, Jury, and executioner?
Senile dementia is a terrible thing to witness! × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now — Tucker Madison(Gab) (@MTucker_a2) October 5, 2017
What NRA members have been involved in mass murder. Listen to the news, the killer had bomb material. He could have dropped a bomb instead. — Christina Swistak (@ChristinaMann2) October 5, 2017
Nancy already deleted the original tweet, where she was referring to a Daily Kos article entitled “The burden of proof is squarely on the NRA: How the hell are you making us safer?”
This is following a long line of rabid lefties trying anything to throw the blame for the Las Vegas Massacre committed by Stephen Paddock on the NRA. Sen. Diane Feinstein is trying to ban the bump stocks that use the natural recoil action of the AR-15 to make it operate more like a fully automatic than a semi, despite the stocks being made legal during the Obama era when they were written off as “goofy, little doodads.” So far, Jimmy Kimmel has taken the cake by blaming gun owners squarely for the complicity in the Massacre. The rest of us are shocked that Stephen Paddock had never been reported to the authorities before he committed the murders, because his history is spotty, terrifying and unhinged starting with his FBI Most Wanted bank robbing father and the neighbors who never interacted with the weird guy who kept guns in massive storage lockers in his garages.
Paul Anka was originally scheduled to sing his hit My Way for Trump's Inauguration. Nancy decided her opinion was highly valuable at the time, because her father's version of the song is the one we know the best. Nancy warned Trump to “remember the first line of the song.” In case the words got away from you, the song starts with And now, the end is near… Nancy, please. Your song about boots was cute and all but you are only anything because of your father.
Poor Frank! Now, he was a conservative! Ronald Reagan threw barbs at him during the Dean Martin Roast of Frank Sinatra. In 1980, Sinatra called Reagan the “proper man to be the President of the United States… it's so screwed up now, we need someone to straighten it out.” He even donated $4 million to his campaign! Quite a change for someone who once stumped for FDR. JFK visited the movie set for Ocean's Eleven back in 1960 to spend time with the Rat Pack.
For a nice throwback, here's a four minute video of Frank at the 1980 Republican National Convention.
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test centres. They were blacklisted over their alleged involvement in…
Read » JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tweets and Photos: Man Utd players react to beating Chelsea
Manchester United players took to their social media accounts to celebrate their impressive 2-0 win over league leaders Chelsea at Old Trafford yesterday.
Goals from Marcus Rashford and man of the match Ander Herrera gave United all three points on Easter Sunday. Their players were clearly delighted with a result that dented the Blues' title challenge and kept their own slim hopes of a top four finish on track.
Here's what the United stars had to say after the match.
Massive win and delighted to score another goal pic.twitter.com/a5QwKcaOnc — Marcus Rashford (@MarcusRashford) April 16, 2017
An honour to captain @ManUtd today in what was such a big game. The team were brilliant, huge performances all over the pitch pic.twitter.com/r4syOq4nqJ — Ashley Young (@youngy18) April 16, 2017
After 1 year of the earthquake in Ecuador, I want to dedicate today's result to the people of my country @ManUtd_Es pic.twitter.com/xBJFL8bzKu — Antonio Valencia (@anto_v25) April 16, 2017
The boys to a man were fantastic today. OT was bouncing. Thank you. Happy Easter pic.twitter.com/cZTOYI1U6p — Michael Carrick (@carras16) April 16, 2017
With days like today anything is possible! What a great crowd in Old Trafford! Let's go United! pic.twitter.com/mZ8k0SafFo — Eric Bailly (@ericbailly24) April 16, 2017
I love to win at Old Trafford Cómo me gusta ganar en Old Trafford… #mufc pic.twitter.com/mLOlY04zWP — David De Gea (@D_DeGea) April 16, 2017
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
Some things are going to be different around the Easton Area High School football team this fall.
That's just a fact.
What the Red Rovers and their fans hope, however, is that the program's high standard for winning isn't altered and is — ideally — exceeded.
Longtime assistant Jeff Braido was elevated to replace former head coach Steve Shiffert (216-89-1) in February, giving Easton its first change at the top in 24 years.
The game plan for the new power structure is simple: keep what works and tweak what might have led to 2016's disappointing 7-6 record.
The transition has been smooth so far, according to Braido, with the veteran Red Rovers seizing leadership roles and guiding the team into the new era.
“Our senior class has been phenomenal it's almost like I'm spoiled,” the first-year coach said. “They're such great kids and a bunch of great role models for our younger kids.”
CLEVELAND (AP) — LeBron James scored 24 points, Jae Crowder made a go-ahead 3-pointer with 1:21 left and the Cleveland Cavaliers began a long stretch without injured All-Star Kevin Love by holding off the Miami Heat 91-89 on Wednesday night.
The Cavs rebounded from a troubling loss at Detroit — Cleveland gave up 125 points to the undermanned Pistons — and prevented the Heat from overtaking them for third place in the Eastern Conference standings.
Cleveland played its first game since Love broke his left hand against the Pistons. The five-time All-Star is consulting with surgeons in New York, and it's possible he'll undergo an operation as early as Thursday. Love, who could miss two months, already has screws in the hand from a previous procedure after he broke it in 2009 with Minnesota.
Goran Dragic scored 18 and Josh Richardson 15 to lead the Heat, who went just 3 of 28 on 3-pointers.
CELTICS 103, KNICKS 73
BOSTON (AP) — Terry Rozier filled in nicely for Kyrie Irving, logging his first career triple-double in his first NBA start and leading Boston over New York.
Rozier had 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists to become the second player in NBA history with a triple-double in his first start, joining Tony Wroten for Philadelphia on Nov. 13, 2013, according to Elias Sports Bureau. Irving was sidelined by a bruised right quadriceps after he got hurt during Monday's win in Denver.
Marcus Morris scored 21 points for the Celtics, and Jayson Tatum had 15. Al Horford and Jaylen Brown scored 14 apiece.
Morris left late in the third quarter with a bruised left hip.
Enes Kanter had 17 points and 17 rebounds for the Knicks, and Kristaps Porzingis scored 16.
NETS 116, 76ERS 108
NEW YORK (AP) — Spencer Dinwiddie scored 27 points, D'Angelo Russell added 22 in his best performance since returning from knee surgery, and Brooklyn snapped a four-game skid with a victory over Philadelphia.
Rookie center Jarrett Allen, making his first start at home, had 16 points and 12 rebounds for the Nets, who took charge of a close game with an 11-0 run early in the fourth quarter.
Dinwiddie had six points during the spurt and a pair of recent 76ers contributed the other five in the first meeting since a trade between the teams last month.
Joel Embiid had 29 points and 14 rebounds for the 76ers (24-24), who dropped their third straight. Ben Simmons scored 24 and J.J. Redick had 20 in his return from a seven-game absence with a leg injury.
MAGIC 127, LAKERS 105
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Marreese Speights scored 21 points in his second start of the season, Evan Fournier added 19 and Orlando ran away from Los Angeles in the third quarter.
Winning for only the fourth time in 24 games, the Magic made a franchise-record nine 3s in a 43-point third period, their highest-scoring quarter of the season. They shot 18 for 32 (56 percent) from behind the arc in the game.
With 15 points and six assists, Elfrid Payton was one of seven players to score in double figures for the Magic (15-35).
Julius Randle and Jordan Clarkson scored 20 each for the Lakers, who never led after the first quarter.
PACERS 105, GRIZZLIES 101
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Myles Turner had 15 points and 11 rebounds in his return to the starting lineup, and Indiana beat Memphis for its third straight win.
Turner gave the Pacers a 102-101 lead by hitting two free throws with 34 seconds left.
With two seconds remaining, Wayne Selden missed a floater in the lane that would have given the Grizzlies the lead. Indiana came up with the rebound and sealed it at the foul line with less than a second left.
All five Pacers starters scored in double digits. Bojan Bogdanovic and Darren Collison each had 21 points, Victor Oladipo added 13 and Thaddeus Young had 10.
Marc Gasol had 23 points and nine rebounds for Memphis. Selden led the Grizzlies with 24 points but was ejected with 0.7 seconds remaining after arguing he was fouled on his missed shot.
HORNETS 123, HAWKS 110
ATLANTA (AP) — Kemba Walker hit a career-high nine 3s and scored 38 points, leading Charlotte to a dominant win over Atlanta.
The Hornets never trailed while building double-digit leads in each half.
Dwight Howard had 20 points and 12 rebounds in his return to Atlanta after spending one season with his hometown Hawks. It was Howard's second double-double in less than a week against the Hawks. He had 18 points and 15 rebounds in Charlotte's 121-110 victory Friday.
Nicolas Batum had 10 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists for Charlotte.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Ferrari has identified the weak areas of its 2017 Formula 1 car and has a good understanding of how to address them to maintain its title challenge, says Sebastian Vettel.
The Scuderia has produced its most competitive car in the V6 era this season, enabling it to challenge Mercedes for the constructors' championship with Vettel leading Lewis Hamilton in the drivers' standings.
The two teams' form has ebbed and flowed throughout the season, with Ferrari coming out on top most recently at the tight-and-twisty Hungaroring before F1 paused for its summer break.
That victory followed a run of races that suggested Mercedes had gained the upper hand in the development race, but Vettel said Ferrari knew what areas it needed to address to keep up its charge.
"We've been competitive every track where we've gone," says Vettel.
"It's true that Mercedes has here and there been more competitive and we were a little bit behind.
"It's normal from track to track there's a bit of a difference.
"For drivers, some tracks we like more than others so it's the same for the car.
"It's normal it's up and down but that's not our target - we want to be the best on every track we go. That's not the case yet but we're working on it.
"We have quite a good understanding of what the car needs.
"Now we have the time to look into a couple of things with a bit more peace and calm and try to improve."
Vettel praised Ferrari's efforts with this year's challenge and added it was a good sign that rivals were copying its ideas.
"It's a fact to say in the last couple of years we didn't have the best car and it's a fact to say in the last couple of years we weren't the strongest in developing the car," he said.
"If you look at the last three years, this year is a different story and we keep progressing.
"We've brought a lot of bits, we've seen a lot of bits of people copying ours but that's a good sign.
"It's testimony of good and hard work and the achievement that has gone into this project and we keep pushing flat-out."
Ferrari's one-two in the Hungarian Grand Prix helped the team close to within 39 points of Mercedes in the constructors' standings with nine races to go.
Vettel extended his lead over Hamilton to 14 points and is confident he and his team have the resources and capabilities to fight until the end.
"The team is in much better shape this year and if you have the right results coming your way, you start to pick up some momentum," he said.
"It's up to us to keep it going. I'm quite confident we have the right people.
"We know how to build a strong car and we have improved the engine this year massively so everything is going in the right direction.
"I'm confident we'll be there and fight for big points."
NEW YORK — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms. The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento.
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the NBA's second-worst team.
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period. After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left, the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101.
Crabbe increased Brooklyn's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left, but Memphis made it interesting.
Wayne Selden Jr., who scored 17 points of the bench, hit a 3, and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left. Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Tyreke Evans (inactive) did not play. He was replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup. … Deyonta Davis started at centre in place of Gasol. It was just his third start of the season. … Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds.
Nets: Crabbe moved into second place for the most 3-pointers in a season by a player in franchise history. His first 3-pointer of the night gave him 163, passing Joe Johnson. The 25-year-old is now three shies of Deron Williams' record of 169 set during the 2012-13 season.
UP NEXT
Grizzlies: Continue their three-game trip at Philadelphia on Wednesday night.
Nets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close their three-game homestand.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Many local soccer fans went to Les Schwab Sports Park in Springfield on Sunday, May 20, to watch Lane United Football Club (Lane United or LUFC) take on Sounders U23 in a competitive Premier Development League Northwest Conference match. I took advantage of the opportunity to survey their sentiments about soccer's (if not sports') most popular tournament, which will be played this summer in Russia: the FIFA World Cup.
I asked fans two questions: First, who do they want to win the World Cup? And, second, who do they think will win the World Cup?
Several fans declined to express any preference or projection, confessing a lack of knowledge of or interest in the World Cup or simply dismissing my inquiry. Some fans named countries, like the U.S., that didn't qualify for the 2018 World Cup — I didn't have the heart or time to tell them about the impossibility of such countries winning a tournament in which they aren't participating. And one fan proclaimed the futility of such questions because the competition has been rigged by Russia.
But more than 100 fans provided the following preferences and projections.
As for preferences, 15 fans want Mexico to win the 2018 World Cup, 13 fans want Brazil, 12 want Germany, 10 for Argentina, eight for Iceland and Spain, seven for Costa Rica, six for England and the U.S., four for Denmark and Egypt, three for France and Holland, two for Belgium, and one fan each for Colombia, Italy, Northern Ireland, Panama, Peru, Portugal and Uruguay.
As for projections, 55 fans think Germany will win the soccer World Cup, 18 think Brazil will win it, 13 think Spain will, nine think France, three think Argentina and the U.S., two think England and one projection each for Belgium, Colombia, Holland, Iceland, Italy and Mexico.
Regardless of what happens in this year's World Cup, local fans will also have plenty of good soccer to enjoy this summer in Springfield. LUFC will be playing in Springfield again on Friday, June 1, against Oregon rivals, Timbers U23. Find the LUFC schedule at laneunitedfc.com.
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate his predecessor's health law - but ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Under the Zuma administration, the Guptas have become part of a shadow state, where political power is often exercised from their private residence in Johannesburg rather than through constitutional bodies, the South African cabinet or the A.N.C. itself. As their influence has grown, they have treated the country as their private estate. They used the country's main military airport to land guests for a family wedding. The wedding itself was largely paid for by the Free State provincial government.
The auditing firm KPMG has recently come under fire for failing to flag this transaction. Other international corporations are similarly complicit in Gupta-engineered corruption. McKinsey paid a Gupta-linked company, Trillian, millions of dollars to secure lucrative contracts with Eskom, the state power utility. The Guptas helped broker a locomotive deal with a Chinese manufacturer, earning 5.6 billion rand (about $410 million) in kickbacks from the 30 billion rand (about $2.19 billion) deal.
Meanwhile, President Zuma has purged key state institutions of honest and professional people to appoint acolytes. At the South African Revenue Service, the country's tax authority, investigations into politically connected individuals evading taxes have been shut down.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Jacques Pauw, a celebrated anti-apartheid journalist, recently exposed how President Zuma himself is a delinquent taxpayer. In the specialized police force, the Hawks, criminal investigations are delayed or simply do not happen. The prosecutions authority has also been captured. Even if cases are investigated, they do not find their way to court.
President Zuma had more than 700 charges of fraud and corruption pending against him, but a top prosecutor withdrew the charges in 2009. Earlier this year, the High Court in Pretoria ruled that the decision not to charge him was irrational. In October, the Supreme Court of South Africa upheld the High Court decision.
All this takes place in the context of weak economic growth and rising poverty and inequality in the country. South Africa has still not recovered from the global economic crisis that began in 2008. Economic growth has been broadly in decline for the past five years. Gross domestic product is sluggish at under 1 percent — well below the population growth rate of 1.6 percent.
Unemployment is nearing a shocking 28 percent. If discouraged work seekers are included, 36.6 percent of South Africans are unemployed. The youth unemployment rate hit 55.9 percent in the second quarter of 2017. Since 2013, more than half of eligible young workers have not been able to find jobs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
These cruel figures map onto historical patterns of race and gender inequality. Six in 10 South Africans live on less than $3,090 per year, but 2.2 percent of the population has an annual income exceeding $26,000. Poverty remains largely a black experience. Eighty percent of the population is categorized as poor, but 90 percent of black South Africans fall into this category.
For the A.N.C., which has for decades presented itself as a unifying force for democratic change and development, the country's economic stagnation is an existential threat. The reasons for the country's economic decline are varied and complex. But policy complexity doesn't play well in politics.
Through the work of a London-based public relations firm, Bell Pottinger, in close collaboration with the Gupta family, the analysis that stuck, especially in A.N.C. circles, was that “white monopoly capital” was the problem. That is, growing racial inequality was the result of the stranglehold that whites exercised over the economy. The argument resonated because it is true that patterns of ownership and control in the economy are racially skewed. But it was also a sharp departure from the A.N.C.'s historical commitment to non-racialism.
President Zuma has served his two terms as the president of the A.N.C., and his tenure as the president of South Africa ends in 2019. The next president of the A.N.C. will be the president of the country if the party wins the national elections. The front-runners in the race for the A.N.C. president are Cyril Ramaphosa, the former unionist turned businessman and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the former head of the African Union and President Zuma's ex-wife.
Apart from personalities, the choice ultimately comes down to whether voting delegates believe that the country's direction under President Zuma represents the best future for South Africa.
If they do not, there is at least a chance of a democratic opening in the A.N.C. Maybe then South Africans can begin to look for solutions to their daunting problems that are not based on crude nationalism and racial essentialism.
Uber CEO Backs Out of Joining Trump's Business Council
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press.
Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump [pictured above] on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that."
His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday.
Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule.
White House officials did not respond to requests for comment.
Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi.
The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation.
Yet public outcry about Trump -- specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration -- has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot.
Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order.
Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her.
"This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet."
Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment.
Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend.
"He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil.
Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work.
General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said.
Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — A spokeswoman for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (skuh-LEES') says the Louisiana Republican plans to throw out the first pitch before Friday night's playoff game between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
Scalise made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after he was wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise and four others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice.
Remington rolling block gunsmith? I have a quite uniquely built rolling block in .257 Roberts. My father had a new barrel put on it and a oddly beautiful stock built as well, many many years ago. And this is one of the few rifles that I want to continue modifying like he did. First thing first tho, is this trigger. No joke probably a 12+ lb trigger. it is crisp and my local gunsmith cleaned it and did a very minimal trigger job which did make it more crisp, but he said he didn't want to mess it up so he backed off. Anyone has recommendations for a Smith to make this shootable? I have a few other things I'm interested in doing to it as well. Located in Colorado but I can ship it if the Smith was right.
WASHINGTON – Real Salt Lake are suddenly emerging as the Western Conference's latest road warriors, even after their most recent away trip was extended by an extra night.
The Claret and Cobalt have won three straight away from Rio Tinto Stadium after completing a 1-0 victory against D.C. United in a game that resumed Sunday evening, after torrential storms forced play to be suspended on Saturday night.
After two previous road wins that came in dominating fashion, this time Salt Lake played the role of patient predators, absorbing D.C.'s pressure for an opening hour – played over two evenings – before pouncing through Luis Silva's emphatic 64th-minute volley.
“We came out sharper today, and the energy was there,” said Silva, who scored his second goal of the season and first against D.C. since leaving the club midway through the 2015 season. “I knew I was going to get one more chance, and I put it away.”
Said coach Mike Petke: "We knew in the second half it would open up, and it happened that way."
Silva's goal, coming on RSL's first shot on target, helped the visitors extend an unorthodox six-match unbeaten run that includes three away wins and three home draws.
They now sit three points beneath the playoff line in the Western Conference after their first-ever win at RFK Stadium in this 10th and final trip.
Petke attributes that improved form to his players' increased commitment, and not anything he instilled in the team since he was hired in late March.
“It's my job as a coach and a leader to say this is what I want you to do, this is how I want you to do it,” Petke said. “But it all comes down to the players, if they're willing to take that, if they're willing to sacrifice, and do the things we're asking from them. They've done a fantastic job. Their mentality has really changed.”
Meanwhile, United was left to rue a seventh home shutout to close out a week that began with the most optimistic around East Capitol Street in months. They are now winless in eight games.
Paul Arriola went the full 90 in his club debut after serving as the headline name of the four players last-place D.C. acquired in the MLS secondary transfer window.
Problems remained up front for the Black-and-Red, who struggled for ideas after Silva's smash from just inside the penalty area.
“Sixty minutes of what we need to do to win games,” visibly frustrated D.C. coach Ben Olsen said of the performance. “Sixty minutes, what's that worth? Nothing. Another loss is what 60 minutes of high-level stuff gets you.”
Additionally, LG claims that this mobile display uses "as much as 30 percent" less power than the one on the G6, though it fails to specify under what condition. The company also mentioned the panel's support for 100-percent DCI-P3 color gamut, while the G7 ThinQ also offers six screen color modes -- Auto, Eco, Cinema, Sports, Game and Expert -- that are common on TVs, and these can be toggled automatically depending on the video content.
We have a feeling that LG has more to say about this upcoming smartphone's screen, let alone the dedicated Google Assistant button that it'll apparently come with, but chances are we'll have to wait until early May for the full reveal.
Air New Zealand has secured aircraft on short-term leases to cover for Boeing 787s grounded because of engine issues and reduced some operating parameters for the rest of its 787 fleet. The carrier has leased an Airbus A330-200 and A340-300 from Portugal-based Hi Fly. The two aircraft will start to serve the carrier's Australian routes by next week. They will take over all of Air New Zealand's flights from Auckland to Perth, and some of its flights to Sydney. These will be the ...
WHISTLER, B.C. — Before all the attention turns to the G7's big show in Quebec next week, the finance lieutenants from the exclusive club of industrialized nations will have a more peaceful setting to discuss global economic issues over the coming days as they gather in B.C.'s Coast Mountains.
But even with a far quieter backdrop than that likely to surround the La Malbaie leaders summit and its headliner, the potentially disrupting force of U.S. President Donald Trump, the G7 finance ministers will still have to address concerns suddenly making noise in Europe.
And the issue involves one of the G7's own: Italy.
Political turmoil there has been felt across the European Union over worries the country is close to a new financial crisis. There are also concerns — although viewed as unlikely at this point — that Italy could abandon the euro currency.
The instability in Italy spilled into global markets this week, raising fears a crisis there could spread to the global economy.
Experts in G7 summitry predict the concerns surrounding Italy, as well as other worries about Argentina and Turkey, will land on the tables of finance ministers and central bankers when they gather Thursday in the B.C. resort town of Whistler to begin three days of meetings.
The more pressing issues tied to these countries could take some attention away from pre-set agenda items the Canadian government has laid out for the Whistler meetings.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau will be in charge of carrying out the Trudeau government's Whistler game plan, which has overarching themes for the G7 that closely line up with key policy areas promoted by the Liberals' domestic agenda.
They include finding ways to ensure economic growth benefits more people, as well as a push towards gender equality and the empowerment of women. Whistler will also feature joint sessions between G7 development and finance ministers with a goal of finding ways to lift support for poor nations and a focus on girls' education.
The meeting will also give Morneau an opportunity to hold face-to-face discussions with U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on trade frictions between the two countries.
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum. Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday.
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
For the group, said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto, the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and he expects markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit.
“We now have, potentially, a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that,” Kirton said.
“They're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right…. I don't think they ever really imagined they'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve.”
In addition to Canada, the U.S. and Italy, the other G7 countries are Japan, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Tom Bernes, a former G7 finance deputy who's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy.
“While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words, clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased,” Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, wrote in an email.
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system, the impacts of technological change on jobs, international tax co-ordination, global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world's economy.
When it comes to international bodies, much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler.
Earlier this month, Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced he would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of his country's currency.
Bernes said he expects G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina, which happens to hold this year's G20 presidency. But he added he'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation.
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler, particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel, aluminum and automobiles, he added.
“There is a possibility for sparks to fly.”
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A person was shot and later died in a shooting on Friday, according to Metrosafe.
MetroSafe said the call came in at 6:23 p.m. It happened in the 3200 block of East Indian Trail off Preston Highway near Fern Valley Road.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Police and EMS were on the way, officials said.
WAVE 3 has a crew en route to the scene.
No other information was immediately available.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Wife of incoming Lesotho Prime Minister shot dead
Police say the wife of incoming Lesotho Prime Minister Tom Thabane was shot dead late on Wednesday, two days before her husband's inauguration, raising fears of another wave of political violence in the southern African mountain kingdom. Police spokesperson Clifford Molefe said Lipolelo Thabane, 58, was traveling home with a friend when both women where shot by an unknown assailant in the town of Masana, just outside the capital, Maseru. Molefe said Lipolelo died on the scene while her friend was taken to a nearby hospital.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Have your say
Firefighters have been called to a tractor ablaze in Badwell Ash.
A crew from Elmswell is using two hose reel jets to extinguish the fire, in Langham Road.
A spokeswoman for Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service said the tractor was ‘well alight'.
The fire service was called at 12.52pm.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for - or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
___
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: "Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account." Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
___
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's "Today" that the group identified voters who might be swayed and "injected content" that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent.
_______
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that "took fake news to the next level" using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used "informational dominance" to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's "Today," Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The second Zumwalt-class stealth destroyer has passed its sea test.
A statement from Naval Sea Systems Command says the future USS Michael Monsoor successfully completed its acceptance trials Thursday.
The Portland Press Herald reports the statement says onboard systems such as navigation, damage control, mechanical, combat, communication and propulsion met or exceeded specifications.
The 610-foot-long Monsoor headed out to sea for the first time in December. Its first sea trials were cut short because of equipment failures.
The Monsoor is the second built at Maine's Bath Iron Works in a class of three futuristic-looking ships that feature electric-drive propulsion, new radar and sonar, powerful guns and missiles and a stealthy shape.
The cost of the three Zumwalt-class destroyers is estimated at $22 billion, the most expensive Navy destroyers ever built.
———
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
See The Face of 2 Catholic Priests Killed By Herdsmen in Benue
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue. A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the […]
The post See The Face of 2 Catholic Priests Killed By Herdsmen in Benue appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Watch every round of the 2018-2019 LaLiga season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
The Spain international signed a new five-year deal in 2015, which includes a release clause of $NZD251 million.
His representative, Vicente Fores, says the club vowed to hold talks over a renewal for the 29-year-old when Raul Sanllehi was still in place as director of football.
Sanllehi left for Arsenal last November and Fores claims there has still been no contact from Barça about a new contract.
"Raul Sanllehi was still at the club when they told us not to worry, that they were going to call us to renew," he told Sport. "But we are still waiting. It's been a year and a half now."
Fores suggested Barça were showing a lack of appreciation for Alba, although he inaccurately claimed his client was named in the 2017 FIFA FIFPro World XI and finished the season as the defender with the highest number of assists in Europe.
"We don't understand anything, maybe it's normal for Barça or maybe they're not happy with the performances of a player included in FIFA's XI and who is the defender with the most assists in European football," he said.
"There are two years left [on the deal] and we will see what's going on, but we're relaxed about it."
Alba enjoyed an impressive season for Barça as they won the LaLiga and Copa del Rey double during Ernesto Valverde's first season in charge.
The left-back signed from Valencia in 2012 in a €14m deal.
Gabi says leaving Atletico Madrid was the hardest decision he has had to make in his career, with the club captain heading to Qatar.
The 34-year-old has agreed to join Stars League side Al Sadd, where he will join forces with another LaLiga icon in former Barcelona star Xavi.
Gabi announced his move at a news conference on Tuesday and said it was the right time to move on.
"It's a difficult and emotional day, thanks for helping me make the hardest decision of my career," Gabi said.
"I've been thinking with my heart since I was 12 and now I have to do it with my head.
"Two reasons. The first, that in a week I turn 35 and I probably do not have another similar opportunity.
"The second, that the two previous times [he could have left] I would not have been winning. This time I have the chance to leave with a title."
Gabi scored the last goal as Atletico beat Marseille 3-0 to seal the Europa League title and the midfielder is already plotting his return to the Wanda Metropolitano.
"I want to return as soon as possible, everyone knows that I consider it my home and I will help the club or with a scarf in my hand," Gabi added.
"First to learn English, to prepare myself and in two or three years I hope to be here."
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. — Televangelist Pat Robertson is recovering after suffering an embolic stroke.
In an online news release, The Christian Broadcasting Network, which Robertson founded, says he was rushed to the nearest stroke centre Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms.
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs, Robertson was awake, responsive and able to move all his limbs.
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery.
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson hosts its flagship show “The 700 Club.”
GIRARD, Ohio (WYTV) – The solar eclipse is a week away but there are still places to get special viewing glasses.
The solar eclipse on Monday, August 21 will start at 1 p.m., with the sunlight being blocked by 80 percent at 2:30 p.m. After that, the sky will begin to brighten and will be back to normal at 4 p.m.
It is a rare point in time when the moon's alignment will block out the sun — an event which hasn't happened from coast-to-coast in 109 years.
Two local libraries are receiving glasses through a NASA program providing 2 million glasses to libraries across the country.
The Bristol Public Library on Route 88 in Bristolville and the Girard Free Library on E. Prospect Street will be giving out a limited quantity of the glasses. They are available first come, first served until they are gone.
The Bristol Library will be distributing glasses from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Thursday and 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Friday. Girard will be passing them out to Girard residents only starting on Monday.
NASA issued a warning last month that unsafe eclipse glasses are being distributed by “unscrupulous companies.” The space agency recommends only using eclipse glasses with ISO 12312-2 printed on them by particular companies.
Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of its customers, letting them know that their purchased solar eclipse glasses weren't confirmed safe for viewing. Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
The American Astronomical Society has a list of reputable vendors on its website.
Locally, Lowe's is selling them for $1.98 each. They're going fast so the store recommends that you call first before you visit. They're sold out at the Boardman store but as of Monday afternoon, were available at the Hermitage, New Castle, Butler, and Erie locations.
Home Depot said it never received any glasses and recommended ordering online.
Mill Creek MetroParks has 1,000 glasses, which will be given out during a viewing party on August 21 between 1 and 4 p.m.
Grove City College's Physics Department is also hosting a viewing party. Telescopes and free eclipse viewing glasses will be available, as well the college's resident astronomer, from noon to 5 p.m. on August 21 on the College Quad between Harbison Chapel and Crawford Hall.
Experts with Youngstown State's Ward Beecher Planetarium stress that those hoping to catch a glimpse of the moon blocking the sun must have proper eye protection.
“Certainly, protect your eyes with solar eclipse glasses. Sunglasses are not okay to look at the sun. You can also use pinhole protectors. You can use telescopes if they're outfitted with solar filters,” Professor Tiffany Stone Wolbecht said.
If you want to see the event through a telescope with proper eye protection, the planetarium will be at the Canfield Fair from 1 to 4 p.m. that day.
The next total eclipse will happen on April 8, 2024, when it will pass right over Newton Falls.
LONDON — England winger Anthony Watson is set to miss the tour of South Africa in June after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a left Achilles injury.
Watson was hurt in a tackle in the first half of England's 24-15 loss to Ireland on Saturday, the final day of the Six Nations.
Watson, who underwent rehabilitation work on another Achilles injury last year, had only just displaced Mike Brown as England's fullback. He has 15 tries in 33 tests.
EDMONTON — Police are hoping that they can provide a silver lining to an Edmonton-area retiree whose nest egg was stolen during a recent robbery.
Officers were called to the man's property northeast of the city on April 11 to investigate a break and enter.
Police say a thief or thieves had broken into a safe in the garage and stolen silver bars worth more than $210,000.
Various items in the man's home were also taken, including a number of registered firearms valued at almost $20,000 and a large amount of ammunition.
Investigators are asking that anyone with information about the stolen property or those responsible please contact the Edmonton Police Service or Crime Stoppers.
From Benedict Cumberbatch in The Imitation Game to Daniel Radcliffe in What If, Gravity to Foxcatcher, here's our (regularly updated) pick of 30 actually good movies to watch on Amazon Prime UK right now...
Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode and more star in this moving historical movie about real-life code breaker Alan Turing, who decrypted German intelligence codes for the British during World War II.
Read our full review
A stylish 60s-set coming of age drama, following Carey Mulligan's Jenny: a smart, sheltered schoolgirl heading for Oxford University whose life is turned upside down when she meets a charming, older man.
Read our full review
Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey star in this fantasy rom-com as a couple who erase each other from their memories after a painful break up.
Read our full review
Shakespeare gets a gritty, grimy makeover in this epic retelling of the infamous tragedy, starring Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard.
Read our full review
Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall and Martin Sheen star in this Francis Ford Coppola movie set during the Vietnam War and inspired by Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness.
Read our full review
This 80s-set movie about a rodeo cowboy who is diagnosed with AIDS and given 30 days to live won Matthew McConaughey his first Academy Award.
Read our full review
A seriously scary Oscar-winning thriller starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as an engineer and an astronaut who are stranded in space after their shuttle is hit with high-speed debris.
Read our full review
This flick about millionaire John E du Pont and his Olympic Wrestling team earned Steve Carell and Mark Ruffalo acting Oscar nominations.
Read our full review
Sally Hawkins takes the lead as Poppy, a single 30-year-old teacher with an unbreakably positive attitude in this thought-provoking flick.
Read our full review
Adrien Brody leads this Academy Award winner about a Polish-Jewish musician who struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.
Read our full review
PHILADELPHIA — Just when you thought Army-Navy couldn't get any more intense, it snowed.
Then 60 minutes of bruising football came down to squinting through that snow to see where a long field goal attempt would land.
Wide left. Cue the celebration for Army. The Black Knights are back.
Bennett Moehring narrowly missed a 48-yard field goal on the final play and Army held off Navy 14-13 on Saturday to win the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy for the first time since 1996.
Army (9-3) earned its second straight win over Navy (6-6) following 14 straight losses in the series.
“We've got seniors in there that went 4-8 as freshmen and 2-10 as sophomores,” Army coach Jeff Monken said. “Now they've won 17 games in the last two years. Really an incredible change.”
After trailing most of the game, Ahmad Bradshaw pushed over the goal line on a quarterback sneak with 5:10 remaining and Blake Wilson kicked the extra point to put Army ahead.
But Navy's spectacular Malcolm Perry wasn't finished.
The quarterback, who ran for 250 yards on 30 carries and a 68-yard score in the second quarter, led Navy to the Army 31 with 3 seconds left.
Navy elected to try a field goal, and after about 10 players used their feet to clear the steady snow during a timeout, Moehring's kick was long enough but drifted barely left.
“Came up a couple of feet short,” Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo said. “This is a great rivalry. It was another classic game.”
Army cut its deficit in the series to 60-51-7 in a matchup of bowl-bound teams. The Black Knights claimed the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy thanks to an earlier victory over Air Force.
“That trophy hadn't been in our possession for 21 years,” said Monken, in his fourth season. “To be able to accomplish that with this team is a great source of pride.”
In a game that included only three passes — Army completed its lone toss — the Black Knights produced a 13-play, 65-yard drive to take a late lead. John Trainor tiptoed the sideline for 8 yards one play before Bradshaw's 12th touchdown of the season.
Bradshaw also scored the go-ahead touchdown in last year's victory over Navy.
“I actually don't think I would've gotten in if not for my fullback and my offensive line,” said Bradshaw, who rushed for 94 yards on 21 carries. “I kind of stopped, but I felt like (fullback) Andy (Davidson) picked me up and kind of walked me into the end zone.”
Navy took advantage of the ensuing kickoff going out of bounds and moved down the field. Perry dropped a shotgun snap on fourth down at the Army 37, but picked up the ball and ran for a first down. But Navy committed two false start penalties, making the final field goal attempt more difficult.
Snow started falling in the late morning on the 29-degree day. Workers used blowers to uncover the lines and hashmarks during timeouts as a light snow fell throughout.
The teams, both of whom run the triple-option, combined to complete only 59 passes all season. The snow made both coaches want to throw it even less than Navy went ahead 7-0 on Darnell Woolfolk's 3-yard run on the opening possession.
The first pass came with under 9 minutes left in the second quarter. Army completed its only pass, a 20-yard wobbler from Bradshaw to Calen Holt, midway through the third quarter.
The weather made one of sports' biggest rivalries an even more physical contest. Army's all-white uniforms — a nod to the 10th Mountain Division of World War II — served as almost camouflage in the snow.
Perry was the star through three quarters. Getting the start at quarterback ahead of Zach Abey, his long touchdown run in the second quarter was his third rushing TD of more than 65 yards this season.
Perry looked like he might have another long touchdown run, but he stumbled and fell at the Navy 11 early in the third quarter. Army senior John Voit chased him down.
“I'm not sure if I hit his foot or not,” Voit said. “But I think I got enough where he slipped slipped in the snow and thank God he went down down.”
Army then held Navy to a Moehring's second field goal, from 24 yards, to make it 13-7 and allow for their fourth quarter comeback.
“There was never a moment our guys doubted we were going to win the game,” Monken said. “When you love a group of people like I love them, I can tell when their emotions change. We never lost momentum.”
THE TAKEAWAY
Army: Monken has Army on a major upswing. This victory will do wonders for a program that had suffered through the longest losing streak by either team in this rivalry.
Navy: Perry was the fastest and most dangerous player on the field, and Niumatalolo indicated the quarterback job will be his next season. Navy outgunned Army 296-241, but were again hurt by costly penalties.
JASPER COACHES
Navy offensive co-ordinator Ivin Jasper coached after missing Wednesday's practice to be with his 14-year-old son. Jarren Jasper has had medical issues as he awaits a heart transplant.
MILESTONE
Simone Askew made history when she led the Corps of Cadets in the pregame march-on. Askew is the first black woman to be first captain, the highest student position at West Point.
TRUMP & TILLERSON: A year after attending the game as president-elect, Donald Trump tweeted that he would be watching on TV. “On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service!” the president wrote.
After the game, Trump tweeted: “Great Army – Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF'S TROPHY! Congratulations!”
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson handled the opening coin toss.
UP NEXT
Army: Armed Forces Bowl vs. San Diego State on Dec. 23 in Fort Worth, Texas.
Navy: Military Bowl vs. Virginia on Dec. 28 in Annapolis, Maryland.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Find out which channel every major sporting event is on TV this year, including full details from BBC, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more
Find out when and where every major sporting event in 2018 is on TV with RadioTimes.com's full guide to the year in sport.
Advertisement
From the 2018 World Cup to Wimbledon, England cricket to live rugby, athletics, cycling and more, we've listed when each event is taking place and which channel will be broadcasting it.
Check back regularly as we add more events to our guide to the best of BBC Sport, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more.
And with the likes of Amazon making waves in the sports rights market, it's always worth checking whether the event you want to watch is available – even if you're not a regular subscriber.
For major events such as the Fifa World Cup we will include separate guides to all the live fixtures on TV. Click the links below for more details.
July
14 June-15 July: 2018 Football World Cup in Russia – live on BBC and ITV (full fixtures here)
2-15 July: Wimbledon 2018 tennis – live on BBC
4 July: T20 Blast cricket tournament starts – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
7-29 July: Tour de France 2018 – live on ITV and Eurosport
8 July: Formula 1 British Grand Prix, Silverstone – live on Channel 4 and Sky Sports
14-15 July: World Cup Athletics London 2018 – live on BBC
15 July: World Cup final – live on BBC and ITV
19-22 July: The Open golf – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
21-22 July: London Anniversary Games – live on BBC
21 July-5 August: Women's World Cup hockey – live on BT Sport
August
1-5 August: England v India Test cricket series starts (1st Test at Edgbaston) – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
1-12 August: European Sports Championships – live on BBC
9-12 August: US PGA Championship golf – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
11-12 August: 2018-2019 Premier League season starts – live on Sky Sports, NOW TV and BT Sport
25 August: Rugby league Challenge Cup final – live on BBC
27 August – 9 September: US Open tennis – live on Amazon Prime Video
September
15 September: T20 Blast Finals Day – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
28-30 September: Ryder Cup golf – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
October
10 October: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st ODI – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
13 October: Super League Grand Final – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
22-28 October: Tennis WTA Finals – live on BT Sport
27 November: Rugby league international: England v New Zealand
November
3 November: Rugby union Autumn internationals begin: England v South Africa; Wales v Scotland – live on BBC, Sky Sports and NOW TV
3-14 November: Women's World Twenty20 Cricket World Cup – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
6 November: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st Test – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
10 November: Rugby Autumn internationals: England v New Zealand – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
12-18 November: Tennis ATP Finals – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
23-25 November: Tennis Davis Cup final
27 November-9 December: Snooker UK Championship – live on BBC
Advertisement
28 November-16 December: Hockey Men's World Cup – live on Sky Sports and NOW TV
The map seemed to be an unbelievable find, an unknown fifth original of the rarest of documents, a vision of the world, circa 1507, by famed German cartographer Martin Waldseemüller. It features 12 “globe gores” — like a world map drawn on an orange peel that has been sectioned and squashed flat.
Designed to be cut out and pasted around a sphere, these creations of Waldseemüller are thought to be the first printed globes ever made, as well as the first maps ever to use the name “America.”
Christie's, the auction house, estimated the new find would fetch from $800,000 to $1.2 million when it went on the block Dec. 13 at its London salesroom.
But something about the map did not seem right to Alex Clausen, a San Diego-based rare-map dealer, who compared it to high-resolution images of the other known copies.
“The printed image was either quite heavy or missing altogether,” he said. “We were suspicious right from the beginning.”
In recent weeks, he and other experts approached Christie's with their concerns, and last week the map was withdrawn from auction until questions about its authenticity could be resolved.
“We did a thorough analysis and have found evidence that supports assertions that a photograph was used to create a photomechanical reproduction,” said Julian Wilson, a specialist with the auction house's Books & Manuscripts Department.
When a map promoted as being extraordinarily rare, like this one, appears on the market, if often attracts wide attention from experts in the field, who use high-resolution images to study the artifact. In this instance that scrutiny led to the questions.
The printed image was either quite heavy or missing altogether. We were suspicious right from the beginning
The experts — including Clausen's employer, Barry Ruderman of Barry Lawrence Ruderman Antique Maps, and Michal Peichl, a Houston-based paper restorer — had many concerns about the map. For a 500-year-old document, they said, the provenance for it supplied before the auction was a bit thin: the estate of a British paper restorer.
The paper, with remnants of glue, seemed old enough. But in one spot, Peichl saw, print from the map seemed to be on top of the glue, suggesting that the map's image was superimposed on the paper after it had been removed from a book.
They also spied irregularities in the printing that could suggest photomechanical reproduction. An original 16th-century map would have been made by gouging an image into a piece of wood, removing anything not to be printed, and then inking it and pressing a piece of paper onto the relief. The blocks can degrade over time as they become worn, so subsequent originals can lose detail. But the Christie's map seems to have gained detail in several spots when compared to one of the originals, which the experts said gave them pause.
Nick Wilding, a rare-book expert who teaches history at Georgia State University, found more troubling evidence. Wilding won fame in rare-book circles in 2012 for exposing a book, promoted as a rare ancient copy of a work by Galileo, as fraudulent.
For Wilding, the biggest clue that something was off, he said, was a white line in the Christie's map. It matched a spot in an authentic print of the map now held at the James Ford Bell Library at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, where extra paper had apparently been added to repair a tear.
An original map, one that came directly off the woodblock, would not have replicated that tear, which happened later, Wilding said. But this map did and so, he said, he believes the map Christie's has represents a reproduction of the Bell map.
Christie's made the decision to withdraw the map after Wilson traveled to Minnesota in recent days and reviewed the two maps side by side. “Obviously, it was a bit of a blow,” he said. “But you never stop learning in this business.”
Three months ago, Wilson had been overjoyed when a man who identified himself as a descendant of Arthur Bruno Drescher, the paper restorer, brought the Waldseemüller map into Christie's London office off the street. The man, who the auction house said preferred to remain anonymous, said he had found the map among his deceased relative's papers.
As Wilson held it up to the light against a window, the paper seemed to be authentic. “My legs began to shake,” he later said. “I never imagined I would ever have come across this map.”
For additional proof then, he flew to Munich to compare the map to the one in the Bavarian State Library. That map, tucked into a copy of Ptolemy's Geographia, was thought to have had a provenance dating to the 1700s. It later ended up in the hands of storied collector H.P. Kraus before the library bought it from his estate for about $1.2 million in 1991.
A collector or dealer, with just the technology on their desktops, can identify a forgery that consistently fooled auction houses and experts in the past
Comparing the two copies, Wilson found that, while the paper was different, the image printed on them was a perfect match. Several other experts consulted by Christie's agreed it appeared authentic.
When Clausen contacted him in early November with concerns, Wilson said in an interview that he had remained confident because, among other things, the paper and the Bavarian map's long provenance seemed solid evidence that the map he was bringing to market was indeed an original.
Wilding, however, has since suggested that the provenance of the Bavarian map is also suspect, and said the first time that map was mentioned in any document was in 1960.
For collectors and historians, any Waldseemüller map would be a magnificent find. In the early 16th century, when the cartographer joined a group of other humanists in the town of Saint-Dié in the mountains of eastern France, Europeans' view of the world was based almost entirely on Ptolemy, the second-century Roman mathematician.
While Ptolemy's geography was accurate for Europe, it became increasingly speculative as it ventured farther into Africa and Asia. Waldseemüller and his partner Matthias Ringmann set out to create a new edition of Ptolemy that would correct some of these errors and incorporate new discoveries filtering in from explorers like Columbus.
Among the sources Waldseemüller and Ringmann perused were letters written by Florentine explorer Amerigo Vespucci. They described a “new world,” not depicted on Ptolemy's map, that lay far to the southwest across the ocean. The pair rushed out new maps focusing on these exciting discoveries, including the globe gores and a large wall map — the only surviving copy of which was acquired by the Library of Congress in 2003 for $10 million.
With the globe gores, Waldseemüller sought to go beyond Ptolemy, who only covered 270 degrees in his world map and who focused on the three known parts of the world — Europe, Africa, and Asia. Globe makers had traditionally left the other 90 degrees a blank terra incognita, or marked it as all ocean.
Using Vespucci's letters along with manuscript maps of Spanish and Portuguese explorers, Waldseemüller created a fourth part of the world — a new landmass surrounded entirely by water.
In naming this new place, Waldseemüller and Ringmann passed over Columbus, who had first reached the New World in 1492, but only set foot on the mainland in 1498, in favor of Vespucci, who said he had landed there in 1497. They squeezed the word that honored him, America, into the sliver of continent on both maps representing the modern coast of South America.
Scholars later doubted whether Vespucci had actually visited America as early as 1497. Even Waldseemüller apparently had second thoughts, leaving the name off his later maps. But the name stuck and was adopted by other mapmakers.
For years, only one of the globe gores was known to exist. Once owned by the Prince of Liechtenstein in the late 19th century, it made its way to the Bell Library in 1954. A second copy appeared at a Sotheby's auction in 1960, and was bought by Kraus, whose heirs later sold it to the Bavarian library. More recently, two other copies believed to be authentic have emerged, one from a monastic library in Offenburg, Germany, in 1993 and another discovered in a European collection and sold by Christie's in 2005 for $1 million.
Of course, it was exciting for many in the trade to think there had been a fifth version of the globe gores in existence. But if there is a silver lining to such doubts, the experts said it was that today's technology has made it easier to spot possible fakes and forgeries from afar.
“It proves,” Ruderman said, “that in modern times, a collector or dealer, with just the technology on their desktops, can identify a forgery that consistently fooled auction houses and experts in the past.”
