Observer Report
Santiago
Trade Development Authority of Pakistan (TDAP) with Ministry of Commerce & Textile (Commerce Division) and Embassy of Pakistan, Buenos Aires Argentina organized “1st Pakistan Single Country Exhibition (Emerging Pakistan)” in Santiago, Chile from 26th to 29th May 2018 at Estacion Mapocho. Leading Pakistani companies from textile, sports goods, surgical, pharma, handicrafts, cutlery, furniture and designer wear participated in the event. The event was aimed at promoting and strengthening Pakistan – Chile Business Interests and this event provided great opportunity for the businessmen from both the countries to develop long term business relations.
The event started on 26th May 2018 (Saturday) and visited by large number of peoples every day till 29th May 2018 to experience and purchase Pakistani products. B2B between Pakistani exhibitors and Chile Businessmen was a regular feature of the event. The leading companies from the textile, sports goods, cutlery and surgical received export orders and established relations with potential buyers for long term business relations. The composite stall of Pakistan pavilion and designer wears remained the center of attraction by the visitors and so many designer / fashion wear companies showed interest to purchase fashion products of Pakistan.
Ayaz Muhammad Khan, Pakistan Ambassador to Argentina invited the diplomatic and top business community on 28th May 2018 to visit the event to show them the true potential of Pakistani products. The Presidential representative for Santiago, Governor Karla Rubilar was the chief guest of the occasion and the event was attended by ambassador of the USA, Ambassador of Guatemala, Ambassador of Costa Rica, Ambassador of Vietnam, Ambassador of Ecuador, Consul General of Turkey, Consul General of the Philippines, Counsel General of Thailand, Consul General of Belgium Consul General of India along with top businessmen of Chile.
The chief guest along with other diplomats and guests visited stalls of Pakistani goods and praised the quality of goods especially of sports and surgical goods. She has also shown great interest in the fashion wears of Pakistan displayed in the composite stall and praised the modern outlook of Pakistan Fashion Industry. She assured all possible supports to Pakistani businessmen to strengthen business ties between both the countries.
The event concluded on 29th May 2018 and most of the exhibitors either get the orders for supply of goods or established contacts with potential buyers of Chile to supply Pakistani products as per their requirements. Many Pakistani exhibitors were also invited by Chile businessmen at their offices to further discuss and finalize the business deals.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 9:52 am |
In this image made available by Society 4 Climate Change Communication, Sierra Leone, mud and water flow in Freetown Sierra Leone, Monday. (Society 4 Climate Change Communication via AP)
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) - Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies Monday after heavy rains and flooding early in the day killed at least 200 people in Sierra Leone's capital.
Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster.
“The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses,” he told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.
Kamara urged the Health Department to deploy more ambulances, saying his mortuary only has four.
Military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation currently ongoing, officials said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the West African country's rainy season.
by Melanie Lidman
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNS) — Two years ago, the women of the Ngando women's peacemaking group, an empowerment project in a slum of Nairobi, used to sit on a blanket and make their beaded handicrafts under the shade of a tree in the church courtyard.
But with the arrival of a new store in a converted container, proudly advertising their wares along the busy Ngong Road, the group has blossomed. The peacemaking circle has doubled in size and implemented a thriving “table banking” system, providing temporary loans to up to five women per week.
There's one difference: You may not see them dancing for the customers.
Previously, customers who purchased an array of beaded work from the women were met with exclamations of joy, ululations and traditional dancing. The women were thrilled beyond belief that their items were selling.
But now they have a brisk business from their new store with an inviting, shaded balcony on a busy thoroughfare. They find themselves hosting more visitors interested in the peacemaking program, and selling many more handmade goods, in addition to grains and vegetables for their neighbors. While the women are appreciative of their customers, the transactions no longer provoke the same reaction because they are much more commonplace.
Global Sisters Report first visited the Women's Peacemaking project in Ngando in January 2015. The Ngando project is one of the local chapters of a countrywide initiative in which the Association of Sisterhoods of Kenya's Justice and Peace Commission has trained more than 500 women, who completed a summer-long conflict resolution and economic empowerment training.
The trainees are mostly laywomen, but include a few religious sisters. They hail from across the country and gain tools for defusing small local conflicts, like disputes over fences or resources.
After the training, these women return to their communities across all 25 dioceses of Kenya and share their knowledge by creating “peacemaking circles,” groups of women from their neighborhood whom they train to act as local mediators. In this way, the conflict resolution training trickles out to the most local level.
In 2014, Solphine Othuol, an HIV counselor from Kibera who completed the peacemaking training, started the women's group in Ngando, since she used to work at a clinic in the neighborhood. Once a week, she laid a blanket under a tree in the courtyard of St. Vincent Pallotti Church, and up to 30 women would gather for seminars on conflict resolution, empowerment and health. They also learned beading techniques to make small crafts to sell at local markets.
“There is a lot of conflict here, like tribal clashes or petty issues with neighbors any time people live so close together,” Othuol explained in January 2015.
Ngando is a neighborhood in Kibera, Nairobi's largest slum and the second-largest on the continent after South Africa's Soweto. More than a million people live in Kibera's sprawling network of mud alleys filled with trash, crowding into corrugated tin houses crammed into every inch of space.
Refugees from the 2008 post-election violence make up the majority of the Ngando neighborhood. After accusations of fraud sparked conflicts along tribal lines, more than 1,000 people died in the violence, and 660,000 more were displaced from their homes, according to Amnesty International. After their homes and fields were destroyed, many fled to Nairobi, and landed in Kibera.
Ngando became a blend of internal refugees from many different ethnic groups, crowded together in hastily built shacks. As in any impoverished urban slum, conflicts are inevitable. Many of the refugees were farmers, and when they moved to the city, they lost the only livelihood they knew. Many are also HIV-positive. Residents came from different tribes, arriving as a result of trauma and loss, which exacerbated the situation.
This year, two sisters from the Justice and Peace Commission who facilitate the peacemaking program located a shipping container from a donor, and organized with St. Vincent Pallotti and the city council to set up the roadside store just in front of the church.
The city council has waived taxes and fees for setting up the store, except for a low annual tax. The church donated electricity and a cement floor for the porch. St Vincent will use half of the container for a religious bookstore, and the priest told the sisters he will pay the women rent, though the bookstore has yet to open.
The process of creating a permanent space where the women can meet and sell their goods has completely transformed the group.
“We are so much happier because we get a place to call ours,” said Sister Josephine Muthoni Kwenga, a Sister of St. Joseph of Tarbes, who facilitates a number of peacemaking groups in the greater Nairobi area. “We can meet, we can store things, we can work. We used to be outside in the rain. Now we can meet as a group even when it's raining.”
Their public spot has also raised the profile of the women's group. A local charity called the Navigators-Kenya passed by the shop over the summer, saw the items women were selling, and asked the sisters if the charity could run its two-month women's entrepreneurship course for the peacemakers called EPTF, or Economic Projects Transformational Facility.
As the group has grown, so have the women. “Through interactions with one another when we come to meet, you can get out of yourself,” said Jan Wangari Donu, a 55-year-old Ngando resident who was part of the original class of Ngando peacemakers. “When you stay alone, you are only looking at your own difficulties and you sink into yourself. When we meet together, you begin to learn from what others are sharing. We have a partner who trained us to know ourselves and our potential. We are discovering other ways of uplifting ourselves.”
The transformation is most evident in the way the women carry themselves: more confident, more willing to speak up and share their experiences, even in English, which few had the confidence to speak before. Some of that is due to the table banking, an informal loan program that enables the women to pool their small resources in order to help each other get small loans. This allows them to build up their own small businesses, such as selling items at the market, and the women are more economically stable than they were two years ago.
Sister Kwenga said, “Now sometimes the family will say, if they see one of the women getting angry, ‘Isn't it time for you to go to the meeting of the women?' ”
One of their most popular techniques for conflict resolution that they teach is still the “sip of water” tactic, she said. “We teach them to take a sip of water and hold it in your mouth,” said Sister Kwenga. “It means you can't talk. That gives you a pause to think how to react.”
The next class of peacemakers in Ngando will start soon with the six-month peacemaking training, before they move on to beadwork workshops. Approximately 30 women will take part in the next course.
There are still a number of challenges to overcome. Though the beadwork is selling better than before, the women still struggle to sell their items, as they lament that they “haven't tapped into the right market.” Because the items don't sell, the group doesn't have enough money to buy more materials to make more things, explained Wanjiro. So although the women want to keep working, they cannot take the materials home to expand their output.
The women have expanded into items like vegetables and grains, which should increase their sales among local residents.
Although they may not have enough materials, some women are still taking the lessons to heart. “I advise women that there's always work to do with your hands,” said Jan Kiambi, 36. “Don't sit and home and think ‘I'm unemployed and helpless.' There's a lot you can do for yourself.”
“I sell firewood, and before I came to the group and learned peacebuilding, if someone stopped ordering from me I would get so angry and stop talking to them,” said Donu.
“Today, I won't get angry at them. I will still love them as a person and talk to them. He's not the one losing — when I get angry, I lose,” she said. “The way I have approached such challenges has changed me. Before I joined the group, I was alone. When you're managing your life alone, it's full of suffering, you never think anyone can love you. But now I have gained confidence and peace in how we are.”
Copyright ©2017 Catholic News Service / U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
The Monza Rally Show brings together all manner of racing machine eager to get down on a mixture of the circuit's racing surfaces. There was an entry this year that may have seemed a bit foreign to the Italian crowd watching and listening to the action. Wearing a Jeep badge and seven-slotted grille up front, a Pro 2 racing truck piloted by Cassie Currie attacked the course and delighted fans with spectacular drifting action and throaty engine noise.
CHECK OUT: 2017 Ford F-150 Raptor first drive review: One of a kind on road and off
I've actually been fortunate enough to spend a few laps in the passenger seat as Currie drove a truck over jumps and across dirt. That was during some warm up rounds ahead of a Lucas Oil Off Road Racing Series event. Currie can fling the rig through the corners with ease, and we took to the sky with equal comfort. Here on the tightly chicaned sections of Monza, the action looks a bit more difficult. It can't be easy to get his truck to handle some of those tight corners.
Still, he solves that problem with some vitamin T. Torque is clearly saving the day here. This "Jeep" is surely running some manner of massive racing V-8 engine under its hood and between its tubular frame. The result is a truck that makes glorious noises, boasts insane levels of travel, and looks to be one sure fire way to have way too much fun.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
In what has become a characteristic feature of the Trump presidency, a Twitter dispute regarding crowd size went viral on 9 December 2017. In this case, the contested crowd had gathered the night before to hear Mr. Trump speak at a rally in Pensacola, Florida. The speech, just before a special election for U.S. Senator in neighboring Alabama, was newsworthy because the President used it to urge to people to “get out and vote for Roy Moore,” the former Alabama judge beleaguered by accusations of engaging in relationships with and sexually harassing teenaged girls.
The dispute began following an early Saturday morning tweet from the President about the previous evening's attendance:
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what's going on. Thank you Pensacola! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
In response, a number of people responded with photographs purporting to show that the arena was not full. Washington Post reporter Dave Weigel tweeted (and later deleted) one such image of seemingly empty crowds, shedding doubt on Trump's description:
That photograph, however, was not taken during Trump's speech. In response, Donald Trump tweeted a series of pictures showing him speaking in front of a considerably larger crowd, demanding — and receiving — an apology from Weigel:
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner. https://t.co/fQY7GMNSaD — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) December 9, 2017
Weigel here is referring to what appears to be a Trump-like figure walking in the bottom right of the photograph he initially shared — something a number of commenters on the internet have suggested disputes, in a very narrow way, Trump's claim of the image being taken “hours” before he arrived.
Whether or not it the man in the picture is Trump is fairly immaterial to the broader point of crowd size during his speech. That picture was clearly taken at a time far removed from the speech, and videos from people in attendance at the rally show that the crowd size shown in the images Trump tweeted is an accurate representation of the crowd when he was speaking:
A video view from inside the Pensacola Trump rally tonight, as the president talked about illegal immigration pic.twitter.com/VoPbEBqijE — David Martosko (@dmartosko) December 9, 2017
As Twitter is not a digital arena known for backing down from a semantic fight, people there continued the debate over the “to the rafters” portion of Mr. Trump's contention. At issue are the unfilled upper decks behind and in front of the president. Perhaps because these seats would literally be the closest to the “rafters,” and because they were darkened during the time in which Trump was speaking, an argument could be (and was) made that the arena was not literally packed, but made to look that way:
For those interested in disputing the most literal interpretation of Trump's claims, video from his speech and the photographs Trump himself shared support the view that these upper decks were not full. Whether or not that means Trump was misleading in his tweet about crowd size is as much a question as it is a personal choice.
What is undisputed, however, is that early images showing a nearly empty crowd during his Pensacola speech are misleading, as they show a crowd much smaller than the one that was gathered during Trump's actual speech; claims that the venue was completely packed are also misleading, as while later photographs and videos clearly a larger crowd, they also show many empty seats.
Multan
The standards introduced by European Union (EU) countries were being achieved successfully by mango farmers and exporters by virtue of government's support that not only increased demand of Pakistani mango but also resulted in enhanced exports earnings. Agriculture Department spokesman said in a statement on Wednesday that fruit fly affects the quality of fruit, however, Punjab government had initiated a project to tackle fruit fly problem through non-traditional techniques. He said that huge funds had been allocated for training and advocacy of farmers to apprise them of techniques to kill fruit fly. He said that Punjab government had also initiated mango production contest 2017-18 under which high yielding farmers would get prizes of agriculture machinery at district and provincial level. Pakistan was the sixth largest mango producer in the world and the exotic fruit grown here was liked by foreign consumers for its unique taste and aroma. The spokesman said that agriculture department was conveying modern technology to farmers on how to tackle problems from sowing to harvest and post harvest stages to achieve enhanced production of better quality fruit and vegetables.—Agencies
© Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images
The Barnaby Joyce and Vikki Campion interview will air on Sunday Night this weekend. Picture: Channel 7
The Barnaby Joyce and Vikki Campion interview will air on Sunday Night this weekend. Picture: Channel 7
CHANNEL 7's Sunrise co-host David Koch has taken a stunning swipe at Barnaby Joyce regarding his 'real family'.
On the breakfast television program this morning, 'Kochie' spoke to Sunday Night journalist Alex Cullen, about his controversial $150,000 interview with Mr Joyce and partner Vikki Campion to air this weekend.
Mr Cullen said he'd leave it up to the public to decide if they would end up "loving or hating" the couple after watching the interview, which will mark the first time Ms Campion has spoken publicly since the scandal about the couple's relationship broke.
"Once you hear what she has to say, you hear her side of the story, opinions may very well change," he said.
"I see people that are very much in love.
"They told me that they're absolutely in this for the long haul.
"And let's face it, they've also got a six week baby on their hands, which is little Sebastian. They're very much a family."
But not a "real" one, according to Kochie.
"[Mr Joyce] has another family as well," the co-host said.
"I sometimes wonder what they're going through with all of this... does he talk about the other family [in the interview]?
"His real family?"
Journalist Alex Cullen talks to Kochie on Channel 7's Sunrise.
Mr Cullen said the politician did speak about his wife and daughters during their conversation.
"I asked about his family because he is still married, he's not divorced...and it was an affair, let's face it," he said.
The relationship between the former deputy prime minister and his one-time adviser became public in February and saw Mr Joyce bumped to the backbench. He has since split from his wife, Natalie, the mother of his four daughters. His son with Ms Campion, Sebastian, was born on April 16.
Barnaby Joyce and Vikki Campion with their newborn son, Sebastian. Picture: Channel 7
A promotional clip for the Sunday Night interview released earlier this week revealed the couple had been pressured to abort their baby.
Cullen this morning refused to be drawn on who specifically had "tried to stop the baby being born" but confirmed it had "come from Barnaby's side of politics". He declined to clarify whether or not he was referring to the prime minister's office.
"The pressure on [Vikki] was immense...[she was] a 30-year-old woman having an affair with the deputy prime minister of Australia, at that time," he said.
“They both did the deal… I saw two people who are very much in love"@alextcullen on Barnaby Joyce and Vikki Campion's @SundayNightOn7 interview. pic.twitter.com/zz3xOokGbZ — Sunrise (@sunriseon7) 30 May 2018
Mr Joyce has taken two weeks off sick after recording the tell-all interview with Ms Campion and coming under heavy criticism for cashing in on it. Mr Joyce had been granted medical leave until the end of June, meaning he wouldn't be back at parliament until mid-August, after the winter break. But on Wednesday he said he'll back before the next sitting on June 18.
Contrary to reports, I'm taking to leave until June 15 following a routine check up. The medical certificate provided allowed for a month. 1/2 — Barnaby Joyce (@Barnaby_Joyce) 30 May 2018
According to Mr Cullen, Mr Joyce told him he ultimately wants to "get back to the frontbench".
"He said 'you don't join a football club to play third grade, you want to play first grade', and that says to me he very much wants to go back," Mr Cullen said.
megan.palin@news.com.au | @Megan_Palin
Barnaby Joyce and Vikki Campion were paid $150,000 for their interview with Alex Cullen on Channel 7's Sunday Night. Picture: Channel 7
The Yang Dezhi school was established more than a hundred years ago during the final years of the Qing dynasty. Such primary schools are funded by China's "red nobility" of revolution-era Communist commanders and their families.
Boys and girls here wear similar blue and grey military uniforms. Besides ordinary lessons, the kids learn kung fu and drill commands. There is also a "Red Culture" class in the curriculum, where children learn to sing nationalistic songs with military precision, discuss stories about the early days of the Communist Party and study local Red Army history.
Find out what life inside the school looks like from Sputnik's photo gallery.
Demanding Customer
A customer was bothering the waiter in a restaurant. First, he asked
that the air conditioning is turned up because he was too hot, then he asked it be turned down because he was too cold, and so on for about half an hour. Surprisingly, the waiter was very patient, he walked back and forth and never once got angry.
Finally, a second customer asked him why he didn't throw out the pest.
“Oh, I really don't care or mind,” said the waiter with a smile. “We
don't even have an air conditioner.”
Join fans of 99 KZ Country on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/99KZCountry
Crawley Green ran out 2-1 winners against local rivals Leighton Town in what was their last home fixture of the season on Saturday.
The Maroons welcomed back Dean Bull and Kevin McManus and reverted to a back four with Mark Smith dropping into centre half.
Crawley started brightly kicking down the slope and Dean Dummett had an early effort blocked before Ashton Grant fired an effort over the bar.
Sodiq Thompson then had a fine header from a McManus cross tipped over by Bradley Kirkwood.
After 12 minutes Crawley took the lead. Dummett played in Thompson down the right after a quick interchange. Thompson made ground and pulled the ball back for Dummett to rifle it past Kirkwood.
After 22 minutes Leighton came close to an equaliser when Lorrel Smith had a shot tipped onto the bar by Bull and the rebound was hacked to safety.
Crawley replied with an Ashton Grant effort which was tipped round by Kirkwood.
Leighton came out fired up in the second half but found themselves 2-0 down after 54 minutes. Reece Green made a terrific down the left and was flattened in the box. The referee pointed straight to the spot and up stepped Rob Newman to plant the ball firmly past Kirkwood.
After 70 minutes a clash of heads between McManus and Dom Massala resulted in a bad cut for the Leighton skipper. The game was delayed for a full seven minutes before Massala made his way off the pitch.
In the closing minutes Crawley missed a chance to kill the game when Sean Coughlan went through but he was denied by Kirkwood.
Deep into added time Leighton pulled a goal back when an unmarked Onabolu headed past Bull.
Crawley finishes the season with three away games. They visited Stotfold on Tuesday and travel to Tring Athletic on Saturday.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — U.S.Vice-President Mike Pence heard the urgency, first-hand.
"If you're going to help us, it's got to be now," a young man told him Friday as the two walked among twisted metal in a San Juan neighbourhood hit hard by Hurricane Maria. "We need more people, we need more communications."
Pence patted the man on the shoulder and later told reporters, "We understand his frustration when you think of the sheer magnitude of the loss, the impact on families, the loss of life being so grievous." He reiterated that the Trump administration is "here for the long haul" and vouched for President Donald Trump's leadership.
Pence's empathy and reassurance in San Juan and the U.S. Virgin Islands earlier in the day followed Trump's visit this week to Puerto Rico. Maria wiped out power and left the island's 3.4 million people short of food and supplies. Trump had come under heated criticism for what some said was a sluggish response to the storm's devastation. Trump heatedly denied that and sent one adviser after another out to defend him.
But while Trump tossed out rolls of paper towels to the crowd in San Juan and invited officials to praise him, Pence carried a tray of sandwiches into a reception area at the Iglesia Santa Bernardita. He walked along long tables shaking hands. And he spoke consistently about the federal government's commitment to helping the region recover.
Earlier, in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Pence took a helicopter tour of damage wrought by Maria, describing the wreckage as "overwhelming."
"But the resilience of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands is even greater," Pence said. He said Trump wants people to know, "We will be with you every day until the Virgin Islands comes all the way back."
During the aerial tour, Pence saw upended boats along the coast, blue tarps atop damaged homes and uprooted trees and vegetation.
Pence had seen other damage earlier, when his plane flew over homes stripped of their roofs, toppled trees and debris strewn in yards as it arrived on St. Croix. Pence attended a briefing on recovery efforts at an Army National Guard hangar before visiting a church to meet with people affected by the storm. Trump had hoped to visit earlier in the week, but the White House said difficult logistics in the aftermath of the storm prevented his trip.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones always had it in his mind to try the 4-3-3 formation which is bearing so much fruit at the moment.
Jones has favoured the diamond or 3-5-2 since taking over at the club, but the last few games have seen him opt for the new style in a bid to get all three strikers, James Collins, Danny Hylton and Harry Cornick into the side.
Our three strikers are in good form and a real threat, so to get three of them on the pitch we had to go to our second shape. Nathan Jones
The Town chief said: “We work on a number of things, there's only slight tweaks from what we do.
“We always have default defensive shape we go to, we go to a back five which we work on and then the one that myself and Paul Hart work closely together, so we have our two shapes, our diamond and our 4-3-3.
“We always knew we could go to this, and we recruit that way.
“Jordan Cook can play in a front three and so can Harry Cornick, so we bought wide attacking strikers if you like.
“Now we eventually want to turn Harry into a real central one, but they're a threat.
“A lot of it has been forced on us in terms of personnel, we thought ‘well, who are the ones who are going to give us certain things?'
“Our three strikers are in good form and a real threat, so to get three of them on the pitch we had to go to our second shape, so we've done that, it's normal.”
It has seen Town create a whole host of goalscoring opportunities at Morecambe and then during Saturday's 3-1 victory over Newport.
Jones continued: “We've been on the front foot, but we create chances in the diamond or whatever shape we play.
“Certain games, we favour the diamond, we like playing the diamond and it's been a very fruitful shape for us.
“But we know we can change and with that front three that's a real threat.
“Then the ones we can bring on for them as well, we've got good players who can play in these positions.”
Striker Hylton was clearly a fan of the different role he has been given, saying: “It was great, we've changed shape a little bit, gone three up front, and it's working.
“It's looked really good the last few games, we've got in some really good goalscoring opportunities, areas and if we're making the right decisions and the right runs, I'm sure we'll score goals.
“We go Collo down the middle, myself on the left or the right and Harry on the left or the right. We've got license to drift, we can stretch it, can come and get the ball, go all over the place really.
“I think he (Jones) just wanted to get all three of us in. Harry is direct and how quick he is, he's a great out ball sometimes, so I think we're seeing the benefits.
“We scored three goals, but we could have had 10.
“Myself, Harry Cornick, Collo, we're getting in those positions and a few times we make the wrong decisions where we get a bit, because we all want to score, we'll take a shot.
“I'm sure that with games we'll gel a little bit more and whoever it is, Elliot (Lee), or Jarvo (Aaron Jarvis) when they come on, we'll start to see the benefits of that.”
Defender Alan Sheehan gave his view on the formation too, adding: “It worked today.
“Different opposition have different tactics, we heard they were set-piece specialists and very direct if you want to say.
“So we had to deal with that and I thought we dealt with that for large amount of the game very well, so the 4-3-3 worked very well today.”
Opening up to a teenager about being the victim of a really nasty crime might not be easy for an older person. But in Dominika Greszczak – at the age of 18 – Luton Victim Support has found an ‘older head on young shoulders'.
Dominika is a volunteer at the service which provides one-to-one support to crime victims of all ages, listening to them, giving emotional and practical support and helping them through to the other side of a traumatic event.
She has just finished a three-year Public Services course at Central Bedfordshire College with an eye on a possible police career, holds down several part-time jobs, does three days a week at Victims Support and on Saturdays is training to mentor young people with problems.
Now Dominika, of Tithe Road, Luton, has been shortlisted for the final of Atlas Converting Young People of the Year awards or ‘YOPEYs' – Oscars for young people who ‘give to others'.
Dominika was nominated by Maggie Parsons, a tutor at Central Beds College in Dunstable. “Dominika has worked really hard this year, and after meeting a guest speaker from Victim Support who visited the college, she volunteered there and has gone through training. She is now supporting people and is very positive about the work she is doing.”
The nomination is also seconded by Saadia Khan, Victim Services Delivery Manager for Luton Victim Support. She said the service offers support to victims of crime, listening to them and offering emotional and sometimes advocacy support.
“We try to find the tools to empower the victim to move beyond the crime,” she said. “The qualities we look for in a volunteer include listening skills – listening to what a client says in their own words, with empathy – and body language that is open.
“Dominika has been with us since January and I am very impressed with her progress so far. She is very good at meeting a client's needs. Another quality is the ability to let the client know that you understand how they are feeling.”
Saadia explained: “Dealing with people who perhaps are upset, angry and very emotional takes real maturity. Dominika is only 18 but she is a very mature 18 with a good head on her shoulders. Since gaining her accreditation, she has already supported about three or four clients, victims of various kinds of crime.”
Dominika is currently supporting the victims of burglary, criminal damage, anti-social behaviour and hate crime. These are known as ‘core clients' and Dominika has done the mandatory five-day core training which is City & Guilds accredited.
When she has gained enough experience she will be allowed to help the victims of more serious offences, such as domestic violence and sexual crimes.
Dominika has also attended networking events for the Luton team. “It might be difficult for a mature victim who is the victim of a really heinous crime to open up to 18-year-old, but Dominika comes across as very mature. I am very impressed with her,” added Saadia.
Dominika can speak fluent Polish as well as English. She was born in Poland and brought to the UK as a child. This gives her an advantage – which also impresses Victim Support – when supporting people in Luton's immigrant community.
Dominika said: “I have always been interested in helping people and have done work experience in a nursery and worked with young people with anger management issues with The Prince's Trust.
“I have just finished Public Services at college and found that really interesting and in the future I will perhaps look into going into the police. I am a ‘people person' and like to be out there talking to people.”
She is currently doing a volunteer training course for GreenHouse Mentoring based at Stopsley. “It is mentoring young people with learning and behavioural difficulties and not doing very well at school and sometimes with family issues. We sit down with them and have a chat and try and help them,” she said.
“I heard about Victim Support when someone came into college, applied to be a volunteer and found it better than I thought it would be. I have had quite a few cases helping people of different backgrounds and cultures, and until you speak to someone who has been through a crime you cannot understand how it can affect them.
“I really feel we are helping these people, seeing their feeling of well-being improving and feeling safer. Helping someone get beyond the crime and them telling you that they have got over it is so fulfilling. It makes me happy that I could help change someone's life!
YOPEY started in Bedfordshire in 2006 and has expanded to many other counties. Its founder, former national newspaper journalist Tony Gearing, said: “There are many young people in Bedfordshire doing wonderful things for others. It's just that they live in the shadow of a well-publicised anti-social minority.
“We need to give young people the respect they deserve and set up the best as positive role models for others to copy rather than focusing on the small number who appear in the press for negative reasons.”
The Bedfordshire awards will be presented at St John's College, Cambridge, this autumn.
Eastar Jet, a South Korean low-cost carrier, said Thursday it will strengthen services on international routes to absorb growing low-cost air travel demand.
On Thursday, Eastar Jet began services on the Incheon-Da Nang route, with a plan to start services on the Incheon-Sapporo route from July 1, the budget carrier said in a statement.
(Yonhap)
The airline currently operates flights on 25 international routes which connect South Korea to eight countries -- Japan, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Cambodia and Saipan which belongs to the US, a company spokesman said.It has 17 chartered airplanes composed of 14 B737-800 jets with 189 seats and three 149-seat B737-700 jets, he said.In 2016, the country's six budget carriers -- Jin Air, Jeju Air, Air Busan Co., Air Seoul Inc., Eastar Jet and T'way Air Co. -- transported 56.8 percent of passengers on domestic routes and 19.6 percent of passengers traveling abroad. The figures were up from 54.6 percent and 14.6 percent a year earlier, respectively, according to the transport ministry.Jin Air is the budget carrier unit of the national flag carrier Korean Air Lines Co. and Air Busan and Air Seoul are low-cost carrier units of Asiana Airlines Inc., the country's second-biggest carrier by sales.Last year, passengers on domestic routes jumped 11 percent on-year to 30.91 million and passengers on international routes climbed 19 percent to 73 million, the ministry said. (Yonhap)
Score 1 2 3 4 Final
Cheyenne/Reydon 12 12 25 12 61
BFDC 0 7 9 6 22
The Lady Bears finished the regular season with a 61-22 over Burns Flat on Tuesday. The Lady Bears led by 17 in the half and then exploded for 25 points in the third to put the game away heading into the 4th. Hadley Smith had 16 points and Elisabeth Burks hit for 13 while Katie Ford grabbed 12 rebounds. Catelyn Brewster also continued to contribute offensively for the Lady Bears as she had 8 points. The Lady Bears will play the winner of Burns Flat and Sentinel Saturday for the district championship.
Muhammad Arshad
Islamabad
President and CEO National Bank of Pakistan Saeed Ahmad has said that NBP would provide financing facilities to the community based on Islamic modes to strengthen the financial stability in the violence affected region. This is the first time ever that this area has been visited by a president of any bank.
On the inauguration of National Bank of Pakistan's (NBP) Aitemaad Islamic banking branch in Ghalanai, Mohmand Agency, he said that due to die-hard efforts of the law enforcers, political leaders and tribal chiefs, peace has finally returned to Mohmand Agency. NBP has opened Aitemaad Islamic banking branch in the area to instigate economic activity in this part of the region.
“We will be approving financing facilities to traders and locals based on Islamic mode which will aid in meeting their financial needs. We are thankful to the political agent and the locals for the tremendous reception we have received from them and are looking forward to facilitating local unemployed educated youth and government workers, courtesy of our Hamsafar Auto-Finance Program.” said Mr. Saeed Ahmad while expressing his thoughts on the occasion” he added .
“We are putting our share in the upbringing of Mohmand Agency. We are confident that NBP will quickly begin to facilitate and support the community and its financial equilibrium after years of unrest due to terrorism in this region.” said Mehmood Aslam, Political Agent while appreciating the initiative taken by the bank.
Furthermore, the bank aims to offer financing facilities for the purchase of modern machinery for efficient extraction of marble from the hillside, based on Islamic modes. Aitemaad Islamic banking plans to sanction similar financing facilities to the educated unemployed citizens through Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Program, enabling them to contribute in the financial health of Mohmand Agency.
Aitemaad Islamic banking of NBP strives to support the populace and areas which have been massively destroyed by terrorist activities in the past.
For this purpose, CEO and President NBP also announced 10 Qingqi rickshaws which will provide free transport to the students of affected area in a bid to promote education.
Ms. Saima Rahim, Regional Head KPK, NBP Islamic Banking along with other senior officials from NBP and local area were also present during the inauguration. Following the tribal customs, Mr. Saeed Ahmad was also honored with a traditional gift Kila-Langi.
Aitemaad Islamic Bank has a wide range of Shariah Compliant Products and Services which can be availed from dedicated Islamic banking branches all over Pakistan. Each branch covers all aspects of Islamic financial transaction, meeting the customer's financial needs free of RIBA.
Following the outcome of the referendum meeting held Sunday afternoon in Abuja by the union leaders, the Academic staff Union of Universities has declared an indefinite strike from Monday 14th August 2017.
This is the Union leader says is to persuade the Federal government to meet their demands. This came after several branches of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) have voted overwhelmingly for members in both federal and state universities to embark on an indefinite strike to press home the implementation of their demands.
ASUU branches nationwide on Friday held a referendum in line with an earlier directive by the National Executive Council (NEC) to vote whether the strike will be indefinite strike, one month strike, one week warning and no strike.
The meeting of ASUU NEC is currently ongoing at the union's secretariat at Abuja to deliberate on the outcome of the referendum conducted by the branches.
Feelers from the NEC meeting indicate that several of the branches including the University of Lagos (UNILAG), University of Ibadan (UI) and Lagos State University (LASU) voted for an indefinite industrial action.
One of ASUU Zonal Coordinators told our Correspondent that his zone voted overwhelmingly for strike and that the outcome of the referendum conducted on Friday will be collated to enable the union take a position.
Among issues in contention includes, federal government breach of the 2009 FG/ASUU Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed agreement on financing grant to state universities, conditions of service, non implementation of Earned Academic Allowance (EAA) and re -negotiation of the agreement.
In its push to become a top-tier, mid-sized thermoformed package provider, Graham Partners (Newtown Square, PA) announced its second acquisition of a thermoformed packaging supplier in a month. Tray-Pak Corp., headquartered in Reading, PA, was acquired on a proprietary basis from an affiliate of Archbrook Capital Management LLC, which purchased the company in 2009 and will remain an investor in the business.
Tray-Pak has extensive in-house tooling that provides significant benefits, including product customization, rapid new product development and speed to market. It also brings the ability to prototype using 3D printing, which provides customers with quick turnarounds on new product designs. Graham also noted in its announcement that “Tray-Pak's sophisticated operating capabilities have resulted in longstanding relationships with blue-chip customers and the ability to serve attractive end markets, such as food, confectionery and medical.”
CASA Trainees Look To Better Understand Families & Children
February 15, 2017
A group of community volunteers training to be advocates for children in the court system are learning they must understand the dynamics of a family in order to help them to the best of their ability.
Week 2 of training is underway for the Howell LACASA Center's CASA, or Court Appointed Special Advocate program. Those that complete the training sessions will represent the best interests of abused and neglected children whose cases make their way into the court system.
I have been training with the nine other volunteers and on Tuesday, we focused on how to understand the families we will be serving. Program Director Sara Applegate says CASAs must consider a family's stressors, cultural background and strengths. She tells WHMI CASAs need to address each case with a lens of positivity. A CASA must believe the situation can improve, utilizing resources to help move the family forward and achieve permanency for the child. By focusing on a family's strengths instead of deficits, CASAs leave the negative situation that brought them to the child behind, and look ahead to all the good yet to come.
Another aspect is the risk factors within each family that can contribute to abuse or neglect of a child. That could include a parent's mental illness, substance abuse or domestic violence within the household.
LACASA's Community Education Director and Volunteer Coordinator Nicole Matthews-Creech attended Tuesday's training and says what matters is the impact these risk factors can have on the children. The impact can vary, depending on a child's age, experience or coping mechanisms. Ultimately, Creech says a CASA must help a child understand that what is happening is not their fault. In taking all of this into consideration, CASAs can be an objective party in the case and aid in creating a brighter future for the child they will represent. (DK)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother was left heartbroken when her heavily pregnant daughter died in her sleep aged just 25.
Christine Carter, 55, was heartbroken when her eldest daughter Samantha Hardcastle died.
Samantha, who never found out the gender of her baby, had suffered epileptic fits from the age of 16 - but her family never knew she was at risk of a sudden death.
The tragedy 13 years ago was made all the more heart-wrenching as Samantha was seven months pregnant at the time with Christine's first grandchild, reports LincolnshireLive.
“Sam was diagnosed with epilepsy at 16 and started having seizures but only at night when she was coming out of her sleep,” her mum said.
(Image: Christine Carter)
“We were never told about the risks – we always thought she was safe," said Christine, who is opening up now after writing a book of poetry which features her writings at the time of losing her daughter.
"She was in the safest place. You hear of people having fits in the street, but hers were always at home in her bed.
“It was my husband and son who found her. I knew something was wrong as she hadn't replied to my text and she always did.
“She only lived two to three minutes away so I went round and saw her house was shrouded in darkness. Her car was still on the drive and her blinds were still drawn.
“I went and got my husband and son and said we need to let ourselves in.
“They found Sam – they wouldn't let me upstairs. When they told me I was in pieces – we all were.”
A coroner told the grieving mum her daughter had died from SUDEP (Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy).
(Image: Christine Carter)
This happens when an epileptic dies after a fit and affects about one in 2000 people.
And she says the hardest part was the sudden nature of how it happened.
She said: “I never knew there was a risk of death – we were never told. I had never heard of SUDEP and when the coroner called me to tell me, I asked ‘what is that?'.
“We had been to hospital with Sam the week before and doctors said she wasn't a high risk.”
The mum-of-three says her daughter is never far from her mind, nor is the grandchild she never got to meet.
“The pain is so hard, you become numb. You can't think or function and find yourself doing things to stop thinking about the pain,” she said.
“It doesn't get any easier - you just come up with strategies to cope."
The primary school teacher still has a baby grow that she bought for the baby.
“It would have been our first grandchild – we are all excited about the baby," she said.
“She didn't know it was a little boy. I had told her it was at the start because she was walking the same as me when I had her brother.
“She had picked names if it was a boy or a girl so after she died we asked the hospital what the gender was. It was a little boy so we put Regan next to her name on the headstone.
“I still have the baby grow in my drawer. When I see it, I don't feel sadness now, I just wonder what could have been.
"He would have been a teenager now."
(Image: Christine Carter)
The doting mum had been secretly saving up to give money to her daughter to help with the costs of the new baby - but she never got to give her the money.
She does however take comfort from the final words she said to her daughter, when she told her she loved her.
“The day before she died was rare because me and all my children were together,” Christine said.
“It was a Friday and I was supposed to be on a course but it was cancelled so my boss told me my class was covered so I could work from home.
“I messaged Sam and she said she finished at half one so she came round for lunch.
“My son, who was at university in Nottingham at the time, also messaged me to say he was coming home.
“My daughter Kerry was at high school and came home when she finished.
“Sam had to leave as she was the designated driver for her work's Christmas party. She said I love you and I said I loved her too and she went.
“I take comfort from that as it was the most wonderful afternoon.”
What to do if someone has an epileptic seizure 1. Stay calm 2. Look around - is the person in a dangerous place? If not, don't move them. Move objects like furniture away from them 3. Note the time the seizure starts 4. Stay with them - If they don't collapse but seem blank or confused, gently guide them away from any danger. Speak quietly and calmly. 5. Cushion their head with something soft if they have collapsed to the ground. 6. Don't hold them down 7. Don't put anything in their mouth 8. Check the time again - If a convulsive (shaking) seizure doesn't stop after 5 minutes, call for an ambulance (dial 999) 9. After the seizure has stopped, put them into the recovery position and check that their breathing is returning to normal 10. Stay with them until they are fully recovered Source: The Epilepsy Society
Thirteen years on, Christine has now published a book called Through Plate Glass that features poems she had written in the midst of her grief.
She hopes it will raise awareness of the condition and help others who have lost loved ones.
“From the beginning I started jotting things down,” she said. “I had done all the things to try to make the pain go away.
“I wrote 10 to 11 poems where I offloaded my feelings so I wanted to see if I could do something with them.
“I thought it might help others and show people in a dark place that it does get better. I want to help people with epilepsy or who have kids with the condition because we just don't get told about SUDEP.
“Also, I want people to know Sam. She was a lovely girl. People have missed out having her in their lives and I want people to have that chance to meet her.”
LIFE&STYLE
Actor Park Bo-gum was named the winner of the achievement award for promoting South Korea abroad during this year's tourism awards ceremony, the organizers said Tuesday.
The 24-year-old actor was announced this year's winner of the prize at the 2017 Korea Tourism Awards co-hosted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, and the Korea Tourism Organization, they said.
Park Bo-gum (Yonhap)
“Park contributed greatly to promoting the country abroad by successfully wrapping up fan meetings in eight Asian countries,” the ministry said in a press release.The tour, which began in Malaysia in December last year, took him to eight Asian cities, including Seoul, and ended in March.Park rose to stardom in his role in the 2015-16 TV series “Reply 1988” and gained further popularity with his role as Crown Prince Lee Young of the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) in the 2016 TV series “Love in the Moonlight.”Along with Park, 12 other tourist attractions or travel programs -- including Nami Island, some 90 kilometers east of Seoul, and Hwadam Botanic Garden, near the capital -- were named outstanding tourism resources in the country. (Yonhap)
CLAIM
Munilla Construction Management, the construction firm that built the bridge at Florida International University that collapsed in March 2018, is an all-female company.
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
After a devastating pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International University on 15 March 2018, the National Transportation Safety Board opened an investigation in order to determine exactly what went wrong and who was ultimately responsible for the disaster.
Some corners of the Internet couldn't wait for the results of this report, however, and claimed that the true culprit was painfully obvious: women.
An article published in the days following the bridge collapse reported that the Munilla Construction Management, one of the companies that worked on the FIU-Seawater Bridge, was a “female led construction company.” Another article claimed that the bridge was constructed by an “all-women engineering team,” while a video based off these two articles took this claim one step further and stated that this bridge was constructed by an “all-female company.”
These articles both contained a collage of female construction workers and multiple paragraphs explaining why women just aren't meant to do construction:
Florida has been having its bad stroke of luck as of late. First the horrible tragedy in Parkland, and now this; Florida International University's “instant bridge,” spontaneously collapsing earlier on Thursday. The two companies responsible for the poorly constructed bridge were MCM and Figg, both have a sketchy history when it comes to construction, but for today's purposes, we're going to focus on MCM, because there's a valuable lesson that can be learned here. That lesson is this; there are some things that women shouldn't do. There are some things women can't do. One of these is construction.
The collages featured in these articles show female MCM employees, but not necessarily women who worked on the Florida bridge. Most of these photographs were pulled from the company's social media posts celebrating women's diversity and not from a post about the project in Florida.
Miami-Dade County Commissioner Jose Pepe Diaz did post several images from the construction site on the morning the bridge was put into place. Those images show a mainly male crew:
Although the headline for this article blared that “A Female-Led Construction Company Built the Florida Bridge That Collapsed,” the text was void of evidence to prove such a claim. In fact, the body of article outright contradicted its title (emphasis ours):
Though MCM is owned by five brothers, a lot of people one rung down the ladder from them are women. Some of the construction workers are even women.
Here's a photograph of MCM's board of directors:
MCM's board of directors clearly aren't all-female. But what about the construction crew? The web sites Squawker and Sandra Rose both claim that a woman named Leonor Flores was the project manager for the FIU bridge:
The lead engineer on the foot bridge project is a female, Leonor Flores, who is a graduate of FIU.
This claim, however, appears to be based on a misreading of an article published by the university's official web site on 14 March 2018. The web site quoted Flores, who was a Florida International University graduate and who works for MCM, about how she hopes her daughter pursues mathematics in school. The site mentions the new FIU bridge (the article was published before the collapse), but it never said that Flores was working on this particular project:
Leonor Flores '98 is a project executive and one of 63 FIU alumni who work for MCM, the construction firm building the FIU-Sweetwater UniversityCity Bridge, which will further connect FIU and its northerly neighbor, the City of Sweetwater. She was excited to share her work with her family, especially (her daughter) Michelle, who is interested in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) in school. Michelle said she might want to follow in her parents' footsteps and go to FIU when the time comes, and that it was fascinating to see her mom's work in action. “I'm interested in the architecture and the design of the bridge, and the math portion of it,” she said. Said Leonor: “It's very important for me as a woman and an engineer to be able to promote that to my daughter, because I think women have a different perspective. We're able to put in an artistic touch and we're able to build, too.”
FIU added a statement at the top of their article to clarify that Flores did not work on the bridge project “in any capacity.”
The only other piece of “evidence” provided by these web sites that MCM employed an “all-female” team for this project came from a tweet that the company sent on International Women's Day:
MCM hailed Flores and her all-women design team in celebratory social media posts on Twitter.com in the hours before the deadly collapse.
This single sentence gets multiple things wrong; Flores was not affiliated with the bridge project, the tweet was not sent in the “hours before the deadly collapse” and it did not celebrate an “all-women design team.”
Munilla Construction Management is not an “all-female” company and they did not use an “all-female” engineering team to construct the ill-fated FIU-Sweetwater Bridge. This claim is based off of social media posts celebrating International Women's Day and a misreading of a news article. In other words, there is no basis for this claim.
The misguided argument posed by these web sites would perhaps have been better served if they had focused on FIGG Bridge Designs, another company that worked on the Florida project and whose chief executive office actually happens to be a woman, although the company does not exclusively hire women. Linda Figg, daughter of company founder Eugene Figg, was not mentioned in either article. Regardless, the company's lead engineer on the project, Denney Pate, was a man.
The Miami Herald reported that a plethora of issues could have caused the FIU-Sweetwater UniversityCity Bridge to collapse. Although it will likely be some time before the National Transportation Safety Board finishes its investigation, we would be willing to bet that the biological sex of the engineers is not listed as a cause of the tragedy on the final report.
Gwion Edwards caught everyone's eye as Peterborough United beat Shrewsbury 2-1 in League One at the ABAX Stadium tonight (February 14).
The Welsh midfielder tormented the visiting defence for long periods of the game and was a deserved recipient of the man-of-the-match champagne.
Posh substitute Paul Taylor shoots at the Shrewsbury goal. Photo: David Lowndes.
Luke McGee: So close to saving his second Shrewsbury penalty of the season. Redundant for most of the game so little chance to impress 6
Michael Smith: Conceded a clear penalty, but it was an unfortunate handball offence rather than a silly one. Moved forward with purpose for a lot of the match, although his influence waned when he was switched to the left of a back three 6.5
Jerome Binnom-Williams: Not his best night. AWOL in the build-up to the Shrewsbury goal and slowed attacks down rather than using his undoubted pace to help exploit a weak defence. Sacrificed for an extra attacking player after the red card 5
Dominic Ball: His first career goal was a sweet moment for a decent defender. Good on the ball and a useful foil for big Tafazolli 7
Posh striker Junior Morias unleashes a shot at the Shrewsbury goal. Photo: David Lowndes.
Ryan Tafazolli: His goal was the result of a well-time run and leap from an accurate corner. Didn't have a great deal of defending to do, but was solid when called upon 7
Anthony Grant: A classy, cool customer, although he came close to collecting his 11th caution of the season (one that bring a two-game suspension) in the second half. So good under pressure. Wins a lot of welcome free kicks. Picks the right pass more often than not 7.5
Chris Forrester: Okay first-half when he looked busy and highly motivated. Played quickly and positively, but not always with accuracy. Not so effective in the second-half 6
Gwion Edwards: Very pacy and lively performance from the sponsors' (and Peterborough Telegraph's) man-of-the-match. Played in a wide position and ran riot against a toiling left-back after the break so it was a surprise to see him substituted towards the end 8
Marcus Maddison: He delivered one free-kick that Edwards should have converted, but his theatrics are beginning to grate again. He played okay and it was a bold move to take him off with the team behind at half-time. It worked though 6
Junior Morias: Plays with great spirit and a wonderful attitude. His strength caused the occasional problem in the first-half when he also unleashed a couple of thunderous shots at goal. Little came off fo him after the break 6
Lee Angol: His physique gives him an edge over other strikers at the club, but he needs to start scoring. Good effort and pace at times, but couldn't get shots off early enough. Chased long balls when necessary 6.5
Substitutes:
Paul Taylor: (for Maddison, 46 mins). Two assists and a lively, if very frustrating, presence 7
Craig Mackail-Smith: (for Binnom-Williams, 63 mins)
Leo Da Silva Lopes: (for Edwards, 83 mins).
Tom Nichols: (not used).
Mark Tyler: (not used).
Martin Samuelsen: (not used).
Jack Baldwin: (not used).
Tebworth residents are still fighting to buy their only village pub, to avoid “hostile bidders” turning it into housing.
Tebworth residents are still fighting to buy their only village pub, to avoid “hostile bidders” turning it into housing.
Beloved pub, The Queen's Head, was hastily registered as a Community Asset by Chalgrave Parish Council after brewery, Charles Wells Ltd, gave notice of their intention to dispose of the drinking hole last summer.
As a Community Asset, the Tebworth Community Pub Ltd community benefit society had a period of six months from the time of the brewery's notification (in August) to make an offer to purchase the pub, with no other purchasers allowed during that time.
However, now their deadline of February 1 has passed, Ian Lothian, chairman of Tebworth Community Pub Ltd, said: “We are not in a position to make a bid for the pub at present. To date the funds raised have been disappointing and the target has not been reached. Around 40 residents have pledged support to date.”
Now, an annoucnement has been made on the ‘Save The Queen's Head' Facebook page, stating : “We are forging ahead with our plans to save the pub...it's now proposed a limited liability company be formed and there will be no upper limit to the amount any one person can invest.
“These are exciting, yet hostile times, too... A meeting will be held for potential investors at the end of this month, date to be confirmed.”
A spokesperson for Charles Wells Ltd, said: “As a responsible brewer and pub operator, it would be wrong for us to lease a pub to a licensee if the pub is not able to offer a long-term, profitable opportunity. Unfortunately, we have concluded this is the situation at The Queens Head.
“Closing any pub is not a decision that we take lightly. While the timeframe for Tebworth Community Pub Ltd to make an offer to purchase the pub as an Asset of Community Value has passed, they can still make an offer which will be considered along with any other interested party.”
Search, ‘Save The Queen's Head, Tebworth', on Facebook or contact: roger.masters@btinternet.com or ILothian@aol.com
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Former Member of Parliament for Akwatia, Alhaji Baba Jamal
The Akwatia Consistency branch of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) has accused the New Patriotic Party (NPP) of taking credit for projects mostly initiated by the previous NDC government.
Addressing a news conference at Akwatia to “set the records straight, Alhaji, Baba Jamal, former Member of Parliament for Akwatia and a Deputy Minister said the NDC had contributed to the development of Akwatia as a town and Denkymebour as a district than any political party.
“Denkyembour district as a whole and Akwatia in particular has never seen huge investments and development projects since the beginning of the Fourth Republic like it witnessed in the four years of my tenure as an MP for Akwatia” he declared.
He said that the Denkyembour District was initiated by him and created with the support of the NDC government.
Alhaji Jamal said he personally initiated most of the Akwatia development projects mentioning some of them as the Denkyenbour water project, the bridge over river Birim to link Akwatia and Kusi and the Akwatia township road rehabilitation.
He, however, acknowledged that a 10-kilometre additional road construction has been awarded for Akwatia and work was yet to start.
The former MP said it had come to his notice that some NPP functionaries in the district were wrongly stating that they initiated the current electrification project involving 15 communities in the district and explained that the project was passed by parliament and awarded during his tenure as MP and said “if you have nothing to show please don't try to change history”
He denied benefitting directly or indirectly from the diversification of the erstwhile Ghana Consolidated Diamonds (GCD) which went to the Great Consolidated Diamonds Ghana Ltd (GCDGL).
He explained that apart from promoting the GCD for divestiture, he was not involved in the negotiations on its sale, pricing, payments and take-over and was also never part of management of the company that took over.
The Ontario government has stopped changes to how police are overseen, stopped new restrictions on smoking and vaping, and held off capping the price of re-sold event tickets, in a flurry of decisions the new Progressive Conservative cabinet made last week but didn't publicize.
These calls were made in the meeting of ministers Premier Doug Ford scheduled for June 29, just after the new Progressive Conservative cabinet was sworn in at Queen's Park. There might have been other such decisions that haven't been made public as well, thanks to an ordinary lag in posting these things (compounded by the Canada Day weekend) and the Tories' choice not to announce them.
These are early days for the Tories, but this isn't a great beginning.
All the changes the Tories put off are in laws passed when the Liberals were in power — marched through the normal process at Queen's Park and approved by majority votes. All of them came with built-in delays, which are commonly included in new laws to give everyone time to get ready for new rules: The legislature passes a bill with a line saying the lieutenant-governor (which means, in practice, the premier and cabinet) will decide when it comes into force.
A decision of the premier and cabinet can be undone by the premier and cabinet, even if they aren't the same premier and cabinet, and that's what happened.
Between the time the Liberal government chose June 30 as the day for changes to the Police Services Act and July 1 for the Smoke-Free Ontario Act and the Ticket Sales Act and the actual days, there was that election.
The Ford cabinet did these things last Friday. There's an online repository of “orders in council,” as these cabinet decisions are called, but posting them there takes 10 business days for some reason. The Ontario Gazette, the official government publication, put an edition up June 30 but it only included notices up to June 18. The online database of Ontario laws was out of date — as late as July 3, it included copies of the affected legislation with notes saying their new provisions were not yet in force but would be July 1.
Finally, on Wednesday, the laws got updated with notes saying they weren't in effect after all.
Holding back changes to policing were by far the biggest deal, and — to be fair — the Tories promised something like it in the spring campaign.
The legislature passed the so-called Safer Ontario Act in March, shepherded by former attorney general and Ottawa MPP Yasir Naqvi. It was a sprawling bill, the result of six years of work and consultations. It expanded the powers of overseers like the Special Investigations Unit and made their work more public in an attempt to rebuild public confidence shaken by cases like the death of Abdirahman Abdi in an arrest here in Ottawa and the beating of teenager Dafonte Miller by an off-duty officer in Toronto.
Nobody loved the whole package but it was an improvement over the antiquated rules it replaced. The association of Ontario police chiefs welcomed it.
Police unions hate-hate-hated it. The Ottawa police union endorsed the Tories after Ford promised to re-examine it. Other police unions didn't quite go as far as an endorsement but did publish statements noting their approval of the Progressive Conservatives' views on the Safer Ontario Act — that it restricted police unfairly and made it legal for civilians to do some tasks formerly restricted to badge-holding officers.
The unions were the first to know about the new government's hold on the bill, thanks to a letter Ford sent them Friday promising “a full and thorough review of the legislation.” Police chiefs and their local civilian overseers got a memo from the Ministry of the Attorney General at 6:19 that night. No minister has said anything about that review publicly.
Same with vaping nicotine- and cannabis-based liquids instead of smoking. The Smoke-Free Ontario Act was about to treat those substances more like liquor — restricting sales to specialty shops, for instance. Public-health authorities were solidly behind the new restrictions.
“The changes to the Smoke Free Ontario Act that were set to come into effect on July 1, 2018 are being paused to give the new government the opportunity to carefully review the new regulations related to vaping. A new date for implementation has not yet been set,” a health-ministry spokesman said by email Wednesday, a day after I asked whether the law had kicked in or not.
And on ticket scalping, although the Tories put through most of a law passed under the Liberals that did things like outlawing automated “bots” that scoop popular tickets to events online, they held back one provision that limits markups on re-sold tickets to 50 per cent, on the grounds that it's hard to enforce. The weird thing there is that it's pretty difficult for the Ontario government to keep software running on servers in Kazakhstan from buying tickets by the truckload, whereas a StubHub or TicketExchange site unloading $50 tickets for $150 is pretty easy to spot.
In the legislature last year, before Doug Ford was a Tory leader and revamped what they stood for, they voted against the Smoke-Free Ontario Act and the Ticket Sales Act but didn't campaign on changing them. So those moves are more surprising.
The government's not obliged to make announcements or put up ministers to give speeches. It sure would clear things up, though, especially if they're going to give heads-ups to some people and be less than conscientious about keeping official sources for what they're doing current. The premier who swears he governs for the people should make it easier for the people to know how they're being governed.
dreevely@postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Heavy-lambs sold for a saleyard record of $267 a head at Ballarat on Tuesday, set by export processor, Southern Meats, Goulburn, NSW.
Andy Maher of Dean was the vendor behind the pen of 93 lambs, estimated to weigh 38 kilograms by National Livestock Reporting Service (NLRS), which were offered by TB White & Sons auctioneer Gerard White.
Gerard White said the two NSW processors in this week's Ballarat buying gallery “set the cat among the pigeons”.
“From what we're told, heavy lambs are scarce in the north so northern processors have come south to fill orders,” Mr White said.
Despite the $267 high price paid at Ballarat believed to be a new state record, the price was trumped at a sale across the border.
A new national record of $276.20 was set at Wagga Wagga, NSW on Thursday, paid for a yard of extra heavy lambs which were quoted to be more than 30kg, and average an estimated 695 cents a kilogram.
The draft of 168 second-cross Poll Dorset and White Suffolk lambs were sold by Doug Constance, Berridale, NSW.
TB White & Sons co-principal Leo White said the previous best price paid for heavy lambs at Ballarat was $256 a head, received in autumn 2017.
“It's very good money but it has been much tougher going this year, due to the dry autumn, to hold these heavy lambs for this late into the season,” Mr White said.
“And people do tend to forget our vendors also received the sort of money back in the winter of 2011 so the top end of the lamb market hasn't progressed that significantly over the past seven years.”
Elders livestock agent, Graeme Nicholson, said the market was the best he had experienced in his 44 years as an auctioneer.
“Not often we have days like this,” Mr Nicholson said.
“The rise in the market, which we saw as $10-$15/head, flowed through to the ‘smart' trade and light trade lambs, however the plainer lambs were not much dearer.
“I would suggest there would be plenty of lambs that would cost trade processors beyond 750c/kg, and up to 850c/kg. It was quite an incredible market.”
The story Price surge as Ballarat hits $267 state record first appeared on Stock & Land.
Harare - President Robert Mugabe, who has been known to close his eyes in public, has told schoolchildren that they must "remember to guard against dozing off during lessons."
Mugabe, 93, was addressing children gathered at an indoor sports centre in Harare for a big party on the eve of Independence Day commemorations.
As a few children amid the sea of royal blue, burgundy and white uniforms jostled excitedly during the president's speech, Mugabe joked that they must not "feel tempted to turn lessons into a siesta".
The father of three, who is himself a former teacher, urged the children to behave well in school.
"You must remember that we took our land back from our erstwhile colonisers... you are the inheritors of it," Mugabe said in reference to the land reform programme that was launched in Zimbabwe in 2000.
The southern African nation marks 37 years of independence from white colonial rule on Tuesday.
There have been claims - and even apparent video evidence - that Mugabe sometimes naps during meetings.
One such time was during a press conference with Japanese Premier Shinzo Abe in April last year.
Information Minister Christopher Mushohwe insisted then, however that Mugabe was merely nodding his head in agreement
Mugabe's official photographer has said that when the president closes his eyes, he's actually "deepening his concentration".
Schoolchildren may do well to remember that phrase.
News24
A FBI Evidence Response Team marks evidence on the ball field which is the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria, Va. on Wednesday after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as congressmen and aides dove for cover. (Photo: Cliff Owen / AP)
Conservatives should resist the urge to exploit the shooting of a Republican congressman and stay off the path liberals paved in 2011, when it was one of theirs who lay bleeding on the ground.
Finger pointing was despicable then, and would be now.
When Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords' was shot in a Tuscon parking lot, Democrats and media pundits rose immediately to pin the blame on the tea party, Sarah Palin, conservative talk show hosts and any Republican who had ever uttered a harsh political word.
Palin, the former Alaskan governor and GOP vice presidential candidate, drew particular fire because she had sponsored a political ad that superimposed cross hairs over targeted Democratic congressional districts, including Giffords'.
The New York Daily News declared the congresswoman's “blood is on Sarah Palin's hands,” adding, “anyone with any sense at all knows that violent language can incite actual violence.”
Recall during that period the tea party was cramming town hall meetings to shout their grievances at Democratic congress members. Giffords' Arizona Democratic colleague, Raul Grijalva, smoothly connected the dots between the tea party's rhetoric and the attack on Giffords:
“(When) you stoke these flames, and you go to public meetings and you scream at the elected officials, you threaten them — you make us expendable you make us part of the cannon fodder. … Something's going to happen.”
The left was at its self-righteous finest. It mattered little that the shooter was a self-styled Marxist, not likely influenced by Republican opinion.
So where do liberals stand now, when they are the ones who've been using hateful language, excusing violence at anti-Trump protests and packing GOP town halls to scream members of Congress off the stage?
Were they stoking the embers that burst into flames Wednesday in that suburban Washington park, where Republicans were practicing for the annual congressional baseball game? GOP Majority Whip Steve Scalise and four others were shot, apparently solely because they were Republicans.
The assailant, who was killed, is identified as a “passionate progressive” who volunteered for the Democratic presidential campaign of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, and was committed to the destruction of the Republican Party. If Palin was responsible for the attack on Giffords, should the perpetually angry Sanders shoulders the blame for Scalise?
Should the gunman, given his politics, be considered an extreme extension of the Democratic resistance movement?
I say no. And while some on far right fringe are seizing the opportunity to turn the tables on the left, I hope rational Republicans will avoid the opportunism Democrats exhibited in 2011 and bite their tongues.
The blame in Alexandria rests in the same place it did in Tuscon: with the guy who pulled the trigger. Some people are just crazy.
His strings weren't manipulated by an oh-so-clever Broadway director indulging Trump assassination fantasies, or by a B-level comedienne dangling a bloody Trump head, or by the overwrought rantings of the Democratic establishment.
They were pulled by his own demons. Let's leave it at that.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnUWsg
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Jaguar I-Pace concept, 2016 Los Angeles auto show Enlarge Photo
Jaguar is poised to trump its German rivals in the mainstream electric car race by launching the new I-Pace electric SUV this year.
Audi and Mercedes-Benz won't have their electric SUVs, the production versions of the respective e-tron Quattro and Generation EQ concepts, ready until 2018. BMW is even further behind as its offering, an electric X3, isn't due until 2020.
Production of the I-Pace is already underway at independent vehicle manufacturer Magna Steyr's plant in Austria and the first examples are due in showrooms in Europe this year, most likely following a debut at the 2017 Frankfurt auto show in September.
Jaguar I-Pace concept infographic Enlarge Photo
Jaguar has previously confirmed that the I-Pace will reach showrooms in the United States in the second half of 2018, meaning we'll likely see it arrive as a 2019 model.
Speaking with Automotive News (subscription required), Magna Steyr's president of vehicle technology and engineering, Karl-Friedrich Stracke, who previously worked for General Motors, explained that the I-Pace's swift transition from concept to production was made possible due to the manufacturing team being involved in the project early on.
“[Magna Steyr] were invited very early in the product development time frame in order to provide our process and manufacturing engineering proposals,” he said.
Teaser photo of Jaguar I-Pace electric car in camouflage undergoing road testing, March 2017 Enlarge Photo
This is made all the more impressive when you consider the I-Pace is based on a dedicated platform for electric cars and features an aluminum body constructed using several new joining methods. It will have a 90-kilowatt-hour battery, 220-mile range, and a motor for each axle delivering a combined 400 horsepower and 516 pound-feet of torque.
While we know Jaguar developed its own lithium-ion batteries, which use pouch cells for their energy density and efficiency, what isn't clear is where the automaker will source them.
A production-ready I-Pace was spotted in May in undisguised form. It had some minor differences compared to the concept such as larger side mirrors and a toned-down front bumper design.
During ongoing holy month of fasting and even otherwise, people consume a lot of bakery made items daily without realizing and knowing as to what these contained. Eggs form essential part of most baked items and even at the breakfast in almost every household, but do we know whether the eggs are healthy, hygienic and fit for human consumption? In all fairness, Punjab Food Authority is doing a lot of good service by ensuring provision of healthy, hygienic and fit for human consumption food items by raiding manufacturers and suppliers' outlets and ensuring these eatables are manufactured in good, neat, clean and healthy atmosphere.
Reports about Food Authority raid on only egg power manufacturing unit in Punjab at Manga Mandi the other day must have sent alarm among the people who along with their children consume eggs and baked items as well containing eggs as essential component. In the raid, headed by no less an official but Director General of Punjab Food Authority himself, as many as over 1.1 million rotten eggs were destroyed and the unit sealed. The factory was raided and sealed some days back but the management continued full time work within the sealed premises. On this, the reports said, a team headed by the authority chief conducted another raid and found work was in full progress in extremely unhygienic conditions and during inspection large quantity of eggs were found to be rotten, which were semi-hatched with alive chicks and were also be converted into powder.
The factory approximately used about one lakh eggs per day changing these into liquid egg products and egg power mean for domestic market with most of the clients being biscuit and other bakery manufacturers. This surely is a big achievement of the Authority which is ruthlessly conducting raids all around to ensure the people are not provided adulterated food items, rotten fruit, milk and the locations in which food items are manufactured are as per hygienic conditions.
While the Authority is continuing its quite good and commendable job, the people at large in the interest of their as well as their children health are advised to keep themselves updated with the raids being conducted by the Authority almost every day in Lahore and elsewhere in the province to know as to what they are consuming and whether the products are fit for human consumption at al or not.
MEEM ZAY RIFAT
Lahore
Related
The documents make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower in Gurgaon, outside New Delhi.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, said in the documents obtained by The Associated Press that he saw “various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money” at his one-time employer that created “huge wrongful gains” for the company's managing director and his associates.
NEW DELHI—An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million (U.S.), according to complaints filed with Indian authorities.
Sanka quit the company in late 2016 “because I was increasingly uncomfortable with the way in which IREO's business was being conducted,” according to a police complaint he filed in late February in Gurgaon, a sprawling and ever-growing satellite city of New Delhi.
In a statement at the time, Donald Trump Jr. said: “IREO is truly a fantastic group and we are looking forward to pushing the boundaries together to create what will soon be one of the most exciting and sought-after commercial towers in India.”
The Trump Organization has licensing agreements with all its Indian business partners, who build the properties and acquire the Trump name in exchange for a fee.
The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The AP.
Sanka's accusations were first reported by The Washington Post.
His statements form the basis for an Indian police complaint filed by two large international investors, the UK-based Children's Investment Fund Foundation, a philanthropy founded by British billionaire Chris Hohn, and New York-based Axon partners.
The complaint accuses Lalit Goyal, IREO's managing director, of being at the heart of the alleged fraud, with Sanka's statement saying he “was the final decision maker on all matters” at IREO.
The documents focus on two deals, one for 31 hectares in the small town of Bhiwadi, about 48 kilometres from Gurgaon, and another for 15 hectares of land in Gurgaon.
Through a series of sub-deals, the documents say much of the investment money was channelled away from real estate developments and to Goyal and people close to him.
The complaint filed by Axon and Children's Investment Fund Foundation says the Bhiwadi deal was “nothing but a sham planned by Lalit Goyal in conspiracy with various other accused persons to misappropriate about $62 million.”
A March 9 letter from Hohn and Dinakar Singh, Axon's managing partner, say Goyal “and related entities appear to have diverted funds” worth nearly $150 million, and that they have seen evidence “suggesting there may have been wrongdoing and theft well beyond these amounts.”
The letter, obtained by The AP, was sent to IREO investors.
Goyal and other top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation and Axon had originally filed suit in Mauritius, where the IREO investment funds were incorporated, trying to pressure IREO to manage them better.
In February, before accusations of mismanagement had shifted to accusations of fraud, Goyal told Barron's magazine that IREO carefully watched over investor money and that that “we are very hopeful they will get much more than what they invested back.”
Donald Trump Jr. recently finished a trip through India, promoting properties that have licensed the family name.
The Trump Organization has five projects in India, making it the brand's largest market outside the United States. One complex is already open in the central Indian city of Pune, with other developments in various stages of construction in Kolkata and Mumbai, and two in Gurgaon.
It looks like the capital continues to flow into startups looking to provide some easy way for users to share GIFs, with another startup called Emogi announcing today that it's raised $12.6 million in a new financing round.
Already there's enormous activity in the GIF space, of all things. Google earlier this year acquired Tenor, a GIF platform that supplies a GIF search engine across multiple messaging channels (the company recently added LINE as one service). Tenor earlier had said it had around 12 billion GIF searches every month. Meanwhile, Gfycat, which focuses on creator tools, says it has around 180 million monthly active users with more than 500 million views every month. Giphy, one of the other largest GIF platforms, says it has around 300 million daily active users (and we hear recently held talks for a massive funding round).
So, in total, this is a very hot space, and potentially for good reason. As messenger services — iMessage or otherwise — become the dominant form of communication, users are looking for ways to compress more and more information into a small amount of space. Whether that's stickering on LINE or animoji for iMessage, there's a clear hole for companies to find some new or creative way to help users send over what amounts to some snippet of emotion baked into a clip of their favorite game, movie, or huge moment in a basketball game.
“We were looking at the behavior of consumers [in our previous app and] we realized they weren't even reading the content,” founder Travis Montaque said. “They were literally reacting with emoji, and that's it. That behavior was interesting to us. At the time it was me, a team of several engineers and data scientists, and we decided this way of expressing yourself could increase engagement. We decided we should take a look at how the environment is treating these types of formats, and that caused us to transition the business to being Emogi, working with lead investors to provide richer content experiences across their apps — whether that's in the camera or the keyboard.”
Partners integrate Emogi's SDK into their keyboards, which then sends information about the user's context — like typing or other attributes — to figure out the best GIFs to show and drop a model onto the phone. Montaque, however, stressed that delivers the model to a user's keyboard and does analysis on the device without sending any info back to its servers about the user's conversations. Amid the massive privacy-related snafu Facebook faces, it does seem like many of these communications companies are tuning their tone to emphasize that. That information includes views, shares, and other kinds of information about what type of content users engage with as a means to understand what content to deprecate over time.
There's also a consumer-facing side with the Emogi app, where users can move up stickers or GIFs within messaging services. Emogi's goal is to surface that content directly based on context, rather than providing a search engine like something like Tenor. Obviously that search component was a tantalizing one, as Google found it an attractive company to acquire. But Tenor, too, sought to find ways to figure out the exact right GIF for the exact right moment — and removing that clicking around and lowering the barrier to getting a GIF out the door is one that makes sense in the scope of messaging.
Like some other GIF platforms (including Tenor), Emogi works with brands like Proctor & Gamble to give them an alternative vertical for their marketing efforts that can capture a different slice of a user's behavior outside of the advertising juggernauts. All of this is still in the sort of experimental case — while some of these platforms have a lot of engagement, they obviously aren't Facebook — it does offer a second or third option to the traditional firms as a way to find new buckets of users that they might otherwise not reach.
But all this does mean Emogi is entering an increasingly crowded space, and one that larger companies are definitely starting to take notice of. While platforms like Facebook or LinkedIn look to tap ones like Tenor, it's clear that all these companies are seeing that figuring out a way to compress that emotion into a short window is increasingly important when it comes to messaging. It may be that Tenor and Giphy end up building a strong enough content base and moat, though alternative players like Gfycat are still showing they're able to grow. Montaque says the company's content shows up in messaging apps around 1 billion times a month, which seems like at least a good start to see if it can keep rolling.
The view of the Elizabeth Tower from Parliament Square in London. (AAP)
Britain's much-loved Big Ben will fall silent for four years from next week as conservation work is carried out on the famous 19th century bell in a clock tower next to the Houses of Parliament.
The Great Bell, popularly called Big Ben, weighs 13.7 tonnes and strikes every hour to the note of E.
Four smaller bells also chime every 15 minutes.
The last bong before the refurbishment will be at 12pm (1100 GMT) on August 21.
The clock will still tell the time silently until 2021 and the chimes will continue to be rung on important occasions such as New Year's Eve.
It will be the longest period that Big Ben, whose bongs are familiar to many people around the world because of their use in BBC radio and television broadcasts, has been silent in its 157-year history.
"Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project," Steve Jaggs, whose official title is ‘Keeper of the Great Clock', said in a parliament statement on Monday.
"This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home – the Elizabeth Tower," he said.
The Elizabeth Tower, which is 96 metres (315 feet) high, is the most photographed building in Britain.
The tower itself is commonly referred to as Big Ben even though the name applies only to the bell.
The clock's cogs and hands as well as the four dials will be removed, cleaned up and repaired as part of the work.
The project's cost was estimated last year at £29 million (AUD $48 million).
Because the clock mechanism will be temporarily out of action, a modern electric motor will drive the clock hands until the clock is reinstated.
Parliament also said that the clock's faces would have to be covered up while they are being repaired.
"However, to ensure that the public are still able to set their watches by this most important of time pieces, one working clock face will remain visible at all times throughout the works," it said.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 6:46 pm |
A landscape worker works on cleaning up downed tree limbs on the yard of a home in Short Hills, N.J., a week after a winter storm, March 15. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)
A pair of back-to-back nor'easters is revving up to hit the East Coast on the official start of spring, when they'll merge into the fourth storm to slam the region in a month.
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the dangerous, wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket Island early Thursday.
Sleet and freezing rain are expected on Tuesday afternoon, the first day of spring. On Wednesday, about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected, with some areas getting nearly a foot.
Officials are cautioning against unnecessary travel Wednesday afternoon and evening, when snow could be falling as much as 3 inches an hour.
Widespread power outages are possible, especially Wednesday, with gusts of up to 35 mph at times.
Abductors of the Oniyani of Iyani-Akoko in Ondo State, Oba Joel Daodu, have reduced the ransom for his release from N15 million to N5 million, family sources said yesterday.
The monarch was seized on Saturday evening near Oba-Akoko, on the Owo-Ikare Road.
Residents of Iyani-Akoko have been praying God to intercede for prompt release of the monarch.
It was alleged that Oba Daodu was abducted with one of his prominent chiefs, John Afelumo.
Their whereabouts were still unknown last night.
Reactions have trailed the abduction of the royal father and his chief.
A prominent traditional ruler and the Akala of Ikaram -Akoko, Oba Andrew Momodu, said it was an abomination to abduct a monarch.
He said monarchs were the custodians of traditions and representatives of the Creator of the universe.
The traditional father said such beings should not be ridiculed.
Oba Momodu urged government to recruit more policemen to protect lives and property.
He urged Oba Daodu's abductors to release him with his chief without any condition.
The Olisupare of Supare-Akoko, Oba Adejoro Omosogbon, also called for military deployment to Owo-Ikare Road.
BRUSSELS—The European Union parliament has approved a trade deal with Canada, extolling the pact as a sign of co-operation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization.
After three hours of debate on Wednesday and years of negotiations preceding that, the legislature approved the deal by a margin of 408-254 with 33 abstentions.
The vote should close the drawn-out approval process across the 28 member states, where some governments and legislatures had tried to modify or scupper the deal. The Netherlands could still block it if it demands an advisory national referendum on the deal.
Read more: Some facts about the approved Canada-EU trade deal
The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, known as CETA, is designed to unite the markets of 35 million Canadians with 500 million Europeans.
BY PARKER KLYN
I could've sworn it was a harp. The deft string-plucking of Portland folk singer-songwriter Haley Heynderickx is heavenly, almost to the point that we can imagine her as an old-fashioned Greek painting of a woman with a lyre or an Egyptian carving of the town lutist.
In reality, the instrument is simple classical guitar, but it's played with such elegance that the listener is transported to an Enlightenment tavern or a Rocky Mountain campground, depending on the song.
Heynderickx's debut album, “I Need To Start A Garden,” is filled with moments of such intense beauty that it can be almost difficult to listen to. The instrumentals are spare, as Heynderickx finds power in the negative space between guitar and vocals.
She calls it doom folk, which is interesting, because I don't hear much despondence or despair in her songs. I believe she gets that term from the fact that these songs aren't here to necessarily comfort the listener with accessible chord progressions and sticky hooks; they are meant to challenge the listener with music that is meant to be focused on.
Opener “No Face” is a track with palpable vulnerability. “Face me entirely, tell me what's wrong here,” Heynderickx pleads; she wonders if it's the “bridge of her nose,” the “backs of her skin,” or the “pull of her hips” that's causing a disconnect with someone she cares about. This cut, and many others on the album, are reminiscent of some of the more grounded moments in seminal singer-songwriter Bat For Lashes' discography.
Others evoke early Bon Iver, with their mix of organic and synthetic instrumentation coupled with impressionistic, curious lyrics. “The Bug Collector” has these beautiful, tangible horn passages and rubbery string bass, and Heynderickx is deft with her songwriting on this track; blissful harmonies happen, but only for one word at a time (“morning,” “evening”). By resisting a potential urge to spread those harmonies out, the chorus becomes much more rewarding.
Heynderickx even deals with modern classical and ambient vocal music. “Show You a Body,” a particular highlight, glides along with ethereal piano arpeggios that remind me of recent Brian Eno. In contrast, “Untitled God Song” is very tangible and grounded; it sounds like Heynderickx is closing down a bar with her somber tale. It's a bona fide torch song, complete with a pained instrumental breakdown reflecting her inner conflicts in trying to identify who her god really is.
Occasionally, the sparseness of the music makes engagement difficult. “Jo” meanders along with an almost emo-style guitar line, but it only really sticks when the bass and percussion is inserted into the mix. Album centerpiece “Worth It,” an eight-minute double track, took a few listens to really apply itself, especially after the up-tempo first half is replaced by a much more low-key instrumental passage that takes over five minutes to resolve itself.
It almost feels as if Heynderickx gains musical confidence as the album moves forward. Doo-wop throwback “Oom Sha La La” sticks out from her usual composed nature. The chorus is pure soul bliss, as the four-part harmonies remind me of early Fleet Foxes. Heynderickx has been very open with her struggles in finishing this album, and when that anxiety comes to a head, she finds another solution. “I need to start a garden!” she screams at the album's climax, giving the record its title, “because making this song up is just as hard.”
That's funny, because aside from that moment, the album's unassuming eight-track, 31-minute runtime and Heynderickx's elegance in her vocals and arrangements would make the listener believe that this was a record that required decision-making on cut tracks, not extra effort to fill out the tracklist.
It's clear that she is a perfectionist, but not in the way that we might think singer-songwriters would be. Instead of paining over the perfect lyric or the prettiest chord, Heynderickx focuses on evoking a feeling, a mood, a place. That's what folk music is about.
I said earlier that people want a chance to talk about good things in their personal and professional lives, they just need an avenue to do it. Creating that chance for people to tell me something good helps me connect. For those people I share the table with, my leaders in each area, there's a different dynamic I want to talk about. Sometimes, people also need an avenue to talk about the uncomfortable stuff.
A couple times a year, I like to have everyone sitting at the table share the things about work that are keeping them up at night. Every person gets to talk about two things in their respective areas they think will fall apart. For many, it's a single sharp person leaving. In some organizations, especially small ones, the loss of one truly competent person at the wrong time can have us worried. Often, people talk about training, a piece of equipment that might not last as long as we need it to, or a worry about logistics that will stop us from getting the things we need in time.
So, we have lunch and talk about the things that can go wrong and the scary stuff about our jobs. We do it behind a closed door where we can let our guard down, and yes, I share the things worrying me at my level and the risks I see ahead.
I know what everyone's good at, that's easy. They're rock stars at what they do, and they'll almost always let me know about the successes, but I'd rather hear about the worries so I can prevent them from becoming failures. I can only do that when we talk early, and sharing them with the group in a safe setting allows us to brainstorm, to be on the lookout for solutions, and make plans before emergencies arise.
Again, people sometimes need a chance to talk about those things. If I don't ask, I don't find out early enough to help, but that's not the real reason for it all. You know what usually happens when we do this little exercise? We're reminded that we're all worried about the same basic things, we're all in this together, and they know the boss wants to hear about the bad as well as the good. Through this, I learn more about what's coming and why, and I can do things at my level to encourage the right decisions to happen.
Maybe I can get some people into training early, or I can start making some phone calls to my mentors to ask for guidance, and sometimes I can just be aware. If there's something out there that I can't get ahead of with my extensive network of people, I now know enough to make sure the boss knows as well. Maybe, as we openly talk about risk up the ladder, the right resources can be put to finding solutions early.
There's nothing worse than something falling apart right in front of us. The first question I always get from my boss is: “Why didn't you know about this and tell me?” I can tell you from rather painful experience that there is no version of “I didn't know because I didn't ask” that makes sense to the people above you.
Sometimes we need to talk about risk all by itself without rushing to find a solution at the same time. Again, good decisions come when you create a buffer of time between questions and answers. This is a way to figure out what to ask as early as possible.
– What at work is keeping you up at night?
– Do you have some forum where you can get your senior people together to talk about risk as a group?
Have a great week out there.
– JT
New York Times: “Rupert Murdoch has repeatedly urged President Trump to fire him. Anthony Scaramucci, the president's former communications director, thrashed him on television as a white nationalist. Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, the national security adviser, refused to even say he could work with him.”
“For months, Mr. Trump has considered ousting Stephen Bannon, the White House chief strategist and relentless nationalist who ran the Breitbart website and called it a ‘platform for the alt-right.' Mr. Trump has sent Mr. Bannon to a kind of internal exile, and has not met face-to-face for more than a week with a man who was once a fixture in the Oval Office, according to aides and friends of the president.”
“So far, Mr. Trump has not been able to follow through — a product of his dislike of confrontation, the bonds of a foxhole friendship forged during the 2016 presidential campaign and concerns about what mischief Mr. Bannon might do once he leaves the protective custody of the West Wing.”
How ‘Sesame Street' is helping kids learn to cope with trauma
Big Bird and his “Sesame Street” buddies are taking on a new mission: helping kids learn to cope with stress and trauma.
Sesame Workshop, the nonprofit offshoot of the long-running children's program “Sesame Street,” launched the powerful new initiative, which was designed with the help of psychologists, the same week that the nation was rocked by the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The initiative includes materials for parents, caregivers and social workers, as well as video elements featuring the beloved “Sesame Street” Muppets demonstrating the simple exercises to help children to feel safe and cope with the traumatic and stressful experiences.
A new analysis of the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health that was released today found that nearly half of all American children under age 18 have had at least one Adverse Childhood Experience (ACE).
ACEs, or stressful or traumatic events, have been linked to risky health behaviors, chronic health conditions, low life potential and even early death, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ACEs are also a significant risk factor for substance abuse disorders, according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
While traumatic experiences cannot always be prevented, the new material from “Sesame Street,” released entirely online, aims to help prevent childhood trauma from defining a person's life and lessen the adverse effects of it.
“As much as we would like to wrap our arms around our children and try to keep anything bad from getting through, it's unrealistic that we have that ability,” Robin Gurwitch, a member of the National Child Traumatic Stress Network, told ABC News earlier this week in the wake of the Las Vegas mass shooting, which resulted in the deaths of 58 people and injured hundreds more.
Dr. Lee Beers, a pediatrician at Children's National Health System in Washington, D.C., added that tragedy does not have to be a trauma for children if it is “buffered by good, strong and caring relationships, by the adults around the child.”
Sherrie Westin, an executive at Sesame Workshop, said she felt called to launch the program “given how few resources there are for young children dealing with traumatic experiences.”
“Sesame Street” characters are also in a unique position to help children cope with trauma, Westin added in a statement, because “'Sesame Street' has always been a source of comfort to children dealing with very difficult circumstances.”
“We know how damaging childhood trauma can be to a child's health and wellbeing,” Dr. Richard Besser, the president and CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which helped fund the initiative said in a statement.
Besser, a former ABC News medical correspondent, added that the new initiative “provides tools to help children cope with life's most difficult challenges.”
The full resources are available on the “Sesame Street in Communities” website. Big Bird appeared live on “Good Morning America” today to demonstrate some of the exercises, but you can watch all of the stress-mitigating lessons from the Muppets below.
Demba Bamba of France tackles Ireland's Matthew Agnew. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
THINGS WERE LOOKING good for Ireland at the midway point of last night's U20 World Championship opener against France at Stade Aime Giral in Perpignan.
Although the hosts took an early lead through a Maxime Marty try, Ireland responded well. Courtesy of tries from Joe Dunleavy and Hugh O'Sullivan, as well as seven points from the boot of Harry Byrne, they held a 17-5 lead at the break.
However, a blistering start to the second half from the French was decisive, as Marty, Artur Coville and Romain Ntamack all crossed for tries which were converted by Ntamack.
Byrne's late try — which helped to earn a losing bonus point for Noel McNamara's side — set up a tense finish, but Les Bleus held on to seal a 26-24 win, the highlights of which you can view below.
Ireland now need a win against South Africa on Sunday if they're to remain in contention to reach the semi-finals.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A prototype for a redesigned Ford Focus Sedan has been spotted again. It follows recent sightings of the new Focus' hatchback and wagon body styles.
The new Focus will be launched in 2018, as a 2019 model, and this time around Ford will source the popular compact from a plant in China.
The current Focus—bar the Focus RS, which comes from Germany—is sourced from a plant in Wayne, Michigan. Ford plans to reassign the Wayne plant for the higher-margin Ranger and Bronco models once production of the current Focus ends.
Ford originally planned to source the new Focus from a plant to be constructed in Mexico, but given the declining sales for passenger vehicles the automaker's top brass decided to forgo the Mexican plant and instead use spare capacity at a Chinese plant also scheduled to build the new Focus.
2019 Ford Focus spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
From modifications seen on early test mules, we know the new Focus will be slightly longer and wider than the current model. This should lead to more space in the cabin.
It's not clear what Ford plans for the powertrains though it's almost certain all units will be turbocharged. A Focus ST hatch should be offered at launch, once again with a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4. And further out, expect a Focus RS hatch. It's still too early to tell what powertrain this model will have.
Even with declining sales for passenger vehicles, the Focus remains an important nameplate in the United States. For the first six months of 2017, Ford delivered 82,721 examples of both the hatch and sedan. This was down on the 103,144 examples the automaker delivered in the same period a year ago, however.
Key rivals for the Focus include the Chevrolet Cruze, Honda Civic, Mazda 3, Subaru Impreza, Toyota Corolla and Volkswagen Golf/Jetta.
ISLAMABAD : National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) President Saeed Ahmed on Wednesday moved an application in an accountability court seeking acquittal in the assets reference filed against former finance minister Ishaq Dar.
Judge Muhammad Bashir resumed today the hearing of reference filed against the PML-N leader by the National Accountability Bureau (NAB).
The NBP president, who has been nominated as co-accused along with two others in the case, filed the plea, requesting the judge to acquit him for want of evidence. He contended that there is no substantive evidence that indicate his involvement in the offence. He denied that he got bank accounts opened to facilitate the main accused.
During the hearing today, defence lawyer Qazi Misbah cross-examined witness Masood Ghani who is associated with a private bank.
Ahmed's counsel requested the judge to allow his client to proceed to Saudi Arabia to perform Umrah. At this, the judge said how he can do so at this juncture when the trial is ongoing.
NAB prosecutor Imran Shafiq alleged the accused are using delaying tactics to prolong the trial.
Judge also expressed displeasure over the absence of NBP president's senior counsel Hashmat Habib and asked when he would recover from illness to appear in court. He regretted that the cross-examination of a witness couldn't be completed in the past four hearings due to his absence.
On Feb 26, the anti-graft watchdog filed a supplementary reference against Ishaq Dar in the assets case with regard to alleged accumulation of assets beyond his known sources of income.
Three co-accused, including Saeed Ahmed, Mansoor Raza and Naeem Mehmood, were also nominated in the reference.
The NBP president had earlier said he came to know in 2016 that as many as seven accounts were being operated in his name. His signatures were faked to open such accounts, he claimed.
A NAB prosecutor argued that millions of rupees were transacted into the foreign currency accounts, which were operated from 1997 to 2006. He expressed surprise how come the NBP President was not in the know about these accounts having been opened in his name.
Pruitt Proposes New Rule Defining What Science Can Be Used By EPA
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Andrew/Getty Images Jason Andrew/Getty Images
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, he says. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, he adds.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When he proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," he adds. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, he says. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," he adds. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
MINNEAPOLIS — Tom Brady has never lost in Minnesota, with his latest game in the land of lakes this weekend at the Super Bowl of course looming as the largest yet.
Well, long before all this football success, Brady actually endured a couple of memorable failures in the state. They came during those treasured visits to his family's farm outside the tiny town of Browerville.
First, there was his grandfather's dog, Tippy. Little Tommy ignored the advice of his elders one day and decided to feed Tippy a bone.
"I bent down to give him a kiss, and he bit through my lip," Brady said. "That was pretty rough."
Then there was his ill-fated debut with chewing tobacco, which he persuaded his uncles to let him sample during the half-hour ride back to the farm from their fishing expedition on the lake.
"They said, 'Look, if we give it to you, you can't spit it out until you get home,' Of course they give it to me, and within five minutes I'm outside of the car, throwing up all over the place," Brady said. "And I don't think I've had much chewing tobacco since then."
Brady spent plenty more time in central Minnesota as he aged into a star quarterback and eventually one of the most famous people on the planet. He still makes a priority to visit in the offseasons with his wife and children, trying to continue a tradition he reflected upon fondly and often during news conferences this week.
"I've come here my entire life since I was a baby. I've been coming to Minnesota in summers and winters. I loved the experience. I loved the life here," Brady said. "Some of my greatest memories as a kid were coming here and milking cows with my grandpa; hanging out in his silos and in the haystack above his barn; going out to where he would pasteurize the milk and pull the cream off the top of the milk in the morning; and shooting his (.22-calibre rifle) at targets in the backyard, and catching sunfish with my uncles. It was great. I love being here. It's a great state. Obviously, I love the people. Being that my mom's from here, I'm proud of that."
Galynn Johnson was the middle child between two boys, the 1961 homecoming queen at Browerville High School who moved to California and met Tom Brady, who would later add senior to his name when a certain five-time Super Bowl winner was born. The couple returned to Todd County, where the prairie meets the forest a little less than a 2 1/2-hour drive northwest of downtown Minneapolis, in 1969 for their wedding.
Brady and the Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, when several family members will be in attendance at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Pakistan is the first country in the region to utilize this record-setting technology at Bhikki Power Plant having capacity to generate 385MW to powering Pakistan and fueling progress by working across various fuel sources, including gas, coal, hydro, wind and others. It may be noted that GE (NYSE: GE) and Harbin Electric International Company Limited (HEI) achieved a major milestone with the first fire of an advanced GE 9HA gas turbine installed at the Bhikki Power Plant – less than 17 months after the turnkey project was first announced.
The turbine can generate up to 385 megawatts (MW) of reliable power that is expected to be distributed for residential and commercial use through the national grid within a few days after first fire. “First fire of gas turbine 1 is a significant milestone towards the completion of the Bhikki project, a key initiative undertaken by the Government of Punjab to provide reliable, uninterrupted power to citizens,” stated the Chief Minister of Punjab, Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif.
“GE's HA gas turbines have set industry benchmarks in the cost-effective conversion of fuel to electricity, and we are delighted to adopt this leading technology in Pakistan. I am also proud to say that the open and transparent procurement process through which the technology was acquired helped us save billions of rupees, while providing affordable power to the country.” First fire is a critical test where the gas turbine is switched on and run on fuel at the site. It follows several months of installation and commissioning works.
With Pakistan facing an estimated 5 gigawatt (GW) energy shortfall, the Government is moving forward quickly with projects to help meet this power deficit. Set to be one of the most efficient power plants in the country, upon completion the 1,180 MW Bhikki facility is expected to generate the equivalent power needed to supply approximately 2.5 million Pakistani homes. It will play a critical role in meeting the Government's goals under Vision 2025 to expand access to electricity to over 90 percent of the population.
“GE has invested almost $2 billion in the development of our HA technology, and our turbine provides a powerful combination of the highest efficiency and superior operational flexibility, leading the industry in total life cycle value,” said Mohamad Ali, President & CEO of GE's Gas Power Systems – Projects, in the Middle East, North Africa, Pakistan and India. “We are proud to bring this technology to Pakistan, and with this important milestone – achieved in less than 17 months – we are one step closer to ensuring the everyday needs of people and industry are met.”
The HA is GE's largest and most efficient gas turbine. In June 2016, GE set a world record for powering the world's most efficient combined-cycle power plant with its HA technology. Today, the technology is being adopted by customers around the world, including those in the UK, USA, Japan, Korea, Germany, France and other countries.
GE entered an agreement to provide two high-efficiency 9HA.01 gas turbines and associated equipment to HEI for the Bhikki Combined Cycle Power Plant in September 2015. HEI is providing engineering, procurement and construction services for the facility. GE has been a committed partner in Pakistan's development for more than 50 years, providing innovative solutions for energy, transportation and healthcare. Today, more than 25 per cent of the country's electricity is generated by GE-built technologies, and the company's operations create employment opportunities for more than 450 people across Pakistan.
COULD eating grapes slow what's for many Americans a downhill sequence of high blood pressure and insulin resistance leading to heart disease and type 2 diabetes? Scientists at the University of Michigan Health System are teasing out clues to the effect of grapes in reducing risk factors related to cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome.
The effect is thought to be due to phytochemicals — naturally occurring antioxidants — that grapes contain. Findings from a new animal study will be presented April 26 at the Experimental Biology convention in Anaheim, Calif., and show encouraging results of a grape-enriched diet preventing risk factors for metabolic syndrome, a condition affecting an estimated 50 million Americans and is often a precursor to type 2 diabetes.
Researchers studied the effect of regular table grapes (a blend of green, red and black grapes) that were mixed into a powdered form and integrated into the diets of laboratory rats as part of a high-fat, American style diet. All of the rats used were from a research breed that is prone to being overweight.
They performed many comparisons between the rats consuming a grape-enriched diet and the control rats receiving no grape powder. Researchers added calories and sugars to the control group to balance the extra calories and sugars gained from getting the grape powder.
After three months, the rats that received the grape-enriched diet had lower blood pressure, better heart function, and reduced indicators of inflammation in the heart and the blood than rats who received no grape powder. Rats also had lower triglycerides and improved glucose tolerance.
The effects were seen even though the grape-fed animals had no change in body weight. In all, researchers say the study demonstrates that a grape-enriched diet can have broad effects on the development of heart disease and metabolic syndrome and the risk factors that go along with it. “The possible reasoning behind the lessening of metabolic syndrome is that the phytochemicals were active in protecting the heart cells from the damaging effects of metabolic syndrome. In the rats, inflammation of the heart and heart function was maintained far better,” says Steven Bolling, M.D., heart surgeon at the U-M Cardiovascular Center and head of the U-M Cardioprotection Research Laboratory.
Related
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The body of an elderly woman was found in her Henbury flat three weeks after she died, according to her neighbour.
Police officers were called to Barlands House in Standfast Road at around 9am on Saturday morning (April 21) where they kicked in the door and found the woman, who was thought to be in her 70s.
A neighbour said tenants were prompted to call the emergency services by a “bad smell” in the corridor which made them concerned about the woman's welfare.
(Image: Image: Bristol Live/ Jon Kent)
Bristol City Council has confirmed a woman was found dead in the flat and said a caretaker visited the property but could not gain access before the police were called by a neighbour.
The resident that reported the death asked not to be named but told Bristol Live: “In the end [the smell] got so bad a neighbour phoned the police and the police came on Saturday morning and they bashed in the door. They found she's been dead for three weeks.
“I didn't know her at all well. She's been here longer than me. She kept herself to herself. She didn't seem to speak to anybody much. I used to take parcels for her. She didn't really want much to do with anyone. I never saw friends or family.
“I don't know how old she was. She's got to be in her 70s I would have thought.
“I found this very upsetting. I live here, this is my neighbour, I wished her well.”
Barlands House is a 15-storey council tower block near Crow Lane in Henbury consisting of 86 dwellings.
(Image: Image: Bristol Live/ Jon Kent)
Police have confirmed a woman was found dead but the incident is not being treated as suspicious.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: “We were called to an address in Standfast Road, Bristol on Saturday, April 21, where the body of a woman was found. The death is not being treated as suspicious and a file has been handed to the coroner.”
A sign is seen near Emerson, Man. on Thursday. Refugees have been crossing the closed border port into Canada at Emerson and authorities had a town hall meeting in Emerson to discuss their options. ( JOHN WOODS / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Newly installed Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen is facing a dilemma. Each day, refugees risk their lives to cross into Canada from the United States in order to make refugee claims. They have done so at great risk to themselves; walking for days, some have already suffered severe frostbite. So great is their desperation to make it to Canada to make their claim for asylum that they are willing to take the chance. Refugees entering Canada through the United States are forced to cross in this way, avoiding detection of Canadian border officials, because the Safe Third Country Agreement between Canada and the United States requires Canadian immigration officials to deny entry to Canada to most refugee claimants who come from the United States and who cross at an official land border crossing into Canada. Those who are denied entry are turned back to the United States. This agreement, which has been in place since 2004, has been the subject of much criticism by refugee and human rights groups since President Trump issued his executive orders. They have urged the Minister to suspend it because of the effect these orders have had on refugees in the United States. Certainly as the evidence mounts that the United States is not a safe country for refugees the pressure on Minister Hussen to act is increasing. A study released last week by Harvard University demonstrates the serious impact that Trump's executive orders have had on refugees — increased detention; summary removal from the United States; long delays in determination of asylum claims.
Article Continued Below
These measures are already in place and have not been affected by the temporary restraining order issued by the court in Washington, which suspended the ban on persons from seven Muslim countries. In response to the court orders, President Trump has promised other initiatives as early as this week, which will undoubtedly have an adverse impact on refugees. More importantly, President's Trump's message of hostility toward Muslims in particular and refugees in general, has made refugees feel unsafe in a country where they are viewed with suspicion and fear. Minister Hussen has so far been noncommittal on action about the Safe Third Country Agreement. Undoubtedly his inaction is caused by concern over how Canada would handle a large influx of refugees from the United States if the agreement were suspended.
The Immigration and Refugee Board is already facing serious challenges. Large backlogs already exist and unless effective measures are taken to deal with this, the tribunal runs the risk of losing credibility if the delays get out of hand. But the minister can ill afford to wait much longer. The status quo is simply untenable. It is only a matter of time before further tragedy occurs and another refugee is seriously injured or dies while trying to make it into Canada. Moreover, by continuing to enforce the agreement the Canadian government is sending asylum seekers back to a country where we can have little confidence that their claims will be treated fairly. Short of suspending the agreement completely the minister does have other options. He could instruct officials that until such time as the panorama clarifies itself in the United States they should not apply the agreement and should exercise their discretion in a positive fashion in all cases. This would not be a formal suspension where the Canadian government would have to notify the government of the United States but it would still allow refugees safe-haven in Canada until the impact of the measures can be fully assessed. At the same time the minister could invite all stakeholders to a meeting to discuss measures that could be taken to deal with the growing backlog. Certainly the Immigration and Refugee Board is an independent tribunal and its independence must be respected. If the tribunal reaches out to experts to discuss how it can more efficiently process cases, this need not compromise its independence. A solution that combines additional resources with increased efficiency must be found. The minister should also respond to the vacuum created by the United States' suspension of overseas refugee resettlement, and its cutting refugee resettlement target by 60,000 people in 2017. This leaves a shortfall in the worldwide resettlement quota that must be filled. Canada should take a leadership role and accept more refugees and encourage other states to do the same. Lorne Waldman is a Toronto lawyer and the Past-President of the Canadian Association of Refugee Lawyers (CARL). Erin Simpson is a Toronto lawyer and the advocacy co-chair of CARL.
Read more about:
Nobody likes corporate trainings. Nobody.
In fact one of life's puzzles that eludes me most is how a person could enjoy corporate trainings enough to spend their time designing and running them. Perhaps only with distain for the status quo can a startup create something that people not only don't hate, but find helpful.
The idea for Butterfly, founded by David Mendlewicz, Simon Rakosi and Marcus Perezi-Tormos, originated from poor experiences the young managers had when receiving leadership training. The startup is announcing a $2.4 million seed round today from Daphni, Tectonic Ventures, Precursor Ventures and a number of angels with the hopes of making things better.
Mendlewicz told me that the gold standard for training is a compressed quarterly or yearly training. This tends not to work because it's not targeted in terms of content or timing. Instead, Butterfly monitors team feedback and uses machine learning to push brief, digestible, tips to managers via a chatbot named Alex to help improve outcomes.
“We're focusing on content that managers can take advantage of — short and conversational,” Mendlewicz added.
The startup is moving its focus to Fortune 500 companies. The team has already managed to onboard 20 large companies, including Citibank, Ticketmaster and Coca-Cola, with paid contracts reaching 50 percent or more of the addressable workforce at each.
Butterfly collects feedback about the impact its having within corporations. By building relationships with academics from the University of Oxford and Columbia University researching human behavior in the workplace, Butterfly hopes to unpack key drivers and use them to affect change.
“Younger workforces thrive on more feedback,” Charles Hudson, an investor in Butterfly from Precursor Ventures, told me in an interview. “You need a mechanism for delivering feedback to them in a way that works.”
Right now about a third of Butterfly's content comes from third parties and two thirds is content that the startup has indexed and reframed. In the future, the platform could make for an interesting content marketplace where managers could opt into the tools they think they could most benefit from.
“Buying central learning resources is going away and people at the individual or team level are going to have control over those budgets,” Hudson added.
With data of what resources work for which teams, Butterfly can inform decisions around what training content companies should be spending their money on. And ideally managers get accustomed to the format enough that learning starts to feel more like reading a story a friend sent via Messenger and less like a clunky, outdated, training exercise.
Featured Image: Camelia Dobrin/Getty Images
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former Birmingham brothel visited by up to 1,000 men a week is up for sale – with planning permission to use it for a school or place of worship.
Despite being on the market for over nine months, the property has yet to sell for its asking price of £225,000.
Although it hasn't found a buyer, it does come with some unique selling points - including an interior with subtle red lighting, 'sauna' and is described as 'fully fitted'.
(Photo: BPM Media)
The description to sellers includes: "Internally the property has been fitted to out to create multiple rooms with shower facilities."
Back in October six people admitted to running the city centre brothel that reportedly made over £7million in the previous five years .
The Libra Club had been at the centre of a court case which saw the former father and son owners both pleading guilty to to keeping, managing or assisting in the management of a brothel for the purposes of prostitution .
(Photo: Birmingham Post and Mail)
Achilleos Neophytou and Stefanos Neophytou were each sentenced to 27 months.
Martin Tierney, involved in the day to day management of the brothel, was handed a 10-month sentence suspended for two years and ordered to do 120 hours unpaid work.
Ogun Olufunlola, Anita O'Donnell and Marily Egan, who all worked at the club's reception, were given 12-month community orders.
(Photo: BPM Media)
The case had followed a raid on in February 2015 which saw 50 police officers swoop on the club in a 5am sting, following months of surveillance.
During the monitoring of the club, police recorded 999 people visiting it during just one week.
Located just outside of the city's Jewellery Quarter the property has been valued at £225,000.
(Photo: BPM Media)
The building is described as a “brick construction with concrete floor and corrugated roof benefiting from translucent roof panels”.
Inside the property, much of the fittings from the previous owners still remain - with red lit reception room and individual rooms with shower facilities.
There is even a “VIP room” containing a sauna and hot tub.
Two police officers posing as customers and equipped with recording equipment went undercover into Libra, Birmingham Crown Court was told.
(Photo: BPM Media)
James Curtis, prosecuting told the court: “They found it operating as a full on brothel."
He went on “What they saw were a number of cell rooms off a corridor.
“There were a number of girls in underwear, in fishnet stockings and high heels.
“Some approached the officers and they were offered full services.”
For obvious reasons, security is a big feature of the building, with CCTV, alarm systems and external roller shutter protection.
At just under 2,000 sq ft across one floor, the building does have potential to be renovated for other purposes.
According to the listing, planning permission has been granted for D1 use - which allows the construction of non-residential institutions, including clinics, crèches, schools, museums, libraries and places of worship amongst other uses.
Islamabad,
Most parts of the country will remain in the grip of intense heatwave with temperatures staying above 40°C in sub mountainous areas of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Azad Jammu and Kashmir, while around 50°C in interior Sindh, southern and central Punjab and eastern Balochistan during the next five days.
Met office spokesman Wednesday informed that mainly dry weather is likely to prevail during the next four to five days. Yet, there is 30% chance of isolated rain/duststorm in Rawalpindi and Malakand divisions during next 5 days.Meanwhile the sea breeze will restore gradually from Friday along the coastal belt, bringing Karachi temperature to normal range of 35° to 37°C during next week, the spokesman said. Meanwhile. Bahawalpur and adjoining areas experienced very hot weather on Wednesday as highest maximum temperature recorded was 47 Centigrade.The hot wind continued blowing in the citywhole day, forcing people to remain indoors. Traffic was also thin on city arteries.The Met Office forecast a dry and very hot weather for Bahawalpur for next 24 hours.—APP
Local musician will aim to break Guinness record at River Rock Casino Resort, starting May 7
A Vancouver-area musician named Spirit is on a mission to set a record for longest continuous guitar playing.
He'll attempt the 116-hour marathon session at Richmond's River Rock Casino Resort early next month, in a bid to raise $10,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society.
If things go according to plan, Spirit will play guitar staring at 10 a.m. on Monday, May 7 and won't stop picking until 11 p.m. Saturday, May 12. Guinness-mandated rules allow for a five-minute break every hour, and Spirit can bank that time.
“There's no ‘if' here, it's happening,” Spirit says in a promo video posted to the casino's Facebook page. “I've already completed it in my mind.”
CLICK HERE to watch the video.
According to Guinness, the record for longest marathon playing guitar by an individual is 114 hours, six minutes and 30 seconds, a feat achieved by Irish musician David Browne at a Dublin bar in 2011.
After seeing video of Browne in action, Spirit set out to break the record, with a charitable twist.
Both of his parents died from cancer-related illnesses, said the former Surrey resident, who now lives in Delta.
“After witnessing (that) and being part of that personally, it hit me, because it (cancer) could lie in my genes,” Spirit says in the casino's promo video.
• READ MORE: Spirit, Surrey's skilled acoustic live-looper, loses his ‘Cool', from 2016.
For every day Spirit plays guitar during his marathon, Great Canadian Casinos will donate $1,000 to the cause.
The record attempt will include some challenges for Spirit, including washroom breaks and sleep deprivation.
“I'll always think of myself as a fortunate person,” he writes on a “Spirit And The Challenge” page on the cancer society's website. “Why? Because I have the opportunity to live my passion by performing music for a living and share this gift with others. As an ‘Acoustic Live Looping Artist,' I am excited about performing and growing as an artist, but also feel I should give back to society and to my community on many levels as I become more successful. This event will definitely be on a new level for me!”
When performing, Spirit is a one-man band armed with a modified acoustic guitar, vocal mics and an array of foot pedals. His live-looping method involves music created on the spot.
“Everything you hear is live,” Spirit emphasized in a 2016 interview. “At first, people usually think, ‘OK, it's a guy playing guitar,' and sometimes they'll hear other things and wonder if they're pre-recorded. Well, no they're not. I build the songs in front of them, and some people get that and others don't realize what's happening, that I'm adding layers. There's a lot going on, and I think it's pretty unique.”
tom.zillich@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Tom on Twitter
Lucknow: The Uttar Pradesh police on Saturday arrested another accused over the killing of Abhishek Gupta, aka Chandan, during clashes in Kasganj on Republic Day.
Kasganj superintendent of police, Piyush Srivastav, said special operations group arrested Rahat Qureshi and booked him for murder, continuing its crackdown against the January 26 incident.
Twenty three-year-old Chandan, who was part of a tiranga yatra, was shot dead when bikers holding the tricolour and saffron flags wanted right of the way through an area earmarked for a ceremony in the predominantly Muslim neighbourhood, triggering communal violence. At least three shops, two buses and a car were also torched in the clashes.
Police have so far arrested 17 people out of the 20 named as accused in the FIR lodged on the basis of a complaint filed by Chandan's father Sushil Gupta.
Schedule for FATA and Islamabad withheld
Islamabad
Sophia Siddiqui
The Election Commission of Pakistan has notified schedule for the Senate elections in the four provinces while the one to fill the seats of FATA and the federal capital has been withheld.
According to a notification issued by ECP today, the polling will be held on 3rd of the next month. Public notice inviting nomination papers will be issued by the Returning Officers today.
The candidates can file nomination papers by next Thursday while the names of the nominated candidates will be published on Friday. The scrutiny of the nomination papers will be done on 12th of this month while the candidates can file appeals against acceptance and rejection of nominations on 15th of this month. The appeals will be disposed of by the tribunals on17th of this month. The revised list of the candidates will be published on 18th of this month while withdrawal of candidature is on 19th of this month. In each province the members will elect seven members for general seats, two members for the seats reserved for women and two members for the sets reserved for technocrats including Ulema. The senators will be elected in place of those who are going to retire on 11th of next month after the expiry of their term of the office. Senators on the non-Muslim reserved seats will be elected by Punjab and Sindh province according to the same schedule.
The polls will be held in the provincial assembly buildings of the concerned assemblies.
As many as 52 senators, including Senate Chairman Raza Rabbani and Opposition Leader in the Senate Aitzaz Ahsan would complete their term on March 11.
Senate Deputy Chairman Abdul Ghafoor Haideri and Leader of the House in Senate Raja Zafarul Haq were elected to the Senate in March 2015 and would therefore retire in March 2021.
Of the 52 retiring senators, 18 senators belong to the Pakistan People's Party (PPP), nine to Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N), five are independent and as many are from the Awami National Party, four each from the Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid-e-Azam (PML-Q) and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM), three from Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam Fazl (JUI-F), two from the Balochistan National Party-Awami (BNP-A), and one each from the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) and the Pakistan Muslim League-Functional (PML-F).
World Cafe Nashville: Penny & Sparrow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Set List "Double Heart"
"Salome & Saint Procula"
"Wendigo"
Kyle Jahnke and Andy Baxter, collectively known as Penny & Sparrow, are pin-drop performers, the kind which silence rooms with impeccable songs and storytelling that unfolds like a dream. The duo has amassed a devoted following in six years, and traveled from Austin, Texas to Muscle Shoals, Ala., now splitting its time between the two musical centers.
Working with producers like John Paul White of The Civil Wars, Penny & Sparrow has steadily built a sound as attentive to detail as Simon & Garfunkel and as open to the present day as Bon Iver. The self-produced Wendigo, the pair's fifth full-length release, shows Penny & Sparrow at its most focused and sonically inventive. On songs like "Double Heart" and the monster-ridden title track, Baxter culls from myth and history in his lyrics to confront faith, desire, loss, doubt and spiritual recovery. A religious thread runs through Penny & Sparrow's work, but its music is Christian in the same way that Marilynne Robinson's novels are Christian: deeply personal, sometimes heretical, bent on finding grace in surprising places.
In conversation, Baxter is voluble while Jahnke — the melodic "wizard" behind the songs — quietly takes a back seat. Their telepathic musical relationship becomes clear the moment Jahnke strums his guitar and Baxter starts singing. Penny & Sparrow performed and talked with me at Sound Stage Studios in Nashville. Hear it all in the player above.
LONDON, Ont. — Canadian lender VersaBank is moving towards launching a blockchain-based virtual vault to store digital properties such as cryptocurrency.
The London, Ont.-based chartered bank says its subsidiary VersaVault has signed two memorandums of understanding with a cryptocurrency exchange and a cryptocurrency-based fund.
VersaBank did not disclose the names of the exchange or the fund.
The branchless bank says these agreements will facilitate feedback from two institutional holders of cryptocurrency assets to help guide the lender's development of VersaVault, which it intends to launch globally.
Furry animals you don't see very often, good home-cooked meals, entertainment from bands to balloon artists, and all kinds of family fun await fairgoers at this weekend's 90th annual Westfield Fair, which is dedicated to the men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States.
This year's three-day fair begins Friday at 5 p.m. at the Westfield fairgrounds located at 129 Russellville Road. Admission is $8, $6 for seniors and free for children under 12 with a paid adult. Parking is $2.
"Fairs are something most of us attend as a kid, then forget about for a while, until we have children of our own, then grandchildren, and want them to experience going to a fair. People don't come for just one thing, it's all about getting the feeling of being at a fair," said Andrew Frenier, a member of the Westfield Fair Association, organizers of the event.
Frenier offered his thoughts on the five most popular attractions at the fair each year in no particular order:
Livestock - "When it comes right down to it, this is an agricultural fair, and agriculture is where it all began for fairs. Many younger children are unfamiliar with farms and farm animals today, so we have a really good turnout of people walking through our barns with their children and grandchildren," Frenier said. Visitors will find junior and adult dairy, oxen, junior sheep, junior and adult beef, and goat shows and more to watch at the fair.
- "When it comes right down to it, this is an agricultural fair, and agriculture is where it all began for fairs. Many younger children are unfamiliar with farms and farm animals today, so we have a really good turnout of people walking through our barns with their children and grandchildren," Frenier said. Visitors will find junior and adult dairy, oxen, junior sheep, junior and adult beef, and goat shows and more to watch at the fair. Trucks and racing - "It's trucks and more all three days of the fair," Frenier said. The racing thrills begin on Friday night with truck pulling, then on Saturday the challenge continues with the rough and tumble of a demolition derby as vehicles ram into one another until only one is left "intact." Sunday features the dirty business of mud bog racing as competitors drive their vehicles through a pit of mud.
- "It's trucks and more all three days of the fair," Frenier said. The racing thrills begin on Friday night with truck pulling, then on Saturday the challenge continues with the rough and tumble of a demolition derby as vehicles ram into one another until only one is left "intact." Sunday features the dirty business of mud bog racing as competitors drive their vehicles through a pit of mud. Music - "It's always a challenge to get decent bands and this year we have popular country singer Stefanie Jasmine, who we are hoping will bring in a lot of people on Saturday night," Frenier said. Opening day entertainment will feature Feel Good Drift, an acoustic rock and jam band performing a variety of mash-ups of popular songs. Jim Blanch & The Boot Hills Band will end the fair on Sunday, along with Resurrection Airmen Country Band.
- "It's always a challenge to get decent bands and this year we have popular country singer Stefanie Jasmine, who we are hoping will bring in a lot of people on Saturday night," Frenier said. Opening day entertainment will feature Feel Good Drift, an acoustic rock and jam band performing a variety of mash-ups of popular songs. Jim Blanch & The Boot Hills Band will end the fair on Sunday, along with Resurrection Airmen Country Band. Food - Just like at any fair, popular food from fried dough to French fries and from hamburgers to pizza and many other favorite treats make up the menu from one end of the fairgrounds to the other. "We also have our own dining hall where fair members volunteer their time cooking up some delicious food. It's very popular, and once people learn about it, they keep coming back for a meal every year," Frenier said. On Friday, the dining hall will be serving up Tacos in a Bag. A more substantial meal of pulled pork, cole slaw and beans, or shepherd's pie will be dished out on Saturday. Then, on Sunday, it's a turkey meal with all the trimmings.
- Just like at any fair, popular food from fried dough to French fries and from hamburgers to pizza and many other favorite treats make up the menu from one end of the fairgrounds to the other. "We also have our own dining hall where fair members volunteer their time cooking up some delicious food. It's very popular, and once people learn about it, they keep coming back for a meal every year," Frenier said. On Friday, the dining hall will be serving up Tacos in a Bag. A more substantial meal of pulled pork, cole slaw and beans, or shepherd's pie will be dished out on Saturday. Then, on Sunday, it's a turkey meal with all the trimmings. Exhibit Hall - "People love to walk through our Exhibit Hall, which is filled with exhibits by both adults and kids, where judges rate all kinds of entries from photography to vegetable growing," Frenier said. Other hall exhibits include flowers, sewing, needlework, canned and preserved goods, baked goods, and many other categories. After the fair ends on Sunday night, there will be an auction at 6 p.m., where you can bid on something you might have seen in the Exhibit Hall.
Something new this year, Frenier noted they will be introducing a Funland filled with large inflatables including bounce houses, obstacle courses, jousting games and more.
"We're really excited about this and have been searching for the biggest inflatables we can find," Frenier said.
A full schedule of events is available at thewestfieldfair.com
Frenier noted the Westfield Fair is "100 percent non-profit" comprised of a volunteer board.
LONDON, Ont. — A fire chief in southwestern Ontario has retired amid allegations that his department was plagued by a culture of harassment and retaliation.
The City of London says in a press release that Chief John Kobarda is retiring "effective immediately" after 27 years as a firefighter in the city, 14 of which he spent in the top job.
London Abused Women's Centre executive director Megan Walker says she has received more than 30 complaints in less than a week from London firefighters alleging that they are shouted at or discriminated against by superiors, and punished for standing up for their colleagues.
Walker says the allegations do not name Kobarda specifically, but that he bears responsibility as the leader of the department.
Halifax-area RCMP say they have investigated six “sextortion” incidents this year, and are warning residents to be careful online. In five of the cases, men were extorted by women, with victims' ages ranging from 17 to 52.
Police say some of the investigations are ongoing, while others have concluded without charges because suspects can't be located or identified. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Police say the victims were asked to perform a sex act during a video chat after meeting suspects online. The suspects then revealed they surreptitiously recorded the act, and demanded money while threatening to release the video to the victims' contacts if they didn't comply. Only one of the six victims sent money as demanded.
Article Continued Below
Police say some of the investigations are ongoing, while others have concluded without charges because suspects can't be located or identified. Read more: ‘Sextortion' scams target males, York Regional police warn Teens still falling victim to online ‘sextortion' They say the videos were never sent to the victims' contacts as threatened.
“If you make a video or take a photo and that device has the ability to connect to the internet, the content can potentially be seen by anyone,” said Staff Sgt. Royce MacRae of the Nova Scotia RCMP's tech crime unit. “One way to protect yourself from this type of scam is to avoid accepting friend requests from strangers.”
Read more about:
(Adds comment from plaintiff's lawyer, paragraph 9)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, March 31 A Toronto investment firm that has spent 15 years suing Enron Corp's banks to recoup losses on bonds it bought shortly before the energy company went bankrupt may pursue a lawsuit seeking damages from three of those banks, a U.S. judge ruled on Friday.
Silvercreek Management Inc claimed to suffer heavy losses on more than $100 million of Enron bonds it bought less than two months before Dec. 2, 2001 bankruptcy.
It sought to hold Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, Bank of America Corp's Merrill Lynch unit, and former Enron Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Skilling liable for overseeing many shams and off-balance-sheet transactions that fueled Enron's demise.
In a 43-page decision, U.S. District Judge Paul Oetken in Manhattan said Silvercreek and its affiliates may pursue claims that the banks aided Enron's fraud and conspired to commit fraud.
He cited "specific and wide-ranging" allegations that the banks knew Houston-based Enron was hiding billions of dollars of debt and using sham transactions to bolster its bottom line.
Though Silvercreek's allegations "do not plead a formal, back-room agreement among all defendants and Enron," they are "sufficient to state a conspiracy claim," Oetken wrote.
Some claims were dismissed. The judge said Silvercreek may also pursue a fraud claim against Skilling, citing his alleged knowing and direct involvement in Enron's financial misconduct.
Credit Suisse and Skilling's lawyer Jeffrey Barker declined to comment. Lawyers for Deutsche Bank and Bank of America did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
"Given that the banks' motions to dismiss were largely denied, the clients are pleased with the outcome," Scott Hessell, a lawyer for Silvercreek, said in an email.
Silvercreek's case began in Manhattan, but was moved to a Houston court that handled -- and has completed -- most post-bankruptcy Enron litigation. A panel of federal judges moved it back to Manhattan at Silvercreek's request last June.
Enron once ranked seventh on the Fortune 500 list of large U.S. companies, and its demise was the basis for the 2005 Oscar-nominated documentary "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room."
Several executives went to prison. Skilling is serving a 14-year prison term for fraud and other offenses, and eligible for release in February 2019, federal prison records show.
The case, which originally named Citigroup Inc as a defendant, is Silvercreek Management Inc et al v Citigroup Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 02-08881. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
GUISELEY are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
Guiseley are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
But the Lions' fate remains in their own hands with two matches to go, and boss Adam Lockwood said: “We are disappointed with the loss, but performance-wise I cannot criticise the lads, we gave it everything but we just couldn't get the result we wanted.
“We know how important Bromley on Saturday is and we will be going with the intention of doing the good things from this Tranmere loss.”
Guiseley played at a high tempo and nearly took the lead when James Wesolowski fired wide from just outside the area.
Rovers also went close when from a corner, Andy Cook poked the ball towards goal, but Connor Brown was in the right place to clear it off the line.
The home side took the lead when Derek Asamoah saw his looping 25-yard effort go into the top right-hand corner leaving Scott Davies with no chance.
The second half began with Tranmere on the front foot, they equalised with their first attack when a Jeff Hughes corner found James Norwood who scored with a free header.
The visitors got a second when when Liam Ridehalgh floated the ball into the area, and Cook controlled it well and fired past Jonny Maxted.
Guiseley: Maxted, Brown, Palmer, Lawlor, Williams (Preston 83,) Wesolowsi (Purver 70), Walton, Hurst, Hatfield, Rankine, Asamoah.
Tranmere: Davies; Vaughan, Ridehalgh, McNulty, Ihiekwe, Buxton, Hughes, C Jennings (Dunn 63), Wallace, Cook (Stockton 68), Norwood (Mangan 90).
WILDWOOD, N.J. – Video footage from a camera attached to the uniform of a city police officer involved in the violent arrest of a beachgoer over the Memorial Day weekend reveals what happened in the moments leading up to the confrontation.
File photo of the boardwalk in Wildwood.
Associated Press
The incident Saturday previously made international headlines when smartphone video surfaced showing an officer punching a 20-year-old woman in the head twice during her arrest.
On Wednesday, the Wildwood Police Department released three body-cam video recordings from the arrest with the faces blurred out of those who on the beach who were not involved.
One video shows an officer being forcibly struck in the torso by the woman.
The videos chronicle the interaction between the officers and Emily Weinman of Philadelphia as police questioned her about whether she had consumed alcohol on the beach — subjecting the underage woman to a Breathalyzer test.
“During the initial encounter, the officer can be heard stating that he was just going to have Ms. (Emily) Weinman pour the alcohol out, without issuing any violations and then he terminates the recording,” said Police Chief Robert Regalbuto said in a prepared statement that accompanied the video.
Background: Video shows cop punching woman during beach arrest
The second video is from the officer re-activating his body-worn-camera. During this video, the officer makes a determination to place Weinman under arrest, and upon attempting to do so, is forcibly struck in the torso – about the same location where the body-worn camera is mounted, causing the camera to shut off.
In the third video, the officer is involved in a physical confrontation with Weinman and the camera is re-activated during the struggle, recording the remainder of the encounter.
“This matter is still under investigation, however, in an effort to ensure transparency with the public we serve, it was imperative that this video be released as soon as feasibly possible,” Regalbuto said in the statement. “Upon the conclusion of the investigation in the coming days, and only after final review by the Cape May County Prosecutors Office, the Wildwood Police Department will release the findings and outcome of the investigation.”
911 call: 'Other than her mouth, there's not any weapons' — Police called on 5 black women at Pa. golf club
All of the officers involved in the arrest are Class II Special Law Enforcement Officers – police officers who are traditionally hired for the summer months in Shore towns – and are usually young men and woman who are thinking of or intend to pursue full-time careers in law enforcement.
The officers were identified as Thomas Cannon, John Hillman and Robert Jordan.
The officers involved have been reassigned to administrative duties.
Follow Erik Larsen on Twitter: @Erik_Larsen
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Electric City Bakehouse opened its doors and offered samples of cupcakes during First Friday. JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER People gather outside the Giving Tree Wellness Center as new businesses on the 300 block of Penn Avenue in downtown Scranton open their doors for a sneak peek during First Friday festivities.
A city block undergoing a transformation hosted scores of locals during a monthly downtown art walk Friday, with businesses there offering Tokyo-style noodles, gourmet cupcakes and holistic health.
The 300 block of Penn Avenue has struggled with blight for years. Developer Art Russo's construction crews continue renovations in the area between Linden and Mulberry streets. The block crackled with activity Friday, with several businesses that call the block home celebrating the ongoing revitalization.
Electric City Bakehouse, scheduled to open in November, offered cupcakes to prospective patrons. Sample flavors included vanilla with homemade lemon curd filling and organic freeze-dried raspberry dust, carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate cake with salted caramel and chocolate ganache.
Owner Michelle Cadden-Hayes envisions the specialty bakery including a retail space, a tasting area for brides and grooms, a kids' corner with a modern play kitchen, as well as cocktail hours and cooking lessons at the courtyard out back.
“It's going to be such a great block,” Cadden-Hayes said. “There's so much popping up.”
Across the street, patrons queued up for spicy pulled pork ramen and Korean-fried duck fingers at the Peculiar Culinary Co. food truck, parked outside a building blocked off by plywood that will soon host the Peculiar Slurp Shop, tentatively scheduled to open Jan. 1.
Owner Gene Philbin plans to bring Tokyo-style ramen noodle restaurants that are popular in Philadelphia and New York City to Scranton.
“The closest one is probably in Easton,” he said. “We've done a lot of homework in the Northeast, between Boston, New York and Philly. We just fell in love with it. We fell in love with the culture and the food. We got to the point where we realized we've been working on these recipes for three years now, tweaking them, changing them. I think now it's time to do something with it.”
Philbin said opening a brick-and-mortar location is an exciting step after spending years methodically building up a reputation and clientèle.
Nearby, Old Forge resident Rebekah Schreiber was among patrons waiting for a tarot card reading outside Giving Tree Wellness Center, which offers a range of services, including Reiki treatments, massage therapy and counseling.
Schreiber is a proponent of alternative medicine and thinks the business fills a need in the community.
The West Scranton native is impressed with the turnaround — not only along the 300 block of Penn Avenue but also downtown Scranton in general.
“The way the buildings are, how everything is refurbished, it looks fantastic,” she said.
Also planned for the block is a small restaurant and bar called the 16th Ward. The owners, Dmitry Starikov and his wife, Karen Sznyter, ran Jack's Draft House for eight years. They hope to open in four to five months.
Russo said a breakfast-and-lunch venue is also slated to open next to Peculiar Slurp Shop, and he is looking for a tenant for another commercial space.
“With more apartments downtown, it's becoming easier to rent the retail space,” he said. “A lot of these young people have gone to cities like Boston and Philadelphia and New York, and this is what they're used to. They want to walk out of their apartment and walk across the street to (small businesses). They're used to the boutique atmosphere.”
Contact the writer:
kwind@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100, x5181;
@kwindTT on Twitter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England were beaten by a brilliant bowling performance and sometimes you just have to take your hat off to the opposition and say well played.
You can get angry and upset when your team loses because they haven't turned up or they've thrown a game away.
Not this time.
Pakistan fully deserved their win because they played by far the better cricket and put in the bowling performance of the tournament so far.
They were outstanding and credit where credit is due, they did not allow England to play the sort of cricket they normally like to play.
(Photo: Getty)
I was a little concerned at the fact it was a used pitch for the semi-final, and I thought it was a brave decision by Pakistan to give England first use of it when it might be more difficult to score on later.
But they took their gamble brilliantly thanks to their bowlers, who stepped up when it mattered most on the big occasion.
Junaid Khan is a wonderful bowler, Hassan Ali has been a star of the tournament and Ramman Raees showed no signs of nerves on his debut.
It was an impressive all-round display by them.
(Photo: Rex Features)
Nine times out of ten, I still think this England side would win the game.
But this was the one that Pakistan got right and there should be no shame in losing to the better team on the day.
England have thrashed plenty of teams recently and they will continue to get better, but this was a game that got away from them and serves as a reminder that in knockout cricket you've got to find a way by hook or by crook.
Sri Lanka vs India 2017: Five things India did right to smash Sri Lanka in third Test
India annihilated Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third Test at Pallekele.
@neelabhrar by Neelabhra Roy Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 22:23 IST
India whitewashed Sri Lanka 3-0
India registered their 5th series whitewash in Test cricket (3 Tests or more), defeating Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third Test at Pallekele a thus recording their second successive innings victory. It was also India's first series whitewash abroad (3 Tests or more) and only the second time that India won three Tests in a Test series overseas, the previous such instance coming nearly half a century back in 1968 when India defeated New Zealand 3-1.
A brilliant opening stand from Shikhar Dhawan and KL Rahul followed by Hardik Pandya's blistering 108 helped India to 487. In reply, Sri Lanka could only score 135 thanks to Kuldeep Yadav's spell of 4/40. In the second innings, brilliant bowling by Ravichandran Ashwin and Mohammed Shami helped India dismiss the hosts for only 181, thus winning the match and clean-sweeping the series.
With India ending the Test series in remarkable style, let's take a look at five things that India did right in the final Test.
#5 Mohammed Shami's bowling
Shami bowled pretty well throughout the match
The Indian bowlers did a terrific job throughout the match. Amongst the pacers, one person who really stood out was Mohammed Shami. With the ball, Shami took two wickets in the first innings, that of Dimuth Karunaratne and Upul Tharanga. The pacer's performance in the second innings was more commendable as he picked up three wickets for 32 runs.
His first scalp was night-watchman Malinda Pushpakumara following which he dismissed Kusal Mendis with a full delivery towards the leg stump which hit Mendis on the pads. Shami's third scalp was Lakshan Sandakan who nicked a length delivery straight to Wriddhiman Saha.
SOCHI, Russia — Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanour of his team's star.
"Winning or losing is part of the game," Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. "But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others."
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar — without mentioning his name — after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
"We wasted a lot of time because of one single player," Osorio said. "I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade."
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. He said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because he has been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but he continued to be loudly criticized internationally for his antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, he said.
"I don't care much for criticism," Neymar said after the Mexico match. "Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win."
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
DAYTONA, Fla. — Shawntrez Davis scored 22 points with 14 rebounds and Soufiyane Diakite added a double-double and Bethune-Cookman beat Coppin State 80-60 on Saturday.
Diakite scored 10 points and grabbed 15 boards, and with the Wildcats up 17-11, his dunk 12:40 before intermission started a 13-5 run that included a pair of 3-pointers by Armani Collins and another from Houston Smith for a 14-point lead three minutes later. Coppin State responded with a 14-3 run to reduce its deficit to 36-31, but the Wildcats got a pair of 3s from Isaiah Bailey and Davis to close the half with a 42-31 lead.
Keandre Fair's jumper after intermission marked the last time the Eagles got within double figures. Bailey scored eight straight with a pair of 3s and two free throws, Collins followed with a 3 and Bailey's dunk with 12:42 left made the margin 60-38.
Davis also scored 22 points and Bethune-Cookman (12-11, 6-2 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) made 14 of 29 from 3-point range and had a 42-26 rebounding advantage. Collins scored 12.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These sickening photos reveal the full horror inside a filthy takeaway where a dead mouse was found rotting and droppings lay close to kitchen equipment.
The disgusting conditions at Fab 4 Pizza in Liverpool were uncovered after an anonymous tipster alerted Environmental Health Officers about a mouse infestation last year.
Staff had been informed mice had been seen in the shop but did not seem to be interested, a court heard.
Mice infesting the takeaway were so used to the eating the fatty food left on the floor they did not respond to usual bait, prompting officers to use a lard-based alternative, prosecutors said.
The tip-off led to an unannounced inspection on March 18 last year which unveiled a catalogue of shocking problems - including mice droppings near a kebab shaver, on floor surfaces, near a microwave, fridges and freezers and on work surfaces.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
x
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Inspectors also found a rotting mouse corpse, Bread being stored on the faeces-covered floor, grease on surfaces and around equipment and boxes of raw burgers stored directly above open boxes of ready to eat lettuce.
Owner Sadik Cicek, 47, was today ordered to pay £5,140 in fines and costs by a judge at Liverpool Magistrates' Court, reports the Liverpool Echo .
Cicek, of Leeseps Road in Toxteth , had pleaded guilty to eight breaches of food safety laws relating to lack of cleanliness, failure to control pests and the lack of a food safety management system.
Catherine Ellis, prosecuting on behalf of Liverpool City Council, told the court an inspection in 2015 revealed a lack of cleanliness and the fact there was no separate basin for food handlers to wash their hands.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
She told the court: “On March 7, 2016, the council received an anonymous complaint indicating that mice had been seen in the shop and that staff had been informed but did not seem to be interested.
“The complainant also felt the premises was dirty as though they had not been cleaned in a while.”
Mr Cicek agreed to close immediately to carry out cleaning and rectify the problems.
But a second unannounced inspection, on July 28, 2016, revealed that problems were still rife in Fab 4 Pizza.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
Ms Ellis told the court: “Staff appearing to be working in the kitchen area were not appropriately dressed, and were simply wearing ordinary clothing with no covering for clothing or hair. There was a risk of contamination.”
Cicek this time refused to close voluntarily, forcing the council to obtain an emergency prohibition order from the courts.
The takeaway was allowed to re-open with the lowest zero-star hygiene rating on August 4, but still the risk to public health was not dealt with.
Ms Ellis said the council launched another inspection on February 23 this year, which revealed a lack of cleanliness and mouse droppings.
But kebab meat and fried chicken were also found to be too low a temperature and still no food safety management system had been put in place.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
The court heard Cicek was interviewed under caution and claimed the premises were clean enough, and even tried to argue that pictures of mouse droppings were not in fact droppings.
Christopher Rowe, defending, said despite these claims his client cooperated with the investigation and had attempted to comply with the requirements.
He said: “He says he never had any complaints about the food. It is a requirement of law to have a proper system in place, notwithstanding this on his evidence there was never anything that happened, or any issue.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
He said Cicek had made a continuous loss on the business despite owning it for seven years, and had to be subsidised by loans from friends and family in Turkey.
District judge Wendy Lloyd, sentencing, said: “Mr Cicek failed to accept that the premises were still inadequate or unclean.
He claimed that he was cleaning the premises every day. However the photographs reveal that if he was cleaning, his attempts simply were not thorough enough.”
Cicek was fined £2,640, ordered to pay £2,500 in prosecution costs and a £30 victim surcharge.
Significant worldwide demand for tickets is expected ahead of this summer's FIFA 2018 World Cup finals in Russia.
And whenever there are hugely popular tickets on sale, the people looking to make a quick buck from fans are never far behind.
Also in crime: Yorkshire police force issues telephone scam warning - and tells residents how to avoid becoming a victim
Action Fraud has already been alerted to several websites which are offering World Cup Tickets for sale, some at highly inflated prices.
And organisers are warning that only tickets bought from official sites will guarantee access.
What has FIFA said about illegal ticket sales?
A spokesman said: “FIFA regards the illicit sale and distribution of tickets as a very serious issue and it has been reminding all football fans that FIFA.com/tickets is the only official and legitimate website on which to buy 2018 FIFA World Cup tickets.
“FIFA has received various complaints and enquiries by customers of non-authorised ticket sales platforms, and has consistently confirmed that these companies cannot guarantee access to the stadiums as the respective tickets may be cancelled. Insofar customers are at risk of investing a high amount of money (also for travelling and accommodation) without having the certainty to actually be able to attend the matches.”
FIFA has also warned that “any tickets obtained from any other source, such as ticket brokers, internet auctions or unofficial ticket exchange platforms, will be automatically rendered void and invalid”.
Also in crime: Police warning after Yorkshire man receives call from wife's phone number about 'horrible car accident'
"It's crucial to make basic checks"
Action Fraud received more than 600 reports and intelligence submissions in relation to the last World Cup.
It says it is vital that football fans exercise caution when considering a purchase or making a transaction.
Pauline Smith, director of Action Fraud said: “The number of reports made to Action Fraud following the 2014 World Cup show that fraudsters will try every trick in the book to take advantage of people at what should be an exciting time and event.
“It is crucial that you take some time to follow some basic checks designed to protect you from falling victim to fraud.
“If you think you have been a victim of fraud, report it to Action Fraud.”
Also in crime: Hermes email scam that could track everything you type into your computer
What is Action Fraud's advice?
Don't take the risk. Tickets for the World Cup 2018 can only be purchased directly from FIFA.
A FAN ID is required for fans to be able to enter the 2018 FIFA World Cup stadiums. Exercise caution if using a third party to obtain your FAN ID for you. You may be charged inflated costs for the service and your personal details may be compromised.
For useful advice and information on the World Cup please visit the Government Guidance Pages.
What should you do if you have information about a scam?
If you have been affected by this, or any other type of fraud, report it to Action Fraud by visiting the website or by calling 0300 123 2040. In an emergency dial 999.
If you have any information regarding those responsible for such crimes, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Brother Of Florida Shooter Arrested For Trespassing At Stoneman Douglas High
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
The brother of the suspect in the killings of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., was arrested Monday for trespassing at the same site.
According to a police report quoted by the Miami Herald, "Defendant Cruz stated that he unlawfully entered the school property to 'reflect on the shooting and to soak it in ..."
Zachary Cruz, 18, had been warned to stay away from the campus, the Herald reported. The police report said that Cruz was spotted on campus at about 4:30 p.m. after the school day was over and students had been dismissed.
"Defendant Cruz surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds," a deputy wrote in his arrest report.
Zachary Cruz's arrest comes just about a month after his brother, Nikolas Cruz, 19, allegedly shot and killed 14 students and 3 staff members at the Parkland school. He could face the death penalty.
The Sun Sentinel reports that Zachary has been living with a family friend since his mother, Lynda Cruz, died in November 2017.
The Sun Sentinel added that Zachary had admitted to Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies that he and his friends had bullied his brother, Nikolas, when they were younger.
HOUSTON - Dallas Keuchel has only allowed 16 hits to left-handed hitters this season.
That's the overriding reason Red Sox manager John Farrell opted to sit left-handed hitters Rafael Devers and Mitch Moreland on Friday in Game 2 of the American League Division Series in favor of Deven Marrero and Chris Young.
Though Devers has hit .400 with a 1.074 OPS in 57 plate appearances against lefties this season, Farrell opted for Marrero, who's hit .291 with a .944 OPS in 61 plate appearances this season against lefties.
"The one thing that Keuchel poses against left-handers is the ability to sink the ball in and then sweep a breaking ball away," Farrell said. "So everything is fighting downward. He's got the ability to force guys to turn on balls even though they may be pulled foul, then expose away. I just think he's obviously handled left-handers much more effectively than right handers."
It's a risky move, but one Farrell was willing to take. The Red Sox manager also explained he preferred Marrero's defense at third witH Drew Marrero on the mound.
"The addition of Drew on the mound today with the potential of more balls hit on the ground on the pull side. Wanted his bat, his glove at the position," Farrell said.
Meanwhile, Farrell slotted Young in as designated hitter. Young has hit .200 with a .590 OPS in 116 plate appearances against lefties this season, but has handled Keuchel well in his career. In 27 career plate appearances against Keuchel, Young is 7-for-23 with two doubles, a triple and two walks.
"Chris Young, the way he has 25 at-bats against Keuchel previously," Farrell said. "The comfortably of hitting in this ballpark. All things combined. Again, the overriding thing is just how well he has handled left-handed hitting this season."
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. She can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
Yellen (Photo: Susan Walsh / AP)
Washington — Credit card holders will soon pay more. So will people with adjustable-rate mortgages or home equity lines of credit.
But most would-be home buyers needn't worry. And auto loan rates won't likely change much. For savers? Rates should creep up, at least for the highest-yielding CDs and saving accounts, though on average they'll still pay a pittance.
The cumulative impact of another Federal Reserve interest rate hike — its fourth in 18 months — will range widely for individuals and businesses with loans or income-producing accounts.
When the Fed lifts the short-term rate it controls by one-quarter of a percentage point, as it did Wednesday, it typically translates into a quarter-point rate increase for credit card debt and home equity lines, as well as for some adjustable mortgages.
Fed policymakers have raised their benchmark rate to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent and indicated that they foresee one additional hike this year, assuming that the economy remains on solid footing.
For someone with a $5,000 credit card balance who makes a minimum payment each month, the Fed's four rate increases since December 2015 equal an additional $700 in payments over the life of the loan, according to Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com.
“That's where consumers are feeling it and are going to continue to feel it,” McBride said.
But home and auto loan rates are another story: Despite the Fed's moves, they've barely budged since December 2015, when the central bank announced its first increase after seven years of near-zero rates.
Here are some questions and answers on what the Fed's moves could mean for consumers, businesses, investors and the economy:
Q. Why haven't mortgage rates increased?
A. Because fixed-rate mortgage rates don't typically follow the Fed's changes. Sometimes they even move in the opposite direction. So it doesn't necessarily make sense to rush into buying a home or refinancing a mortgage. The hike often won't translate into higher mortgage rates.
Fixed long-term mortgages tend to track the rate on the 10-year Treasury, which, in turn, is influenced by such factors as investors' expectations of future inflation to global demand for U.S. Treasurys.
In December 2015, a week before the first increase, the average 30-year fixed mortgage rate was 4.06 percent, according to Bankrate.com. It actually fell for most of 2016, then jumped later in the year and peaked at 4.44 percent in mid-March this year.
But since then, long-term mortgage rates have declined and are back to almost exactly where they began: The 30-year averaged 4.04 percent last week.
Even the increase that began in late 2016 had little to do with the Fed. Rather, investors dumped Treasurys and bought stocks in anticipation of faster growth and higher inflation after Donald Trump's election. Better growth overseas also raised optimism.
But as Trump's tax and infrastructure spending proposals have stalled, investors' outlooks have dimmed. Demand for the 10-year Treasury has risen, and so its yield has dropped, reducing mortgage rates with it.
Other factors can also keep rates low. When global investors grow nervous, they often pour money into Treasurys because they're seen as ultra-safe. That buying pressure holds down Treasury rates.
Q. So where will home loan rates go from here?
A. Hard to tell. The Fed expects to lift its benchmark rate one more time this year and three times in 2018. Eventually, those increases should put upward pressure on mortgage rates, but it's impossible to say when.
Mortgage rates are still very low by historical standards. Before the Great Recession, the 30-year rate had never dipped below 5 percent.
Q. How could the Fed's actions affect other countries around the world?
A. Higher rates in the United States tend to attract more investment from overseas. The European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are still keeping their benchmark rates near zero to try to stimulate those economies. So investors can earn more by investing in dollar-denominated assets.
That inflow pushes up the value of the dollar, which can make U.S. exports costlier overseas. It can also pull money out of developing countries, where rates are usually higher but government bonds carry more risk. A flow of funds out of developing nations can lower their currencies relative to the dollar, making it harder for businesses in those nations to repay debts they have incurred in dollars.
Q. My credit rating isn't so great. How will I be affected?
A. Doug Amis, a certified financial planner in Cary, North Carolina, says consumers with less-than-sterling credit can expect to pay more, especially when financing the purchase of a used car. “There's going to be an opportunity to increase those rates higher,” Amis said. “So if you have poor credit, this is going to impact you.”
Still, even with another rate hike, the impact on consumers and businesses is likely to remain mild, as rates remain very low, relative to years ago, Amis noted.
Q. Have the Fed's moves boosted the puny rates available for savers?
A. In a few cases, yes. McBride says some smaller banks are starting to offer higher rates on CDs and savings accounts than larger banks are. The huge national banks already have “more deposits than they know what to do with,” McBride said, so haven't lifted their rates at all.
As a result, the disparity between the smaller local banks and nationwide institutions is widening, he said: “Exploit that difference. It's money in your pocket.”
So far, the average rate on a one-year CD has barely risen since the Fed's rate hikes began, inching up from 0.27 percent in December 2015 to 0.35 percent now, according to Bankrate.com. But the highest-yielding CDs have risen from 1.35 percent to 1.5 percent.
Q. What if I'm a retiree invested in bonds?
A. Amis says he tells his fixed-income clients not to stress out over another rate hike.
“This is part of investing in fixed income, and it's not a signal to jump ship and go into dividend-paying equities,” he said. “I would recommend they stay the course and earn the coupon.”
Since rates began rising again, Amis has been advising retirees and others with fixed-income investments like bonds to ensure that their portfolios are balanced between very short-term and long-term bonds. Longer-term bonds typically pay higher rates, and as rates rise, the short-term securities will be replaced with higher-yielding ones.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnCkso
When tennis players are on the court they are, for all intents and purposes, alone. In most sports, there is a coach guiding the player in some form or another in the middle of competition. Tennis should allow in-match coaching in all of its tournaments because getting the best out each athlete is paramount. However, one of the draws of the sport is whatever happens on the court is a product of the competitor's brilliance and fortitude alone, not any coach. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
On-court coaching would be great for tennis. Coaches bring the best of out of a player, and if fans get the best of each player, there will be more exciting matches.
The athletes show emotion on the court, but fans don't really get a true sense of their personality. If coaching were allowed on court, we could really see how fiery these competitors are on the court. Are they silent? Are they angry? Do they crack jokes in tight spots? All things fans would find out in the heat of battle.
The Positives of On-Court Coaching in Tennis
Some top talent like Novak Djokovic would be open to on-court coaching:
I mean, we're probably one of the only, maybe only global sport that doesn't use coaching during the play. Even golf, individual sport, you have caddies that you communicate with throughout the entire course. So why not here as well?
Why Djokovic is in favor of a rule change that would revolutionize tennis
Solitude is one of the best aspects of tennis. Players are all alone on the court. There is no safety net. There is only you and your opponent giving it everything you got for a victory. In-match coaching would add an unnecessary element that would eliminate that solitude, and put some matches in the hands of coaches rather than the players. When there is a result in tennis, there is no doubt the victory or defeat can all be accredited to the player. Add in on-court coaching, and now fans don't know who to credit. On-court coaching would be more trouble than it's worth.
On-court coaching disrupts the sport's core values
When the one of the greatest players ever speaks, people should listen:
You can look over to your coach for comfort and support, but other than that, I think tennis should be one of those unique sports where you don't get coaching.
Roger Federer says 'No' to on-court coaches
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
Oh, Hollywood Foreign Press Association, you always know how to get people talking. Nominations for the 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday, and as per yoosh, we've got our crop of well-deserved, expected nominees; well-deserved, unexpected nominees; some expected, but still painful snubs; and some total WTFness. Here are the biggest snubs and surprises.
Snubs
Veep: We've said it before and we'll say it again: The Golden Globes just don't like Veep. The three-time Emmy comedy series champ didn't even get its first comedy series nomination at the Globes until two years ago. But leading lady Julia Louis-Dreyfus had always been nominated — until now. The HFPA dropped her and the show, meaning JLD will only have one more shot to win the only trophy that's missing from her collection for playing Selina Meyer.
3/4 of Will & Grace: Will & Grace has a weird history with the Globes. During its original run, the series nabbed 27 nominations — but zero wins. So things could've gone either way Monday morning. The show got into comedy series, but only one of the quartet, Eric McCormack, received an acting nod, which is kinda awesome; Will is the straight man (no pun intended) of the group and it's nice to see his more understated work get the spotlight over the other broader, but still great, performances.
James Franco: Franco was a stone-cold lock on the film side for The Disaster Artist, which may be why the HFPA felt OK snubbing him on the TV side for The Deuce (Maggie Gyllenhaal got in). The Globes used to hand out multiple nods like candy but have curbed that habit in recent years, perhaps due to SO MUCH TV these days, and their desires to hit as many people/networks as possible. Last year, Viola Davis and Taraji P. Henson were nominated for their films, Fences and Hidden Figures, respectively, and were snubbed for their TV shows, How to Get Away with Murder and Empire, for which they were previously nominated.
The CW: The HFPA's love affair with CW leading ladies is over for now. Past champs Jane the Virgin's Gina Rodriguez, who received three straight nods, and Crazy Ex-Girlfriend's Rachel Bloom, who earned two nods, were both dropped this year. It's not that surprising since many expected one or both to lose their slot(s) last year. Now if only the Emmys will recognize them.
Tracee Ellis Ross: Not counting Atlanta, Donald Glover, and Goliath's Billy Bob Thornton, who weren't eligible, Ross was the only defending champ from an ongoing series not to return this year, while Black-ish and her co-star Anthony Anderson, both made the cut. The HFPA has no problem dropping you cold turkey after you win; it's like them saying, "OK, we gave it to you, now we need to make room for someone else." In recent years, the HFPA dumped Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Andy Samberg, and The Affair and Ruth Wilson the year after they won.
The Good Place: Since the HFPA loves shiny new toys, it's harder for older shows to break in for the first time. The Good Place's best shot was for Ted Danson, but the best show on TV sadly walked away empty-handed. Adding insult to injury, Kristen Bell co-announced the nominations.
Twin Peaks: Kyle MacLachlan scored a nod, but Twin Peaks — which won drama series 26 years ago — was blanked. Maybe the HFPA were voting for it as a movie? (Too soon. It's not a movie, guys. Let's not do this.)
The Leftovers: The HFPA has never nominated The Leftovers before, so this is not shocking, but that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus Photo: HBO
Surprises
SMILF: SMILF's double nods for comedy series and star Frankie Shaw combines three of the Globes' favorite things: a new series, a work from an auteur (see: Atlanta and Donald Glover; Girls and Lena Dunham) and a little-seen show most viewers probably have never heard of (see: Mozart in the Jungle, Goliath, Boss).
Christian Slater: The Mr. Robot star is the waving flag for his show. Slater and the series won two years ago, and he was nominated last year alongside Rami Malek while the show was dumped, and now he's the only nomination repping Mr. Robot. It's all the more impressive since he's in the super-tough catch-all TV supporting race that combines all genres.
Kevin Bacon: A past Globe champ, Bacon received a nod for his comedy I Love Dick, supplying the Globes with the star power the HFPA loves and reinforcing the group's love of Amazon (Mozart in the Jungle, Transparent and Goliath have all won at least one Globe in the past few years). Less shocking were nods for fellow Amazon series The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and its leading lady Rachel Brosnahan, whose charming ways, as we noted, are right up the HFPA's alley.
Katherine Langford: The 13 Reasons Why star made the shortlist for drama actress — and she could give favorite Elisabeth Moss (The Handmaid's Tale) a run for her money. The Globes adore an ingénue and Langford could definitely pull off a win a la Claire Danes in My So-Called Life.
Pamela Adlon: Fresh off a surprise Emmy nomination, Adlon managed to nab a well-deserved comedy actress Globe nod for Better Things. Unlike fellow newbies Shaw and Brosnahan, however, her show did not make the comedy series cut, which might hurt her for the win.
David Harbour: Harbour's nod isn't a complete surprise — he was Emmy-nominated after all — but it is surprising he is the sole actor representing Stranger Things, meaning the Globes resisted buzzier options in Millie Bobby Brown — who wasn't nominated last year — or a repeat nod for Winona Ryder.
The drama series lineup: For a group that pounces on fresh meat, the shortlist of five remains largely unchanged from last year, with only The Handmaid's Tale subbing in for ineligible Westworld. (Last year, four of the five drama series nominees were freshmen shows.) The Crown retaining its slot makes it the first drama series defending champ since Homeland five years ago to be nominated the year after it won (of the previous misses, only Breaking Bad was ineligible to return since it ended).
The 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards air Sunday, Jan. 7 at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT on NBC.
An autonomous Uber test SUV driving in Tempe, Arizona was involved in a fatal collision last night, and the Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time the accident occurred, according to Tempe Police (via Daisuke Wakabayashi).
The Uber SUV was driving northbound, and a woman crossed in its path outside of a crosswalk, at which point she was struck by the vehicle. She was later taken to hospital, as first reported by local Arizona ABC news affiliate ABC 15, where she died as a result of her injuries.
As is required for Uber's autonomous test vehicles operating on public roads, the AV had a safety driver at the wheel. Safety drivers are in place in order to be able to take control of the autonomous test vehicle in case the self-driving system should fail or appear to be at risk of endangering others on the road. No other passengers were in the vehicle at the time of this accident.
Uber has paused all of its AV testing operations as a result of this accident, across all cities where it operates, including Pittsburgh, Toronto, San Francisco and Phoenix.
Uber provided the following statement regarding the incident to TechCrunch:
Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.
This is the first time an autonomous vehicle operating in self-driving mode has resulted in a human death, and that has huge implications for the future of AVs and their use on roads. It's possible the safety driver involved could be held legally responsible, as their role is to ensure safe operation of the vehicle, but in many ways the outcome of this incident will define the path forward for AV regulation.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed sympathy for the victim's family on Twitter, and reiterated that Uber is working with local authorities to determine what exactly occurred.
MIAMI — Anthony Walker plays in the NFL. He spent the last month in the NBA.
The Indianapolis Colts linebacker started his off-season by spending four weeks as an intern with the Miami Heat, getting a crash course on how the basketball team from his hometown handles things from a business operations standpoint. The Heat exposed Walker to plenty, including how game nights work and the execution of off-site events.
"For me, it's about trying to get the other side of sports," Walker said . "Football's going to end for me at some point. I want to be able to use the networks I have now to help me in the future for when I do need to find something else to do with my life. And you never know when that's going to come."
The internship ended Friday. Walker is planning to be back in Indianapolis, ready to resume full-time football life in a few days.
He hopes football doesn't end anytime soon. Walker just completed his rookie season with the Colts, appearing in 10 games — two starts — and making 22 tackles.
But Walker, 22, is also thinking about his future. That's why he asked Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn for a favour.
Quinn was briefly an assistant coach at Northwestern, where Walker — who studied business management with a focus on sports, as well as marketing — played his college football. Quinn knew of Walker's reputation from their simultaneous time with the Wildcats, and didn't hesitate when asked to help broker something for him to do with the Heat.
"I knew he was a high-quality kid," Quinn said. "Anyone in his position, a current NFL player, to reach out and request an opportunity, that means he's very driven and about the right kind of stuff. So I had no problem trying to help him in any way I could."
Quinn passed Walker's name up the Heat chain, and the internship deal was struck. Walker knows the experience will help him in his next career, but also sees ways it will make him better as a player.
"You see all the aspects of the game and all the outside stuff that we don't get to see as athletes," Walker said. "We think we do our job and everything else just falls in place. But there's a lot that goes into those other jobs, marketing, the equipment guys, all that stuff. You can't take any of that for granted."
PM Modi had made a commitment to President Xi to allow Bank of China to set up branches in India when they met on the sidelines of the SCO summit last month. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India has issued licence to Bank of China to launch operations in India, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had made a commitment to Chinese President Xi Jinping to allow Bank of China to set up branches in India when they met on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in Chinese city of Qingdao last month.
“The RBI has issued licence to Bank of China to set up its first branch in India. It was a commitment made by the prime minister to the President of China,” said a source.
Bank of China is one of the very few state-owned commercial banks in China. India and China have been focusing on expanding their economic ties notwithstanding differences on several sticky issues including on the boundary dispute.
After last year's Doklam standoff, both the countries have stepped up dialogue at various levels to reset the ties.
Meanwhile, the sources said Chinese defence minister Wei Fenghe is scheduled to visit India soon and both sides are in the process of finalising the dates.
A cyber alert issued by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) warned against a malicious attack known as "Hidden Cobra" from locations within the People's Democratic Republic of Korea (DPRK).
© AP Photo/ Mark Schiefelbein Experts Warn of Second Round of Cyberattacks Following Friday's Massive Hack
The Hidden Cobra malware is associated with two better-known purveyors of malicious online activity — Lazarus Group and Guardians of the Peace — which private sector experts have linked to cyberattacks including the 2014 Sony hack, according to Reuters.
The FBI and the DHS detailed that internet protocol (IP) addresses previously associated with malware referred to as "DeltaCharlie," a software tool known to have been used by Pyongyang to run distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) botnet attacks, were associated with Hidden Cobra, according to the alert cited by Korea Times.
"If users or administrators detect the custom tools indicative of HIDDEN COBRA, these tools should be immediately flagged, reported to the DHS National Cybersecurity Communications and Integration Center (NCCIC) or the FBI Cyber Watch (CyWatch), and given the highest priority for enhanced mitigation," the alert said, according to Korea Times.
Cybersecurity experts have begun ringing alarm bells, noting a sharp uptick in malicious online activities from the DPRK.
A cybersecurity analyst with the private company FireEye stated that his firm was on alert due to Pyongyang's increasingly aggressive cyberattacks, including attempted hacks on South Korean finance, energy and transportation networks that give the impression of advance reconnaissance presaging a major attack.
The increased activity from the DPRK "suggests they are preparing for something fairly significant," the analyst said, cited by Japan Times.
Also included in the rare US cyber alert are detailed explanations including indicators of compromise (IOCs), descriptions of the malware, key network signatures to be flagged, and "host-based" rules to assist cyber commandos in identifying, containing and destroying malicious network activities, according to Yonhap.
Cyber experts announced last month that Lazarus was thought to be behind the WannaCry ransomware attack that infected more than 300,000 Windows computers around the globe, describing the connection as "highly likely," according to Reuters.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Matt Kalil scored one of the biggest contracts among free agents during the 2017 offseason when he signed a five-year, $55 million deal with the Carolina Panthers as they looked to shore up their offensive line.
The hope was tha pairing him with his brother, Ryan, would spark Matt after a disappointing tenure with the Minnesota Vikings. Alas, his struggles have followed him to Charlotte.
According to Spotrac, Matt Kalil ranks 29th among eligible left tackles in terms of his value relative to the average annual value of his contract, which is the lowest spot among those ranked.
Here's how Spotrac creates the player's value ranking:
An up-to-date look at the value rankings of all active NFL players based on a mathematical comparison of their current average salary against their cumulative “production points”. These points are made up of major statistical categories relevant to that player's position. From there, we generate a z-score for each player among their position, to rank them with a “value”. This True Value rating is what you see below. By default players must have played in 60% of available snaps in order to qualify.
The top five left tackles on the list are Tennessee's Taylor Lewan (99.46), Atlanta's Jake Matthews (94.70), Denver rookie Garrett Bolles (91.19), Pittsburgh's Alejandro Villanueva (86.21) and San Francisco's Joe Staley (85.70).
The only other NFC South left tackle on the list is Donovan Smith of the Buccaneers, whose 54.68 ranks 13th.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Panthers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Police are appealing for witnesses after a car failed to stop following a collision with a pedestrian in the centre of Richmond, in the early hours of New Year's Day.
A 20-year-old woman was walking on the cobbles across the Market Place at around 1.30am when a car collided with her at low speed, police said. She was knocked to the ground, but not seriously injured.
The vehicle involved is believed to have been a white, 66-plate BMW. It is believed to have left the Market Place and down King Street, before passing Wetherspoons pub and turning right onto Dundas Street.
Anyone with information is asked to call 101.
Luton Town Ladies racked up a stunning 17 goals as they started their defence of the Beds County Cup by thumping local side Woburn & Wavendon Ladies on Sunday.
Manager Nikki Baker made changes, as young goalkeeper Amy Martin came in for her first team debut in what was an attacking 3-4-3 formation.
It didn't take long for the goals to flow as on four minutes, Kim Farrow scored from close range after the keeper had saved Tash Fensome's shot, while Steph Gale soon doubled the lead.
The third arrived on 17 minutes when Lisa Nixon's superb cross was converted by Fensome and then Henman netted from Zara Carroll's assist .
The Hatters then went on a rampage netting another three in four minutes.
Firstly Henman headed home Carroll's corner, before Farrow finished well and Henman found Jess McKay to add Town's seventh.
Carroll's free kick went in and Fensome found the bottom corner from a Rachel Kosky cross as Luton led 9-0 at the break.
In the second half, the hosts carried on where they left off, Fensome completing her hat-trick from Kosky's cross to take the score into double figures.
On the hour mark, Dionne Manning smashed her shot against the bar and Fensome netted her fourth from the rebound, while she was on target once more, with Kosky smashing it into the top corner for 13-0.
After 75 minutes, Manning finished well, while Nixon got on the scoresheet, after some great one touch football between Fensome, Manning and Henman.
With eight minutes left, Henman completed her treble with a bullet header from Lucy Webster's cross.
Then in the dying seconds Manning added her second of the game, tapping home from McKay's shot to finally complete the scoring.
Baker said “We played very well and kept the tempo up throughout. It was a really professional performance and to score 17 you can't complain. I hope we can take some of that goal scoring form into the league now!”
Personnel stationed at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, take tests during a “DSST/CLEP-a-thon,” Feb. 11, 2017. The CLEP-a-thon was a testing marathon during which service members took DANTES Subject Standardized Test exams and College Level Examination Program tests. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:49 Photo ID: 3166557 VIRIN: 170213-F-SB162-0005 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 15.54 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Saving time, money: Education center holds DSST/CLEP-a-thon [Image 1 of 3], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
(123rf)
Six in 10 Korean venture businesses fail within the first three years, according to a report Wednesday.In a report titled “2nd-round Startup Ecosystem in Numbers,” the Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry said the number of venture companies in Korea had risen to over 30,000 due to continuous deregulation over the past decade.For example, the process for creating a startup business was reduced from 12 steps to two steps, speeding up the process from 22 to four days.However, a lack of an investment ecosystem and difficulty in finding markets led to 62 percent of these businesses closing down within three years, the report said.Of the 26 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries analyzed in the report, Korea came in 25th in terms of the three-year survival of startups.Difficulties in finding long-term investment or markets for their products or services were cited as major hurdles for the venture companies. According to data cited by the Korean Startup Ecosystem Forum, startups were funded more often in their early stages (years one to three) than in the later stages (past three years), as of 2015.“With 80 percent of corporations shutting down within 10 years, it is difficult to find investors who are willing to look 13 years ahead,” the KCCI report said. In Korea, it takes a venture business an average of 13 years to be listed on the tech-heavy Kosdaq, compared to an average of 6.7 years for an American startup to be listed on Nasdaq.The country's pool of angel investors -- wealthy individuals who provide capital to venture companies -- is also small, standing at about 83.4 billion won ($73 million) in 2014, just 0.3 percent of angel investments in the US.According to the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor for 2016, Korea has above-average government programs to help venture companies get off the ground, but the Korean entrepreneurial ecosystem has insufficient sources of entrepreneurial finance, entrepreneurial education and commercial and legal infrastructure.By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com)
The First Purge
Nya (Lex Scott Davis) and Isaiah (Joivan Wade) hide from purgers in The First Purge. ( ANNETTE BROWN / UNIVERSAL PICTURES )
Starring Y'lan Noel, Lex Scott Davis, Jovian Wade, Marisa Tomei, Rotimi Paul and Patch Darragh. Directed by Gerard McMurray. Now playing at major GTA theatres. 97 minutes. 18A The sledgehammer cinema known as the Purge franchise has never been about great moviemaking, but it strangely has become more socially current than anybody could have imagined. The “societal catharsis” of a White House-sanctioned night of murder, rape and mayhem across America seemed like wild dystopian fiction five years ago, when The Purge became a surprise summer hit during the administration of President Barack Obama.
Article Continued Below
Now comes The First Purge, the fourth film in the series and the first under the presidential thumb of Donald Trump, a man who brags of committing sexual assault, who advocates beating protesters at his pep rallies and who is evidently dedicated to overturning all social norms, just for the hell of it. Suddenly, fictional horror feels like factual news. The First Purge unsubtly doubles down on it with visual inference to Trump's “p---y grabbing” boast (Trump is never mentioned by name) and via newsreel re-enactments of recent U.S. domestic turmoil, including a murderous white supremacy rally in Charlottesville, Va. Directed by Gerard McMurray (Netflix's Burning Sands), working a script by franchise creator James DeMonaco, and released on America's July 4 national holiday, this seriously bloody movie shows how something as insane as a Purge might actually go down. It begins as a 12-hour “experiment” on New York's Staten Island, authorized by the ruling patriarchy known as the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA). It's a long night of lawlessness designed to test a theory by a leading behavioural scientist, played by Marisa Tomei, who believes in the cleansing effect of a great rage — something like the “Two Minutes Hate” of George Orwell's dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four, an obvious influence. The NFFA has zeroed in on a low-income housing project on Staten Island, where the residents are mainly Black and brown. The government cynically assumes that poor people of colour are more likely to riot than are affluent white ones and, to encourage them to stick around and attack each other, they're offered cash bribes that begin at $5,000 and incrementally increase accordingly to the risks participants take and violent acts they commit. Such appalling social engineering sparks a pushback movement, led by spirited community activist Nya (Lex Scott Davis), for whom the Purge is very much a personal affront. It's happening right in her neighbourhood, and involves many of her family and friends.
These include her brother Isaiah (Jovian Wade), who is easily influenced and nursing a grudge against a psychotic bully called Skeletor (Rotimi Paul); and Nya's ex-boyfriend Dmitri (Y'lan Noel), who leads a crew of drug dealers who want to protect their turf and who are suspicious of random amateur violence, as opposed to the efficient professional kind they administer. Dmitri emerges as an unlikely hero of the piece, stripped down to a muscle-popping Rambo vest and laden with weaponry as he defends his island home. It soon becomes apparent the NFFA is upping the ante by sending in waves of mercenaries dressed in blackface masks and KKK hoods to incite the locals, who appear reluctant to run amok. The feds also make Purge participants wear video cams disguised as contact lenses, which give eyes an eerie blue glow.
Article Continued Below
(One of the few completely credible scenes in the film is the sight of ordinary people staging a giant block party in the early hours of the Purge, using their new freedom to have fun rather than to kill each other, much to the dismay of a government stooge played by Patch Darragh.) The First Purge may be the most believable film of the four, despite encroaching franchise fatigue, sketchily drawn characters and numerous instances of the idiotic horror film trope of people wandering alone into deadly circumstances. It's no longer hard to conceive, if it ever was, of a U.S. president demonizing minorities and doing terrible things in the name of patriotism. This is also the first Purge movie that paints itself into a corner. We already know this Staten Island “experiment” will become America-wide law, according to events seen in the previous three films, which are set in the near future. The most terrifying thought is that in both this fictional movie franchise and in real life, the worst is yet to come.
Souf, Jordan — The odds had been stacked against Hajar, a lion cub born just hours after her mother Dana, rescued from a zoo in war-torn Syrian, was released into a wildlife reserve in Jordan.
Dana and 12 other animals, including four other lions and two tigers, had barely survived under harsh conditions in the Syrian city of Aleppo, once a major battleground.
They were transported from Syria to Turkey and then to Jordan by the animal charity Four Paws, stuck in cages most of the time. They arrived in Jordan on Friday.
Martin Bauer of Four Paws said Sunday that the cub might not have survived had it been born in a cage. He says the cub seems fine and is nursing.
He says Dana carries a second baby due any time.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w3A2n6
Facebook's latest public controversy may have claimed its first major casualty. According to reporting from The New York Times, the social media giant is poised to part ways with its high-profile chief security officer, Alex Stamos. That story suggests that Stamos created friction within Facebook by pushing for an aggressive approach to exploring and disclosing to the public the platform's role in disseminating Russian state-sponsored disinformation to users. Stamos apparently initiated his exit in December 2017 but was convinced to stay on through August to avoid the hit to public perception, The New York Times reports.
Stamos weighed in over the weekend, arguing that Facebook's revelations around the Trump campaign-linked data analytics firm did not qualify as a “breach” in the technical sense. That term generally connotes hacking or a technical compromise of some kind, though the Cambridge Analytica situation involves a since-deprecated lax API and a business model that revolves around collecting massive troves of personal data and doling it out in ways often far from transparent to the average user.
I have deleted my Tweets on Cambridge Analytica, not because they were factually incorrect but because I should have done a better job weighing in. — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) March 17, 2018
Stamos, who joined the company in June 2015 after spending nearly a year-and-a-half wrestling with privacy woes at Yahoo, is generally well-respected within the security community. According to a story from Reuters in 2016, Stamos reportedly left his position as the top security officer at Yahoo after the company complied with a secret U.S. intelligence directive that allowed the government to search Yahoo user emails via purpose-built software.
Stamos's presence at Facebook — and his at-times candid explanations of the internal workings and reasoning of the often opaque social network — projected the sense that the company was taking user privacy seriously. Depending on what happens next, the security officer's absence at Facebook is likely to speak volumes, too.
Update: In a tweet, Stamos contradicted reporting that he is on the way out at Facebook, claiming that his role has shifted. TechCrunch has reached out to Facebook for clarification on Stamos's role.
Warriors, Cavs earned fourth straight Finals the hard way
Warriors, Cavs earned fourth straight Finals the hard way
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 06:47 IST 10 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Cleveland and Golden State were stressed and stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest showdown in the NBA Finals.
"Splintered" is how Stephen Curry described what he feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston, with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed his Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance against Boston.
"It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship," Curry said Wednesday, "and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
"And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series."
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory, facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals — just with far less prep time after each team played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed. Game 1 is Thursday night at Oracle Arena.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as he did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 postseason games.
James never counted out Golden State.
"Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," he said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen."
Here are some things to watch for heading into the best-of-seven series:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great he might be in his eighth straight Finals.
Yet the way he prepares, there's no doubt in his mind he will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland he knows so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," he said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in his left knee, while Cleveland's Kevin Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with his status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the postseason then you've got to beat 'em."
Protesters campaigning against Brexit will march in Leeds next month to mark the one-year anniversary of the triggering of Article 50.
Leeds for Europe have dubbed the event the 'Great Northern March', which the group says will be one of the largest protest marches ever seen in Yorkshire.
A previous march held by protesters - who will take to the streets again in March
The protest follows on from a United For Europe march in London in 2017 attended by 120,000, according to the group's own estimates.
A spokesman for the group said: "We are confident that this will be a fantastic event which will hopefully have a material impact on the Stop Brexit campaign.
"But to do this we need a vast number of peope to participate, which is going to take a massive effort to spread the word far and wide.
"Please start now to share this page with your friends, family, work colleagues, political contacts and anyone you meet.
"We are uniting the north of England for this event, and are expecting people to travel from across Yorkshire, Lancashire, the north east, the north west and the Midlands. In fact, this is intended to be an event of national significance."
Leeds voted Remain in the European referendum in 2016, while nationally, the vote swung in favour of Leave by 52% to 48% of those who voted.
Opinion: After Brexit, it's time to abolish the House of Lords
Family and supporters of a young girl found dead near a Kenora, Ont., hospital last year are holding a vigil Monday to renew a demand for an inquest into her death.
Azraya Ackabee-Kokopenace, 14, from Grassy Narrows First Nation was brought by provincial police to the hospital last April.
She reportedly decided to leave the hospital on April 15, and was found dead two days later.
Her cause of death has not been released and her family has said that has left too much uncertainty.
Her family and friends will call for a coroner's inquest into her death during the vigil at a local church on Monday and they'll be joined by the local member of the Ontario legislature Sarah Campbell.
If you like a last-minute twist in a courtroom thriller, you will have left the Memorial Hall in Hathersage with a great big smile on your face after Witness for the Prosecution.
The Hathersage Players' production of Agatha Christie's classic ran to appreciative audiences over four nights.
The cast were beautifully led by Emily Upton in the titular role. Miss Upton's smouldering portrayal of Romaine Vole (pictured) conjured up wonderful memories of Marlene Dietrich in the famous 1957 film of the same name as she coolly foiled all those around her who sought the truth.
The combative Sir. Wilfrid Robarts Q.C., played by the ever-talented Denis Murphy was chiefly foiled. Mr Murphy drove the production with charm and flair, especially so bearing in mind the enormity of the script that he had committed to memory.
Thereafter, the cast played in strong support, notably Rob Hall as the caddish Leonard Vole (as well as directing), Richard Morello as the steady John Mayhew, Joe Hardy as the “irritating” Mr. Myers Q.C. and Val Robinson as the truculent Janet MacKenzie. Humour was injected by some lovely moments from Alistair Cook as Carter/Mr Justice Wainwright and Gail Newsome as Greta.
The scene in 1954 was set nicely using contemporary fashions, music and news items. The swift interplay between the intimate set for the Chambers of Sir. Wilfrid Robarts Q.C. and the impressively grand set for the courtroom at The Old Bailey was something of a triumph with clever lighting changes completing the task.
The challenges faced when presenting a static courtroom drama were successfully overcome using an adapted script with engaging dialogue that tripped along at a good pace from well-developed characters. The gasps from the audience at the twist proved the point.
Hot on the heels of last year's sell-out sensations of Jane Eyre and Oliver!, this production marked something of an adventurous change by the ambitious Hathersage Players. However, this was a true victory and will hopefully be swiftly followed by another.
STOP PRESS: Hold onto your hats! Their next production is Jessica Swale's rip-roaring play, Nell Gwynne, a script fresh from winning the best new comedy in the West End, from Wednesday, October 11 to Saturday, October 14, 2017, at 7.30pm.
The €500 million for the Bangalore metro is one of the largest EIB loans in India as well as the largest-ever support to sustainable transport outside of Europe. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
New Delhi: The European Investment Bank (EIB) will provide €500 million support to the Bangalore Metro Rail Corp. Ltd for the purchase of train cars and the construction of metro stations, a European investment bank said Friday.
The EIB also agreed to “a new partnership with the International Solar Alliance to mobilise finance to develop and deploy affordable solar energy in solar rich countries. The EIB also confirmed plans to provide a record EUR 800m for renewable energy investment across India,” a second EIB statement said.
The announcements came after India and the European Union held their 14th summit in New Delhi.
The €500 million for the Bangalore metro is one of the largest EIB loans in India as well as the largest-ever support to sustainable transport outside of Europe, the statement added.
The China-led Asian Infrastructure investment Bank (AIIB) is also expected to support the Bangalore metro in the first-ever joint financing project between the EIB and the AIIB. The EIB loan is for the construction of 18 metro stations and 96 passenger cars for use on the line.
The formal exchange of contracts took place in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, president of the European Council Donald Tusk and president of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker.
The EIB has previously provided €450 million for construction of the new Lucknow Metro.
Heisman Trophy winner Baker Mayfield has won more awards. (Photo: Tony Gutierrez / Associated Press)
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
Extra points
Former Tennessee athletic director John Currie and Greg Schiano signed a memorandum of understanding making the Ohio State defensive coordinator the new Volunteers football coach before the deal fell apart amid a public backlash.
The memorandum of understanding, obtained through a public records request, states Schiano would have received a six-year, $27 million contract. Tennessee officials say they believe the document isn't legally binding because it was never signed by Tennessee's chief financial officer.
Currie was suspended and replaced by Phillip Fulmer five days after the Schiano deal fell through.
... SMU will hire Sonny Dykes, a former California and Louisiana Tech coach, as its new head coach, according to multiple reports.
Dykes will replace Chad Morris, who left SMU last week to become Arkansas coach.
... Willie Simmons is the new Florida A&M coach.
The Tallahassee native has been the head coach at Prairie View A&M the past three seasons.
... Florida defensive tackle Taven Bryan has decided to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL draft.
Bryan is the second Florida player to turn pro since the season ended.
Receiver Antonio Callaway, who was suspended for all of the 2017 season, signed with Atlanta-based agent Mel Bratton last week and hopes to get drafted.
Callaway was one of nine Florida players suspended all season for alleged credit card fraud.
Callaway and six others entered a pretrial intervention program that could result in the dismissal of felony charges.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Gov. Greg Abbott was at Dallas ISD headquarters on Wednesday to speak on the 40 page plan he and other state and local leaders have come up with to better secure schools.
All this following the tragedy that happened in Santa Fe just two weeks ago.
"One of the key demands heard from teachers, parents, and students during our round table discussions was the need for greater law enforcement presence at schools," Abbott said. "When an active shooter situation arises, the difference between life and death can be a matter of seconds. Trained security personnel can make all the difference."
Other parts of his $120 million plan include making sure important information doesn't fall through the bureaucratic cracks, which is what happened preceding the deadly shooting in Sutherland Springs, where a discharged member of the military was able to get weapons he shouldn't have been allowed buy.
In addition, Abbott's plan hopes to prevent these shootings all together by providing mental health care to students at risk of harming others.
Dallas ISD's superintendent, Dr. Michael Hinojosa, says he's especially happy to possibly better help troubled students.
"It's not to punish those kids it's to give those kids help to prevent this kind of stuff. If you catch them before they do something then that is preventive, so I'm very excited about that," Hinojosa said.
Abbott says parts of the plan can be implemented immediately, while others may take time.
Speaking of immediate action, the planned "Active Shooter" game has officially been pulled after receiving loads of criticism from parents, politicians, and the families of school shooting victims.
Perhaps the message is starting to be heard, but the job won't be done until every school is safe.
State police officials said DamonGrimes did not obey an order to stop driving his ATV illegally in the street on Detroit's east side. Trooper Mark Bessner, a passenger in the squad car, used his Taser on Grimes, who crashed into a parked flatbed and died from blunt-force head trauma. (Photo: Courtesy of Fieger Law)
Nearly four months after 15-year-old Damon Grimes died following a state police chase that ended when a trooper stunned the youth with a Taser, two investigations into the case still are ongoing.
The delay has put on hold a lawsuit against the troopers involved in the Aug. 26 incident, prompting a federal judge to ask what's taking so long.
Investigations into officer-involved deaths often take longer than normal, although police and prosecutors insist probes involving cops are handled the same as any other case.
“Each case is unique and some are more complicated than others and require more time,” said Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Maria Miller.
State police officials said Grimes did not obey an order to stop driving his ATV illegally in the street on Detroit's east side. Trooper Mark Bessner, a passenger in the squad car, used his Taser on Grimes, who crashed into a parked flatbed and died from blunt-force head trauma.
State police suspended Bessner because he allegedly deployed his stun gun from inside a moving vehicle, in violation of department policy. He later resigned.
Two other state troopers — Ethan Berger, who drove the police cruiser, and Jacob Liss, a sergeant who according to police sources removed one of the Taser wires from the crime scene — also have been suspended.
Hours after Grimes' death, Detroit police and state police launched separate criminal investigations. Both departments turned the results of their probes over to Wayne County prosecutors about a month later, but prosecutors kicked them back for further investigation.
State police submitted their second investigation to prosecutors Thursday, spokeswoman Shanon Banner said.
“(We submitted) the last of our report last week,” Banner said Monday. “However, there is some additional follow-up that (prosecutors have) asked us to look into and we're continuing to work through those items. So while our report has been submitted, investigation is ongoing.”
Detroit's probe is winding down, police chief James Craig said.
“We turned our investigation over weeks ago, but prosecutors returned it for more work,” Craig said. “We're in the process of re-submitting it, which should be soon.”
It's not unusual for prosecutors to return warrants for more investigation, even in cases that don't involve police officers.
Banner dismissed the notion that it takes longer to investigate officer-involved incidents.
“As far as the length of time that an investigation takes, I don't think you can make a general statement about length, as each investigation has its own complexities; no two are the same,” she said.
“Each county prosecutor also has different methods of operation that factor in as well,” Banner said. “From an MSP perspective, our focus for any investigation is to be as thorough and complete as possible.”
Miller said her office met last week with both Detroit and state police officials “to be updated on the progress being made in the ongoing investigations.”
“Once they have submitted their final investigations, (prosecutors) will conduct a separate and independent investigation,” Miller said. “That is our protocol in every police-involved case, and we believe that it is an important part of the process.”
After lengthy police probes, prosecutors' investigations involving officers often take months. Examples include:
■The death of Janet Wilson. After state police turned over their report into the Jan. 27, 2016, incident, in which Wilson was fatally shot by state police Cpl. James Wade outside Fairlane Mall in Dearborn, prosecutors' investigation took another six months before the shooting was deemed justified in December 2016, nearly a year after Wilson's death.
■In December 2015, Dearborn police Cpl. Chris Hampton fatally shot Kevin Matthews, who was wanted for larcenies. Because the shooting happened in Detroit, that department investigated the shooting and turned over the results of its probe three months later, although prosecutors returned it for more work.
On the same day in December 2016 that the Wilson shooting was deemed justified, Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said Hampton also acted properly.
■After Detroit police officer Joseph Weekley accidentally shot 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones while raiding her east-side house in search of a murderer, the investigation took months. Weekley was charged with involuntary manslaughter 17 monts after the May 2010 incident. The charge was later dismissed by Wayne County Circuit Judge Cynthia Gray-Hathaway after two mistrials.
U.S. District Judge Gershwin Drain questioned last month why it's taking so long to investigate Grimes' death.
Four days after Grimes died, family attorney Geoffrey Fieger filed a $50 million lawsuit against Bessner. During a Nov. 14 hearing, Drain said: “I'm a little disturbed about the delay in getting a decision on prosecution. It's not that complicated of a case. It's pretty straightforward. The facts are not convoluted.”
Two weeks later, on Nov. 28, Drain approved a motion by the Michigan Attorney General's Office, which is representing the state in the lawsuit, to put the lawsuit on hold for 90 days to allow the investigations to wind down.
Oakland University criminal justice professor Daniel Kennedy agreed it often takes longer to investigate an officer-involved incident, but he stressed: “There's nothing sinister going on.”
“In the (Grimes) case, it's complicated by a number of factors,” he said. “First of all, you have several jurisdictions involved, which can lead to bureaucratic inertia. There's a civil suit, which I'm sure is in the back of everyone's minds. Everyone's going to think carefully about the next step.
“On top of that, because of the gravity of the matter, everyone is being very careful,” Kennedy said. “If Joe Citizen shoots someone, it's different than when Officer Smith shoots someone. That's not to diminish the value of the victim, but the status of the shooter is different.
“If a citizen shoots someone, he's not part of a large organization that's devoted to public safety, so his actions don't have the same ramifications as a police officer, which has implications on the sense of security citizens have, and their confidence in the police department.
“If a police officer shoots someone, look at all the questions that are immediately raised,” Kennedy said. “He's representing government, and the implications of a bad shoot by a government agent are far greater than if a regular citizen did the same thing. So everyone is going to proceed very carefully. That's why it can often take so long to investigate these cases.”
ghunter@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2134
Twitter: @GeorgeHunter_DN
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iWMDRj
The commissioner of London's Met Police has insisted the public "expect" cops to trial the facial recognition tech that is subject to two legal challenges in the UK – while admitting she doesn't expect its use to result in “lots of arrests”.
In a hearing at the London Assembly today, Cressida Dick, Metropolitan Police commissioner, aimed to assuage concerns about the increasing use of automated facial recognition (AFR) technology by her force.
The Met has used it four times this year, most recently at Stratford in East London last week (28 June), and has plans for five more deployments before the end of the year.
Zero arrests, 2 correct matches, no criminals: London cops' facial recog tech slammed READ MORE
The next of these, Dick revealed, will be also be at Stratford – which she said was "one of our highest hotspots of violent crime" – and would take place towards the end of this month.
The commissioner also argued, in a caveat-laden sentence, that the public would want the force to use any nascent technology that could tackle violent crime if it could be used with the right safeguards.
"If there's a technology that we can use lawfully – which we can, this is one – and is available, which we are trialling with massive safeguards... [and there is] the notion that that technology might be used in limited circumstances to identify against a small list of wanted offenders for serious violence, [then] I think the public would expect us to be thinking about how we can use that technology, seeing if it's effective or efficient for us. And that's exactly what we're doing.”
The commissioner acknowledged that the trials had not met with vast amounts of success to date, albeit without referencing figures released last month that show the Met's AFR had a 98 per cent false positive rate and has only made two accurate matches.
Moreover, she indicated she isn't expecting much more from the tech, saying: “It's a tool, it's a tactic. I'm not expecting it to result in lots of arrests.”
This admission could be grist to the mill of campaigners, who argue that the use of an intrusive yet ineffective technology doesn't tip the balance against the potential risks, such as dissuading people from taking part in legitimate peaceful protests or the damage associated with being falsely identified.
There are also concerns that there isn't a clear legal basis for the use of the technology – concerns that weren't allayed by the publication of the government's biometrics strategy, which failed to set out a definitive picture on the use of AFR.
When asked by assembly member Sian Berry whether she was comfortable deploying the technology in London while such issues are in flux, Dick replied: “I am completely comfortable [with its use] and we're going to carry on with the trial.”
Dick later emphasised that the Met's lawyers are “all over it and have been from the beginning” and are “comfortable the activity in the trials is lawful and appropriate”.
However, campaigners dispute this, and Big Brother Watch and Green peer Jenny Jones last month announced plans to challenge the Met, claiming that not only does it lack a legal basis to use the tech but also that its use violates fundamental human rights to privacy and freedom of expression.
A similar challenge has been launched against the South Wales Police, by Cardiff man Ed Bridges, backed by Liberty, with the cops in that case saying this week that they weren't going to challenge the application for a judicial review, meaning the case moves on to the next stage.
Elsewhere in the hearing, the commissioner used the opportunity to talk up the checks and balances employed by the police during the trial.
“A commander authorises every deployment, he runs through a set of questions very like any intrusive activities under the Regulations of Investigatory Powers Act,” she said, adding that during the tests all “suggested identifications” are assessed by an office.
Dick also indicated that the Met was expecting to implement the recommendations of the London Policing Ethics Panel, which launched a review following pressure from the GLA, saying that she would “be very surprised if we were going to fall out about those”.
That review is due to be published shortly. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Whew! The weather has been really warm! In fact, record highs were recorded last week. We have several chances of rain this week. Please continue to pray that God will bless us with some good moisture the next few months, but not more ICE!!! Old timers predicted this would be a cold wet winter. So far we have had some record highs and some record lows—truly Oklahoma weather!
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Android P is coming, and probably much sooner than usual.
If there's one thing you can always count on from Google's annual developer conference, Google I/O, it's a healthy dose of what's next for Android. Google takes a large amount of its conference to help developers prepare their apps for the new features coming to Android, and show off where it can for visibly new things. We know to expect lots of information about Google's next steps in software instead of hardware these days, because the software part is released in phases over several months as Developer Previews.
Considering Google is hyping its I/O conference a little earlier this year, and a few other bits of information we've scrounged up, it seems likely the initial Developer Preview for Android P will be here sooner than you think.
Chromebooks and Android P: Jerry has some thoughts!
Android P DP1
Unlike previous years where Google announced the next version of Android at I/O, last year the Developer Preview came long before the conference. By the time Google took to the stage in the middle of May 2017, developers had been playing with Android O DP1 for nearly two whole months. The final version of Android Oreo looked very different by the time it finally launched on the Pixel 2 in October, but the playground had been open for quite a while in the meantime.
With Google I/O starting on May 8 this year, it's likely we'll get the first Developer Preview for Android P a little earlier as well. Last year we saw Android O DP1 initial release a couple of weeks into March, which isn't that far away at all. If Google's schedule has been accelerated due to the earlier launch of the conference, we could be a few short weeks away from the first taste of the next version of Android.
Android P is already here for some
Like every company, Google internally tests lots of things before sending it out into the world. Part of that testing includes visiting websites like this one from those super secret versions of Android. Each year we see a slow buildup of traffic from that unreleased version of Android leading up to the initial announcement. It starts with a couple of pings over a week, and build up to several pings per day. By the time a Developer Preview is released, there's a nice graph in our analytics of mystery Android users in a steady upward trend.
This information doesn't guarantee much, after all anyone can tell their browser to report itself as anything if they know how, but it's a steady ramp up every year that gives us a fairly good idea of when Google is going to be doing its thing. We know Googlers are playing with early versions of Android P, and we know they've been using it more and more over the last two weeks. Based on the traffic we are already seeing for Android P, it's possible Google will announce the Android P Developer Preview earlier than last year. In fact, it's possible we'll hear more about Android P from Google before the end of February.
What does all of this mean?
Based on previous timelines from Google and some of the activity we're starting to see, it looks like Android P will be made available to developers earlier than last year. If it were to start at the beginning of March instead of closer to the end like last year, it would likely move the entire cycle ahead by a month. If Android P is ready to go a month earlier than usual, it could mean something more dramatic like the next Pixel phones coming up to a month earlier as well.
The whole timeline could have been moved up by a month.
Given what we're seeing with Samsung making the Galaxy S9 available earlier this year as well, it could also mean the next big phone from Samsung — such as the Galaxy Note 9 — launches with the next version of Android instead of waiting for an update like usual. Remember Google regularly provides its partners with access to new versions of Android much earlier than public developers, making it possible Google's ultimate goal for 2018 is to do away with the visual stigma associated with the latest version of Android having so few people using it by the end of the year.
A lot of this is speculation, based largely on prior experience with Google's behavior in the past. A new version of Android is always fun to play with, and when it comes to encouraging developer and hardware partner support earlier is always better. Until then, we can sit around and think some deep thoughts on what the P is going to stand for.
Nearly 200,000 sample packs of birth Allergan birth control pills have been recalled after placebos were placed out of order, which could lead to an unexpected pregnancy.
Officials announced this week that the company is recalling almost 170,000 pills after active capsules and placebos were placed out of order, causing a potential risk to those using the sample packs.
The packs are marked as Taytullla Softgel Capsules with the lot number 5620706 and have a May 2019 expiration date.
The company issued its national recall after a doctor reported a sample pack containing the first four days of therapy as having the non-hormonal placebo pills instead of the actives ones, Allergan said in a statement.
“The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order,” according to the recall posted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. “If patients have concerns regarding the possibility of an unintended pregnancy they should consult their physician.
“As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules, that are taken out of sequence, may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy. The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order. If patients have concerns regarding the possibility of an unintended pregnancy they should consult their physician.”
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
This Valentine's Day Burger King is serving up a special Adult Meal for two that includes two Whoppers, two packets of fries, two beers, and a "romantic adult toy," aka a sex toy. The catch? The seductive boxed meals are only available at the fast-food joint's Israel locations on Feb. 14, from 6 p.m. until closing.
Nevertheless, leave it to the OG burger chain to make Valentine's Day at the drive-thru not so, well, exactly how it sounds. "Kids' meal? That's for kids," the commercial's narrator says, before some of the adult toy options are revealed. Let's just say they skew more gimmicky than erotic, unless a feather duster or scalp scratcher is what really gets you going.
No spoilers Stepping into the cinema to watch Blade Runner 2049 was a nervous moment; after The Phantom Menace and Prometheus, was another studio about to take a steaming dump on a pivotal film of my youth?
The omens were good. Director Denis Villeneuve gave us probably the best sci-fi film of last year in Arrival and his previous film, Sicario, was a brutal and tense piece of work that boded well for the Blade Runner ethos.
But in a world of CGI the fear was that the raw feel of the original would be lost. Blade Runner was released in 1982, when computer effects were barely possible and prohibitively expensive. Instead, models, studio sets and superb staged environments were needed to evoke the feel of a futuristic world gone mad.
Where CGI is used in the sequel it's deliberately made obvious and enhances the scenes in which it is used. Don't worry that this is going to be an overly fake Star Wars world: what CGI there is enhances the scenes immensely and it's not overplayed for the rest of the film.
Robocop? Star Trek? What's your favourite vision? Blade Runner 2049: Back to the Future – the movies that showed us what's to come READ MORE
Much of the film is shot in a grittily realistic style. Its world is a mix of the modern and the decrepit, the high-tech and the painfully old, mimicking the original motif. The debris of the old society mixes with the new and the extreme close-ups of human bodies in all their failings are counterpoised against the smooth perfection of the artificial.
Thankfully, Blade Runner's successor retains much of the atmosphere of the original. Possibly a little too much: the Los Angeles of 2019 isn't accurate to life today and the world of 2049 is also a fast-forward from what we can expect, even if the gloomiest climate predictions come true.
Some of the science is very dodgy but, hey, movies are all about the willing suspension of disbelief.
Nevertheless, the chaos of a disintegrating environment, an unexpected massive data loss (doesn't anyone keep tape backups?), and an uneasily mixed society of humans and replicants in real and virtual worlds provides a fascinating backdrop for what is, in essence, a quest film with lots of surprises.
No spoilers
Ryan Gosling doesn't immediately spring to mind as suitable for the role but he does the job very well indeed, and shows a wry sense of humor at times. He plays a blade runner tasked with "retiring" early-model NEXUS8 replicants that have gone on the run and have no expiry date.
Youtube Video
Having been set a search job by his police captain – a hard-drinking cynical chief superbly played by Robin Wright – he uncovers a secret that threatens to tear down the fragile social order. As he progresses further down the rabbit hole he encounters the strange, the ugly, and possibilities of a massive mistake in his perception of the world.
The driver behind this is Niander Wallace, a blind savant played by Jared Leto who saves humanity but may yet destroy it. Sadly we see too little of Leto, who nails the character in all its creepiness but makes the motivations expressed believable.
Plaudits also go to Ana de Armas as the love interest, Joi, and Wallace's assistant Luv, played by Sylvia Hoeks, who is clearly channeling Sean Young but adding a touch of Pris to the character. Edward James Olmos and Sean Young also have cameo roles. But who are we kidding? Seeing Harrison Ford was what many will watch this film for.
If you're expecting lots of Ford screen time, you're in for a disappointment. He is very much a secondary character: old and flabby and spending much of the time in helpless peril. But when given the opportunity, he shows his skills as a master thespian.
These characters are set against the kind of visually stunning land and cityscapes that Scott would have killed to recreate in 1982. While CGI landscapes are there, most of the up-close action is done on physical sets and benefits immensely from it.
The musical score is also crucial to the rhythm and emotion of the film. Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch did an excellent job evolving Vangelis' original themes and borrow liberally throughout from the original soundtrack. The final scenes are massively improved by the homage to the original score.
It's worth seeing this on the biggest screen possible and with a Dolby Atmos sound system, or the nearest equivalent, to get the most out of it. Also, empty your bladder beforehand – at two hours, 43 minutes it's a very long time to sit if your back teeth are floating – and you won't be able to leave your seat without missing something important.
If there's one disappointing aspect to the film, it is the pretty blatant product placement. Yes, it's a useful way to raise profits but just for once I'd like to see a film where I'm not constantly namechecking the subliminal adverts.
We're supposed to believe that Peugeot, a company that hasn't made a good vehicle since the 205 hot hatch (and even that was debatable – ed) now makes flying cars people would trust. Similarly, Atari gets a name check, although I'm inclined to believe that, like the Pan Am logo on one building, this was a subtle two fingers to the studio's advertising department.
These are minor niggles. As the credits rolled after a breathtaking last few minutes, the audience seemed stunned before breaking out in applause. Far from ruining the story, or just remaking it like The Force Awakens, Blade Runner 2049 can not only stand up on its replicant legs as a superb film in its own right, but also plays suitable homage to its predecessor. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
A "DJI Mavic type" drone was flown close to an airliner leaving London City Airport in September, a recently published UK Airprox Board report has revealed.
The report is unusual in that most drones involved in airprox incidents are not identified so specifically by pilots.
A De Havilland Dash-8 turboprop airliner, taking off from London City Airport, encountered the drone at 3,000ft above Stratford, where it was spotted by the third pilot, sitting in the observer's position.
The airliner had just taken off westwards from City's runway 27 and had turned sharply north, climbing, when it encountered the drone.
The captain and co-pilot decided that no avoiding action was needed because the drone was below them. They reported a vertical separation of 100ft.
The Airprox Board's report stated that the drone was being flown beyond practical visual line of sight (VLOS) where it was "endangering other aircraft at that location and altitude".
The board agreed that the drone had been "flown into conflict" with the DHC-8, but that the situation was best described as one where "safety had been reduced" but there was "no risk of collision".
In a statement to The Register, DJI said: "There is no proof that it was, indeed, a DJI Mavic Pro," referring to the use of the word "type" in the report's description.
"In past airprox incidents, reports of drone involvement turned out to be false.
"DJI strongly condemns the unsafe use of this technology in areas that conflict with normal operations of manned air traffic. We will continue working together with regulators to help our users understand the safe and legal operation of aerial technology." ®
Preece Enters “Thunder Valley” Looking To Continue Hot Streak
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — Over the last six NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour races, no one has been able to post better results than Ryan Preece. The Berlin, Connecticut, driver has four wins, a runner-up and a fourth and it has allowed him to claw his way right back into the fight for the championship. Even though he missed a race at Virginia's Langley Speedway in May to get married, Preece sits only 19 points from the points lead with seven championship races left on the 2017 schedule.
His recent run of success in NASCAR also included his first career NASCAR XFINITY Series victory while driving for Joe Gibbs Racing at Iowa Speedway on July 29. As Preece enters the third Whelen Modified Tour race in 12 days, he is hoping to continue his recent success on the tricky high-banks of Bristol Motor Speedway. In his career at “Thunder Valley,” Preece has six top 10 finishes in seven starts, including a victory in the rain-shortened race in 2015.
Series points leader Timmy Solomito enters the race with a 10-point advantage on Rowan Pennink, but if he wants to maintain the top spot, he will need to come away from Bristol in one piece. His best career finish at the track is eighth, but last season, he was involved in a wreck and finished 26 laps down in 18th. He joins Preece as the only multiple-time winners so far this season on the Tour.
Defending Bristol race winner Eric Goodale enters the race looking to go back-to-back and knock some points off his deficit to the top of the championship standings. Goodale enters the race fifth in the points off an eighth-place finish at Thompson last Wednesday behind the wheel of his No. 58.
The Bristol race marks the third event in 12 days for Whelen Modified Tour teams. Following the mid-week stop in Tennessee, the series will have a 10-day break before visiting Massachusetts and the Seekonk Speedway on August 26.
Race: Bush's Beans 150 Place: Bristol (Tenn.) Speedway Time: 6 p.m. ET 2016 Winner: Eric Goodale 2016 Pole Winner: Todd Szegedy Track Layout: .533-mile banked concrete oval Event Schedule: Final Practice: 12:30-2 p.m., Qualifying: 3:15 p.m., Driver Autograph Session: 4:45 p.m., Bush's Beans 150: 6 p.m. Track Contact: Track Twitter: @BMSupdates Event Hashtag: #BushsBeans150 NASCAR IMC Contact: Jason Christley, (386)-547-2469, jchristley@nascar.com
RACE CENTRAL LIVE: EVENT SCHEDULE & ENTRY LIST
Fast Facts:
The Race: The Bush's Beans 150 is the 10th of 16 races on the 2017 unified NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour championship points schedule. It is the first and only appearance at Bristol Motor Speedway for this season.
The Procedure: The maximum starting field for the race is 36 cars, including any provisionals. The first 30 positions in the race will be awarded through the qualifying process, while six provisionals will also be available through the provisional process. The race is scheduled for 150 laps (79.95 miles) and will have a five minute break on or about lap 75.
The Track: Nicknamed as the “World's Fastest Half Mile,” Bristol Motor Speedway is a 0.533-mile high-banked concrete oval. The track also holds two Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series races each season. On Wednesday night, the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series will also hold their annual Bristol night race.
Race Winners: Seven different drivers have visited Victory Lane in Whelen Modified Tour action at Bristol. Ryan Newman (2) is the only multiple-time overall winner. Seven other drivers are tied with one overall victory. Eric Goodale is the defending overall race winner. This is the first year of the unified tour racing at Bristol; in the past, the highest finishing driver in the Whelen Modified and Whelen Southern Modified Tour have been awarded a victory.
Pole Winners: There have been six different Coors Light Pole award winners at Bristol in the eight races. Qualifying was rained-out for the inaugural event back in 2009. Justin Bonsignore has two career overall poles, while five other drivers are tied with just one career pole.
Bush's Beans 150 Notes:
Coby Crawling Back: Four-time NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour champion Doug Coby found himself in a large hole in the point standings when the season got underway. He left the first four races of the season with only one top 10 finish and has since been trying to dig himself out since. However, in his last five races, things have turned the opposite way for the Milford, Connecticut, driver. The reigning champion has five top five finishes in the last six starts, including a second-place finish in last Wednesday's Bud 150 at Thompson. Coby has climbed to fourth in the championship standings, just 30 points from the lead with seven races left to go. If he wants to continue the climb towards a fourth straight title, he will need to escape the Bristol high-banks with a solid finish. In his six career starts there, Coby has two top five finishes, but also two DNFs.
Dowling Pairs With Harvey: Chase Dowling will be taking his talents to Bristol Motor Speedway behind the wheel for a new team on Wednesday night. Former Whelen Southern Modified Tour championship car owner Eddie Harvey has paired with Dowling and LFR Chassis' Rob Fuller to put Dowling behind the wheel of his No. 11 in the Bush's Beans 150. In two career starts at “Thunder Valley,” Dowling has the best finish of seventh while driving for Cheryl Tomaino in 2015. In five races this season, Dowling has the best finish of fifth driving for Fuller.
Silk Teams With Stuart: Continuing a streak of mid-season shakeups on the Whelen Modified Tour, 2003 series champion Todd Szegedy decided to part ways with Kevin Stuart Motorsports following the Stafford 150 on August 4. Although Jeff Rocco drove the car last Wednesday at Thompson, the team has tabbed former series champion Ron Silk to drive the car for most of the remainder of the season. Silk has just four starts on the tour this season, but has one victory to his resume at Bristol, along with an average finish of ninth in seven career starts. Silk has competed in all of the Tour's prior trips to the 0.533-mile oval.
Winning: Ryan Preece (four) and Timmy Solomito (three) are the only two NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour drivers with multiple wins so far this season. Rowan Pennink and Bobby Santos both have one victory to theri credit as well. Coby, Justin Bonsignore, and Ron Silk are among active drivers who won last season, but have yet to grace Victory Lane in 2017.
Wednesday Doubleheader: The NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour's Bush's Beans 150 will serve as the first of two races at Bristol on Wednesday night. The NASCAR Camping World Truck Series will also join in on the action with a 200 lap race. The Trucks have just three races remaining before the playoffs begin.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. (AP) -- Matt McQuaid scored 12 points and made the decisive 3-pointer with 1:08 to play Saturday night, leading No. 5 Michigan State past Indiana 63-60.
The Spartans (22-3, 10-2 Big Ten) have won six straight to stay two games behind Purdue in the conference title chase.
Juwan Morgan had 23 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana (12-12, 5-7), which has lost four straight overall. Freddie McSwain Jr. finished with eight points and 16 rebounds.
Indiana, which lost to the Spartans 85-57 earlier this season, had a chance to force overtime, but Devonte Green's 70-foot heave bounced high off the back of the rim as the buzzer sounded.
It was deliberate, old-school basketball at its finest.
The teams regularly went deep into the shot clock, and Michigan State eventually hung on because of size and defense.
Despite shooting a season-low 28.8 percent from the field, the Hoosiers sure made it tough.
Indiana trailed 58-50 with 5:05 left before Morgan scored seven straight points to get the Hoosiers within one. After Miles Bridges missed a 17-footer on Michigan State's next possession, Indiana had a chance to take the lead. But Robert Johnson's layup rolled out and McSwain missed two free throws after grabbing the offensive rebound.
McQuaid's final 3 made it a four-point game and after Green's three-point play with 3.7 seconds to go made it 63-60, the Hoosiers got one last chance when Joshua Langford missed two free throws.
Langford and Jaren Jackson Jr. each had 10 points and Jackson finished with seven blocks.
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State: Offensively, the Spartans struggled. But defensively, they showed just how good they can be with their size and length. Just eight minutes into the game, Michigan State had eight blocks. It finished the half with nine with 13. The only downfall was that the Hoosiers took advantage of second chances and managed to keep it close.
Indiana: After getting blown out by the Spartans on Jan. 19 in East Lansing, the Hoosiers inserted McSwain into the starting lineup and turned it around. No, they didn't get the win. But the young Hoosiers showed how much they had learned from the first matchup and they can go toe-to-toe with any team.
KEY STATS
Michigan State: Bridges finished with seven points and eight rebounds. .... Langford had 10 points. ... The Spartans pushed their single-season school record for blocks to 204. ... Michigan State was 9 of 18 on 3s and 8 of 17 on free throws.
Indiana: Morgan recorded his seventh double-double of the season. ... The Hoosiers made only 2 of its first 22 shots, 9.1 percent, and went more than 8 1/2 minutes in the first half without a basket. ...Indiana had a 53-29 rebounding edge including a 25-3 advantage on the offensive end against the best rebounding team in Division I. ... The Hoosiers have played three straight ranked opponents.
Copyright Associated Press 2018. All rights reserved.
(Bloomberg) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:26 pm |
Investigators at the scene of a fatal accident involving a self driving Uber car on the street in Tempe, Ariz. (ABC-15.com via AP)
Uber Technologies Inc. halted autonomous vehicle tests after one of its cars struck and killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona, in what is likely the first pedestrian fatality involving the technology.
The 49-year-old woman, Elaine Herzberg, was crossing the road outside of a crosswalk when the Uber vehicle operating in autonomous mode under the supervision of a human safety driver, struck her, according to the Tempe Police Department. She was transferred to a local hospital where she died from her injuries. “Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation,” Liliana Duran, a Tempe police spokeswoman, said in an emailed statement.
Uber said on Monday that it was pausing tests of all its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto and the greater Phoenix area. “Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” a company spokeswoman said in a statement. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
As many self-driving cars have begun to travel on public roads in pilot programs around the world, the chance of a pedestrian death has become more likely. Experts have long worried about the impact deadly crashes could have on the nascent industry.
“We're within the phase of autonomous vehicles where we're still learning how good they are. Whenever you release a new technology there's a whole bunch of unanticipated situations,” said Arun Sundararajan, a professor at New York University's business school. “Despite the fact that humans are also prone to error, we have as a society many decades of understanding of those errors.”
The National Transportation Safety Board is opening an investigation into the death and is sending a small team of investigators to Tempe. The Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration dispatched a special crash investigation team.
The NTSB opens relatively few highway accident investigations each year, but has been closely following incidents involving autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles. Last year, it partially faulted Tesla Inc.'s Autopilot system for a fatal crash in Florida in 2016.
The NTSB's cautionary tone on the emergence of self-driving technology contrasted with the Department of Transportation, which revised its policy on self-driving vehicles Tuesday, in an attempt to remove obstacles to the testing of such vehicles.
“As always, we want the facts, but based on what is being reported this is exactly what we have been concerned about and what could happen if you test self-driving vehicles on city streets,” said Jason Levine, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, a Washington-based advocacy group. “It will set consumer confidence in the technology back years if not decades. We need to slow down.”
The Phoenix area is a fertile ground for experiments in the technology. Uber has been testing there with safety drivers behind the wheel. Late last year, Alphabet Inc.'s Waymo, which has tested in the Phoenix area for years, began removing the safety drivers to transport a small number of residents. (Waymo staff sit in the back seat.) General Motors is also testing in the Phoenix area. A GM spokesman declined to comment, and a representative from Waymo did not return multiple requests for comment.
“Public safety is our top priority, and we are in communication with law enforcement, which is investigating the accident and gathering facts, as well as Uber,” a spokesman for Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said.
Drivers relying on Tesla's Autopilot technology have been involved in fatal car crashes. Uber has had minor incidents in the past. A self-driving Uber car ran a red light in San Francisco while the company operated in the city without regulatory approval. The California Department of Motor Vehicles eventually forced Uber to pull the cars from the road.
Groupon founder Andrew Mason's audio tour startup Detour has been sold to Bose. The acquisition, which involves only the software and tour content – not the team – was quietly announced on Detour's blog a few days ago, followed by an email to customers. Bose, initially, seems like an unlikely acquirer for an app designed to help people discover a city through narrated walking tours. But its interest in the product has to do with its upcoming AR platform, which involves audio experiences delivered through a pair of sensor-laden glasses.
Bose is now “actively looking for a partner to host the Detour content,” and make it available to its customers, including those on Bose AR. The Detour app itself will soon shut down.
Mason says he may help Bose a bit in the process of finding that third party, but his focus is on his new company, Descript.
Detour had launched a few years ago, and was entirely self-funded by Mason. Its goal was to offer tourists and locals alike a way to discover a city's hidden gems, like its off-the-beaten-track shops and alleys – things other tours would overlook. The service arrived to the public with tours in San Francisco starting in 2015, before later expanding to other markets, including international destinations, all available as in-app purchases.
The app, at the time of sale, had around 120 available tours.
As part of the creation of its tours, Detour had also developed some interesting technology – like a tool to transcribe audio that lets you edit the audio file by editing the written transcription, and a way to add music and sound to a narrative by adding it to the transcription.
This technology has now been spun off as a new startup, Descript. The Detour team, including Mason, have been working on Descript for around six months now. Descript, which aims to make editing sound files as easy as editing a Word document, launched in December with $5 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz.
Given Mason's current focus, it's not surprising that Detour was shutting down. But it is a little surprising it found an acquirer.
The app was never able to gain a sizable following on the scale of other travel guides. (It had been ranking in the 400's to 700's in the App Store's “Travel” category as of late – meaning, practically invisible.) However, its tours were unique and interesting and had been designed with features others at the time lacked – like location awareness or the ability to sync with multiple people in a group, for example.
The Detour app will remain available until May 31, 2018, and all tours will be free through then. Afterwards, the app will be removed from the App Store.
“Thank you to the producers, engineers, designers, and storytellers that made Detour what it is over the last four years. I'm excited to see where Bose takes it,” wrote Mason, on Detour's blog.
Pitchbook claims Detour had raised funding, but Mason says that's incorrect.
“Detour is self-funded (by me) and we never disclosed how much,” he says. But he did confirm that Mihir Shah, a friend, had invested a “some token number of thousands of dollars in the very beginning,” which is why the investment is listed on Shah's LinkedIn.
Deal terms were not available, but it was likely a small exit.
It's unclear when Detour would arrive on Bose AR, as Bose is still in the process of finding a third party to continue with Detour, and hasn't yet shipped test builds of its AR glasses to developers.
As BergerABAM Vice President Helen Devery reflects on her soon-to-be 25 years with the architectural, engineering and environmental consulting firm, she said she believes having a local and engaged staff has helped BergerABAM both secure landmark projects around Southwest Washington and effectively execute them.
“Our staff is very involved in the community,” Devery said. “We have people who live, work and volunteer here, and that helps us understand what the community needs.”
Based in Federal Way, Wash., BergerABAM started in 1951 and has nine offices across Washington, Oregon, California, Texas and Nevada. The company worked out of downtown Vancouver for more than 20 years and moved to the renovated City Hall building just more than two years ago. Devery credits the new, open floor plan as allowing more collaboration between departments.
“We had our best year ever last year,” Devery said. “The economy picked up and that has allowed us to fire on all cylinders.”
BergerABAM has 250 employees worldwide, with 37 in the Vancouver office. Though they are seeking to hire more engineers, the local office now houses the company's full spectrum of services. The firm specializes in civil and structural engineering, landscape architecture, environmental assessment, natural resources management, and land-use planning.
“We're really happy to be here in Southwest Washington,” Devery said. “It's a great community to be a part of and we continue to do important public infrastructure work throughout the state.”
BergerABAM has worked with the cities of Vancouver, Camas, Ridgefield and Washougal to restore waterfronts, manage environmental analysis, conduct city planning and more. Other projects include engineering runways for Boeing, various navy contracts, and national and international ports – including the expansion of the Panama Canal. Locally, BergerABAM is the lead technical landscape architect for a new seven-acre Vancouver waterfront trail and pier.
“What holds the pier up is all our engineering,” Devery said.
Devery is particularly proud of her firm's outdoor trail work. BergerABAM has contributed to improving the trails of Camas and Washougal waterfronts, Evergreen Highway and the Port of Vancouver.
Several local employees serve on the Clark County Community Bike and Pedestrian Advisory Council, and Devery credits this for their innovative ideas on connecting the community through cycling and walking trails. She said BergerABAM makes an effort to give staff time to be involved in local organizations like these, local library boards and more; this allows the company to keep a finger on the area's pulse and contribute where it can.
“A huge challenge for our community is obviously the I-5 Bridge,” Devery said in looking ahead. “Our firm does bridge design and would love to be involved in that project.”
She is hopeful that transportation funding will open up soon for fixing the heavy congestion that commuters and travelers face along the I-5 corridor's connection of Washington and Oregon.
Currently, BergerABAM is working with Washougal on a transportation and downtown plan, and with the Clark Regional Waste Water District on a pump station sewer line. The firm will also spearhead more work along the Vancouver Waterfront, which has a completion date targeted for 2018.
“We just finished getting all of the approvals from the city for the Port of Vancouver's Terminal One,” Devery said. “For us, that master plan project will be another landmark project for the community on the waterfront.”
Comments
comments
WWE Rumors: Mr 450 was injured even before his match at 205 Live
It's not known if WWE was aware of his injury prior to his match.
by Anutosh Bajpai News 02 Jan 2017, 14:48 IST
Yurnet's WWE status is in question after this revelation
What's the story?
The news of Independent Wrestler John Yurnet, aka Mr. 450, getting injured during his 205 Live debut and then seeking help from fans to cover his medical costs has raised eyebrows in the past several days. However, if the reports from WrestlingNewsSource are to be believed, there is much more to the story.
According to the recent reports from the site, the Indie wrestling star was hurt weeks before his WWE Appearance. Not only that, he was allegedly injured to a point where he was declared medically unfit and was pulled from a wrestling event, prior to his 205 Live match.
In case you didn't know
Mr 450 made his 205 Live debut this past Tuesday in a match against Mustafa Ali. Following the show, it was reported that the Cruiserweight star has suffered a serious knee injury during his debut bout, putting him out of action for a foreseeable future.
After learning about his injury, Yurnet took his Facebook account and announced that he will be selling his wrestling gear in order to raise fund for his surgery. It was reported that WWE won't cover his medical expenses as he was not under contract with the company.
The heart of the matter
The report states that Mr 450 was seen wearing knee pad during a couple of independent wrestling events in Florida and Texas, prior to his 205 Live appearance. It's also being said that he was pulled from a recent indie wrestling event in Texas because he was deemed unable to compete due to his knee injury.
It's not known whether WWE knew about his injury prior to his match. Although given that he was working on per appearance basis, it's quite possible that the indie wrestling star could have hidden his conditions from officials or have convinced them that it wasn't as serious as it looked.
What next?
Shortly after the news of John's injury broke out, a GoFundMe account was set up by a fan to help the star cover his medical expenses. Till now, the campaign has raised more than $4,500 in about three days, out of the total alleged expense of $10,000. Those who wish can donate to the wrestler at this link.
Till now, WWE has neither released any official statement regarding the matter nor do we know the status of the Luchador with the company. However, given the fact that they have received lots of heat over the issue in the past several days, it's quite possible that we will not see the former WWC World Champion in a WWE Ring again anytime soon.
SportsKeeda's take
It's always unfortunate to witness a star getting injured. While it's still arguable that keeping the officials in dark about his condition was the wrong move from John Yurnet, fans hope that Mr 450 will recover completely from the injury and will be back in the wrestling ring soon.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of his first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, he made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. He also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
BUSINESS
The supply of labor in the country's electronics industry, in particular the booming semiconductor industry, has become stagnant, raising concerns that the trend will heavily undermine global competitiveness, according to a report released by the Korea Electronics Association on Tuesday.
The report stated that the current shortage of labor means Korea's chip industry, which is on pace for 16 percent growth this year, will struggle in the future to meet rising global demand amid the “fourth industrial revolution.”
The KEA said urgent steps must be taken to counter the shortage of manpower as Korea's electronics industry accounts for 33 percent of the nation's total exports.
(Yonhap)
According to recent industry data, although the number of job positions in the electronics industry last year reached 53,457, the actual number of recruits by companies was only 46,429.The number of positions that remain vacant went up 10.1 percent to 7,028 for the second half of last year. The industry as a whole currently accounts for 7.8 percent of the country's total employment rate. The report also added that in order for companies in the electronics industry to cope with labor shortages, they have been forced to hire thousands of “unqualified” workers.“The recruitment of unqualified workers is increasing and is impeding the immediate effectiveness of our human resources,” the report said. “Therefore, there is a higher demand for more educational and training programs for local enterprises.”The shortage of manpower is also due to a large outflow of engineers leaving to work abroad.Korea's Samsung Electronics and SK hynix currently account for roughly 70 percent of the global memory chip market, but China is looking to become a major player and is expected to invest some 200 trillion won ($176 billion) into the industry. China's Tsinghua Unigroup has pledged to become one of the world's top five chipmakers within the next three years.Semiconductor market intelligence agency DRAMeXchange also released a report Tuesday that showed the world's top three manufacturers -- Samsung Electronics, SK hynix and Micron Technology -- saw a 30 percent gain in combined revenue in the second quarter of this year.Samsung's server DRAM, or dynamic random access memory, revenue posted a 36.5 percent gain, reaching $1.98 billion for the second quarter, while SK hynix's revenue increased by 28.2 percent to $1.37 billion.Despite the increase in overall global revenue, DRAMeXchange's report states that chip manufacturers are still expected to have difficulty meeting growing demand in the DRAM market.On the back of overly strong demand, investments by global chipmakers are expected to decrease next year after posting double-digit growth this year.By Julie Jackson ( juliejackson@heraldcorp.com
Indian villagers wade through flood waters while carrying household items at the flood affected Koliabor village, some 186 kilometers from Guwahati, the capital city of India's northeastern state of Assam on Aug. 13, 2017. (Photo: Biju Boro / Getty Images)
Kunauli, Nepal — Heavy monsoon rains have unleashed landslides and floods that killed at least 173 people in recent days and displaced millions more across northern India, southern Nepal and Bangladesh.
Officials said Monday that they were still trying to determine the scale of the disaster, as weather forecasters predicted more rain for some areas and casualties were reported in multiple locations across the Himalayan foothills of South Asia.
Nepalese police were searching Monday for scores of people reported missing after rivers burst their banks and killed at least 80, according to police spokesman Pushkar Karki.
“The death toll may go up further as reports come in from remote areas,” Karki said.
Many of those killed had drowned or been caught in collapsed houses or under toppled trees.
The floods destroyed key rice crops in Nepal and drove thousands of farmers and their families to take refuge in schools or tents on higher ground, as water submerged roads and cut transport to affected areas. Near the Nepalese village of Kunauli, on the border with India, people were sheltering in tents pitched along the main highway after the land on both sides became inundated. Cows and buffalo meandered between the tents, and poisonous snakes slithered through the water.
Electricity and cellular phone services were cut off. Soldiers passed out clean water, grain and rice, which people were cooking on small, kerosene-fueled stoves. But aid workers said some did not have enough food or water.
“The heavy rains hit at one of the worst times, shortly after farmers planted their rice crop,” Sumnima Shrestha, a spokeswoman for the U.S.-based anti-poverty charity Heifer International, said in a statement. “Making matters worse, large numbers of livestock have been swept away in the flash flooding.”
Across Nepal's southern border, flooding swamped seven districts in the Indian state of Bihar and left more than half a million people homeless. Officials said two people had also died.
Landslides and flooding are common across South Asia during the summer monsoon season, and have become more dangerous thanks to widespread deforestation and poor urban planning that makes it harder for the land to absorb rainfall.
Bangladesh was bracing for worse flooding Monday, as weather forecasters predicted more rain. At least 18 major rivers were flowing at dangerously high levels, according to the state-run Flood Forecasting and Warning Center.
Twenty-seven people have been killed over the last few days in the low-lying delta nation, while another 600,000 are marooned, Bangladesh's disaster management minister, Mofazzal Hossain Chowdhury, said Monday. Around 368,000 people have taken refuge in more than 970 makeshift government shelters, he said.
Bangladeshi soldiers were working to evacuate those who were stranded on rooftops or in trees, after floodwaters inundated hundreds of northern villages.
In the northeastern Indian state of Assam, the floodwaters have damaged bridges, downed power lines and washed away thousands of homes. Officials said that at least 2.5 million people had been affected, including some 200,000 now staying in 440 relief camps, and that 18 people had been killed.
With railway lines inundated, the remote region was largely cut off from the rest of the country. Indian air force helicopters were dropping food and drinking water packets in the worst-hit districts, said Assam's chief secretary, V. K. Pipersenia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he was in contact with Assam's authorities. “All possible support is being provided to Assam for overcoming the flood situation prevailing in parts of the state,” Modi said on Twitter.
Most of Assam's Kaziranga National Park was also underwater, forcing many of the wildlife reserve's endangered rhinos and deer to move to higher ground. Dozens of deer were killed by cars after they leapt onto a nearby highway to escape the floods.
Farther to the west, in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, soldiers recovered the bodies of 46 people who had been traveling in two buses that were buried in a massive landslide of rocks and mud on Sunday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w6cGNx
Have your say
A gag about Prime Minister Theresa May has won a national competition to write the best modern Christmas cracker joke.
The best line was voted to be: “Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government”, which was penned by Samuel Williams, 35, from Kent.
Gags about Donald Trump, Brexit, Southern Rail and Ryanair also proved popular in the annual competition by UKTV channel Gold.
The second placed joke was: “Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves”, while “What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year”, came third.
The entries were submitted via Twitter and shortlisted by a panel of judges led by comedy critic Bruce Dessau before being put to a public vote of 2,000 British adults.
Dessau said: “In a world that seems to have turned upside down in recent years, there is something wonderfully reassuring about the fact that people have still retained their sense of humour and come up with some inspired gags for this year's Gold Christmas Crackers competition.
“The subjects of the jokes that were entered reflects the issues that concern the country today: from Brexit and Donald Trump to Bruce Forsyth and Southern Rail, people have still been able to find the funny side.”
Williams will receive £1,500 towards a holiday and a box of bespoke Gold Christmas Crackers, one of which will contain his own gag.
The top 10 jokes were voted to be:
1. Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government.
2. Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves.
3. What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year.
4. Kim Jong-un will play Santa this year in the South's annual pantomime. He said he fancied a Korea change.
5. Why did Donald Trump continuously decorate the Christmas tree? Because people kept saying “moron” to him.
6. Why was the planned Ryanair TV documentary scrapped? They were unable to air a pilot.
7. Which TV Christmas special is being filmed in Brussels this year? Deal Or No Deal.
8. Theresa May has asked Santa for a home makeover this year. First thing on the list was a new Cabinet.
9. What did Bruce Forsyth say when the Christmas pheasant repeated on him? “Good game, good game”.
10. Why did Jeremy Corbyn ask people not to eat sprouts on Christmas Day? He wants to give peas a chance.
Walmart is offering its 1.4 million employees in the U.S. a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school degrees or GEDs, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The retailer is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. All three have had success working with adult learners.
The retailer plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees. It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help to bridge high school and higher education. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
"We know training and learning opportunities empower associates to deliver for customers while growing and advancing in their careers," Walmart CEO Greg Foran said in a press release.
The move underscores how retailers, restaurant chains and other service businesses are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry-level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the corporate benefits league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
The college program follows Walmart's announcement in January that it wouldraise the starting wage for employees from $9 to $11 per hour and give some employees bonuses of up to $1,000.
Another sign of change in a tight labor market: Walmart is also considering loosening the dress code that employees at its roughly 5,000 U.S. stores are required to follow. Under a pilot for the new policy, workers at 100 stores are being allowed to wear blue jeans, provided they are solid blue, and may wear a solid-color shirt of their choosing, a company spokesman said. Walmart's current dress code only permits khaki-colored or black denim pants and solid blue or white shirts.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Over 85% of TAP steel pipes welded in Greece, Albania
2018-04-24 16:48 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
By Leman Zeynalova – Trend:
So far, 87 percent of steel pipes, or around 670 kilometers out of 765 kilometers of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) have been welded in Greece and Albania, said a message from TAP AG consortium.
“Construction work continues in the Albanian mountains. Skrapar is the area hosting the highest section of TAP (around 1,800 meters),” said the message.
TAP project, worth 4.5 billion euros, is one of the priority energy projects for the European Union (EU). The project envisages transportation of gas from Azerbaijan's Shah Deniz Stage 2 to the EU countries.
Connecting with the Trans Anatolian Pipeline (TANAP) at the Greek-Turkish border, TAP will cross Northern Greece, Albania and the Adriatic Sea before coming ashore in Southern Italy to connect to the Italian natural gas network.
Faisal Khawer Butt
Sialkot
A man was crushed on Monday to death under the wheels of a railway train near the Sialkot railway station. It is told that one Qadeer Ahmad (42) was crushed and fatally injured when hit by a train named ‘Lasani Express' while walking on the railway track.
Qadeer died immediately after the accident. The Railways police took the body in custody for examination and then handed over to the family. It is told that the deceased was a resident of Muhallah Muhammadpura and was as employ of the Sialkot Municipal Corporation.
INCHEON -- Hundreds of North Korea's propaganda leaflets have been found in this western port city, police said Tuesday, in the latest propaganda campaign carried out by the reclusive country amid escalating tensions in the Korean Peninsula.
Police said about 800 leaflets were found near an apartment complex in Incheon, west of Seoul, on Monday at around 11:10 p.m.
This provided photo shows North Korea's propaganda leaflets found in Samcheok, 290 kilometers east of Seoul, on April 15, 2017, glorifying the reclusive regime's late founder Kim Il-sung. The day marked the 105th birthday of Kim, the grandfather of the North's leader Kim Jong-un. (Yonhap)
They carried messages celebrating the 105th birthday of Kim Il-sung, the late founder of the country and the grandfather of leader Kim Jong-un.A resident from the apartment reported to police, saying a number of leaflets are falling from the sky, they said.On Saturday, the North celebrated the birthday by holding a military parade, showing off what appears to be a new intercontinental ballistic missile.Police said they have handed over the leaflets to the military for a more detailed examination.Some thousands of similar leaflets, glorifying the North Korean leader Kim, were also found late last month. (Yonhap)
The AfDB's New $12bn Electrification Programme
Until recently, the AfDB and other organisations regarded off-grid power provision as a stop-gap measure, designed to provide electricity to people until their homes were connected to the grid. However, the global boom in renewable energy technologies and the growing attraction of energy self sufficiency in the West has changed the way the concept is viewed.
10 players who witnessed the highest change in market value since January 2016
Some of the biggest names in the world of football have undergone a huge change in fortunes over the last 18 months.
@ShauryaVineet by Shaurya Vineet Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 09:05 IST
Which superstar has undergone the highest change in their market value?
The life of a footballer is a very complex one. One day you are the hero, the one who stole the show, everyone is asking about you, praising you, and the very next, no one wants to know who you are what you are doing, where you are going, or why you are going through what you are going. Life is cruel and it is worse for a footballer.
For all the love and adulation that a footballer gets for one good performance, there are a thousand more critics and a million more – so-called fans – who want them to fail. They want but a chance to see the player stumble, to show any signs of weakness for that will allow them to take digs at you, aiming to unsettle you, aiming to hinder your confidence. Well, not much can be done about that, we live in that kind of world.
£100 million transfer fees was a big thing in the past, not anymore and it won't be long before we see the first £150 million player. So without further ado, we take a look at the players who have witnessed the highest change in transfer values:
[To make things even, we have included 5 footballers whose transfer value has dipped the most and 5 whose transfer value has increased astronomically. All values are based on www.transfermarkt.com]
#10 Radamel Falcao – AS Monaco (Jan 2016: €35 million, Now: €15 million)
Decrease in value: €20 million
Ever since Radamel Falcao suffered the knee ligament injury in his first season at Stade Louis II, his transfer value has steadily declined. The Colombian missed out on the World Cup of 2014 due to his injury and was subsequently loaned out to Manchester United. However, he only managed to score 4 goals in 29 appearances for the Old Trafford outfit and the Red Devils opted against signing him on a permanent deal.
A loan to rivals Chelsea followed but Falcao failed spectacularly at Stamford Bridge too. The Colombian only managed to score 1 goal in the 12 appearances that he made for the Blues before eventually returning to where it all began – AS Monaco. Since then, he has guided the Stade Louis II outfit to the Ligue 1 title and also helped them reach the semi-final of the UEFA Champions League.
However, all that has not helped his market value, which has plummetted from €35 million at the start of 2016 to €15 million now.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hannah Spearritt is set to reprise her role as Kandice Taylor after impressing EastEnders bosses.
The former S Club 7 star, who starred in two episodes last year, proved popular with viewers during her short stint.
Feisty Kandice first appeared when sister Karen begged her for money, before driving into Albert Square in her posh motor and the cash.
Speaking to the Mirror Online in December, Hannah said she was "popping in for a short stint" but was open for a long-term stay.
EastEnders bosses were reportedly impressed with her performances and could offer a permanent role if she continues to prove popular with fans.
(Image: PA)
A telly source told The Sun : “Bosses were really impressed with Hannah's talent and energy.
“She went down well with fans and created a great buzz around the show. She has a positive, hard-working attitude, which was infectious.
“If she continues to prove popular, she could be a more permanent fixture. Plus her chemistry with the other actors works really well.”
(Image: BBC)
Hannah promised "explosive drama" and she wasn't lying, as the Taylor sisters had a heated argument in the street which ended up with money being thrown everywhere.
Speaking about her appearance in Walford last year, Hannah said: "It feels great. For me it was something that I watched when I was a kid, it was lawyers on the telly.
"It was something that I watched and thought I want to do that and be an actress.
"So it's awesome to have EastEnders on my CV and to be in the Square and all that stuff. It's so surreal to be in the Square."
*EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
Western Pleasure Super Sires to Accept Late Entries for the 4/5 YO Non Pro Trail
Western Pleasure Super Sires announced April 24th that they will accept late entries for the Non Pro 4/5YO Trail Class with a minimal late fee. Entries were due by April 10th for the event but will now be accepted up until May 18th at 3:00 PM which is the day before the class will show during the SOQHA Madness Show.
With a guaranteed first place check of $5,000 this is an event all non pro trail exhibitors will want to be entered in.
The remaining Western Pleasure Super Sire classes, (3YO Non Pro and Limited Non Pro Pleasure and Non Pro Yearling Longe Line) will be again held Saturday, June 30th 2018 during the Tom Powers Triple Challenge Futurity in Berrien Springs. Entries for these classes are due by June 10th.
The Western Pleasure Super Sires was developed to foster Western Pleasure riders of all skill levels in all competitions and support the breeding of quality bloodlines for future Western Pleasure show horses for those riders. The Western Pleasure Super Sires events showcase the offspring of this exclusive Western Pleasure stallion program for cash and other prizes in annual competition for Non Pro exhibitors. Western Pleasure Super Sires is committed to promoting modern Western Pleasure riding for all riders and quality Western Pleasure bloodlines for all breeds.
To learn more about this fantastic program, and to see if your horse is eligible to compete visit www.westernpleasuresupersires.com
Energy Eaton Launches New Software Tool to Help Utilities Simplify Integration of Distributed Energy Resources, Capacity Analysis and Growth Planning « Previous Forester Media • February 14, 2017
Power management company Eaton today announced a new software tool designed to help utilities of all sizes efficiently and accurately integrate distributed energy resources without adversely impacting reliability and power quality. The Integration Capacity Analysis module is one of the latest additions to Eaton's CYMETM software platform that provides customized electrical system studies that address customers' unique applications to reduce costs, increase efficiency and improve performance. Eaton will showcase the new software tool at the DistribuTECH Conference and Exhibition in San Diego from January 31 through February 2, 2017.
“Today's utilities are faced with growing energy demand amid accelerated distributed energy resource deployment and process interconnection requests,” said Daniel Desrosiers, general manager of CYME solutions at Eaton. “Our new CYME Integration Capacity Analysis module delivers accurate assessment of distribution system generation and load hosting capacity to quickly provide utilities with the knowledge needed to simplify current and future infrastructure growth challenges.”
Many communities are considering, researching, or implementing microgrid solutions. The underlying rationale often involves complex business, operational, and economic issues. See our FREE Special Report: Understanding Microgrids . Download it now!
The CYME Integration Capacity Analysis module is designed to reduce labor and human error by allowing engineers to run simulations without the use of manual tools. A minimum number of parameters, such as the maximum capacity to consider and the peak and minimum load conditions, are required before the assessment can be performed on a complete or partial model of the distribution system.
The maximum hosting capacity is then determined based on a set of user-defined thresholds referring to a list of criteria that includes thermal overloads, reverse power flow, abnormal steady-state voltages, transient voltage variations (flicker), reduction of protection reach and sympathetic tripping. The powerful reporting capabilities of the CYME software enable users to publish color-coded hosting capacity circuit maps to help customers and developers determine suitable locations for distributed energy resource (DER) interconnection projects.
Using its CYME software tools, Eaton's engineering team is providing turnkey solutions – from basic to complex, specialized studies – that rapidly identify the parameters critical in the design of specific installations or complete networks. Turnkey solutions include network modeling, initial network performance diagnostics and a wide range of power engineering studies, ranging from transient phenomenon to strategic investment plans.
Through electrical system studies, Eaton also provides recommendations for opportunities in asset and load management, reliability improvements and voltage and losses optimization. Using simulations, Eaton is also providing customers with a cost effective way to assess the potential impact of new technologies on their networks. To learn more, visit www.eaton.com/cyme.
Eaton's electrical business is a global leader with expertise in power distribution and circuit protection; backup power protection; control and automation; lighting and security; structural solutions and wiring devices; solutions for harsh and hazardous environments; and engineering services. Eaton is positioned through its global solutions to answer today's most critical electrical power management challenges.
Eaton is a power management company with approximately 95,000 employees. The company provides energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton sells products to customers in more than 175 countries. For more information, visit www.eaton.com.
The Boston Celtics did not always do great things Friday night. They may need to remember it's necessary to defend shooters behind the arc, especially in the corners where the line rests a little bit closer to the rim. They probably should have thought more often, "Oh, hey, that dude's standing by himself in the range where he'll get an extra point, we might want to try stopping him."
But if the Celtics' first two preseason outings have taught us anything, it's that they should be plenty entertaining as they learn how to piece together a brand-new puzzle. As they took down the Philadelphia 76ers, 110-102, to move to 2-0 in the exhibition schedule, the Celtics benefited from a smooth Jayson Tatum start, a powerful Gordon Hayward stretch, a monster Kyrie Irving quarter, and the typically competitive stylings of Marcus Smart, who collected three steals in the backcourt, which humans don't usually do.
Head coach Brad Stevens' team hasn't figured everything out. That's obvious. But it's also clear the Celtics are young, skilled and versatile, with a lot of dudes who can do helpful basketball things. They went from Tatum pumping in buckets in his first start to Hayward showing off his all-around skills to Irving burning the nets, and then Smart did this in the second half of a preseason game because he will never listen to anyone telling him the results don't count:
Back to his old tricks [?] pic.twitter.com/Aze5oYMAyz -- Boston Celtics (@celtics) October 7, 2017
I'll have more later on the specifics, but Irving finished with 21 points on 7-for-14 shooting, including 5-for-7 from behind the arc. Smart (11 points, four rebounds, three assists, three steals) had his second straight strong showing after losing a lot of weight this summer. The Celtics hit a bunch of 3-pointers, surrendered even more 3-pointers, forced a world of turnovers, and never really stopped scoring until the subs came in to finish off the game.
The 76ers were without most of their talented young core -- Markelle Fultz, Dario Saric and Joel Embiid all missed this one -- so put an asterisk on this win if you wish. But it's preseason, so the record doesn't matter anyway. The Celtics are learning each other, playing some fun basketball and offering a peek at what they might become. Bigger challenges will come, but they've delivered a promising start to the preseason.
WINTER WARNING: Coffs Harbour Fire Station has plenty of safety tips for every member of the family.
WINTER brings the biggest fire danger around the home if not prepared.
On the Coffs Coast alone, Fire and Rescue NSW recorded 28 residential fires in 2016 with a flame or heat source left unattended as the contributing cause.
Kitchen fires are the largest single cause of house fires in the state and last year represented 45% of all residential fires and 34% of injuries.
Coffs Harbour Station Officer Sally Foote urged the installation of a smoke alarm if one is not already fitted.
"These are absolutely essential and prove time and again they save lives," she said.
"Technology has come a long way and the new alarms have a lithium battery with a 10-year life so you don't need to keep changing them all the time.
"However, we still are happy to come out and change a battery for our elderly or infirm residents and it's just a matter of contacting your nearest fire station for assistance."
Station Officer Foote warned of the dangers of leaving fires and heaters burning overnight or while unattended.
"Leave plenty of clearance around the heater and be very wary of using them to dry clothes," she added.
"We can offer plenty of advice if you call us or drop into your local fire station."
Leading insurer Suncorp is also urging residents to take precautions against the risk of fire this winter with new research revealing a significant spike in home fire claims during the cooler months.
Analysis of Suncorp's NSW home claims from 2011 to 2016 show fires during winter increase by 47% compared to summer and 29% compared to autumn.
Nairobi
Kenya's Dennis Ng'ang'a has uploaded over 10 photos of his pinky finger bearing a dark purplish blue mark on his facebook page, a proof that he took part in country's historic elections on Aug. 8.
It was Ng'ang'a's first time to take part in a general election and he is not taking it for granted.
The first-time voter is capitalizing on the situation to send a message to fellow youth and the 19-year-old felt that casting his vote is in itself a milestone.
He achieved his singular mission of electing his preferred leaders at all levels of government.
The next step, he says, is making the leaders deliver on their promises. He plans to do so on social media platforms where majority of newly elected leaders are members.
Ng'ang'a is among millions of Kenyan millennials who took part in the general election for the first time and if numbers do not lie, the country's political landscape is headed for a change with the youth becoming more assertive on the kind of leaders they want.
Even though some of the leaders that Ng'ang'a voted for did not make it, he's happy that a Constituency in central business district of Nairobi where he voted, his favorite lawmaker and a renowned artiste has made it to the August House.—Xinhua
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
BMW unveiled the racing version of its yet-to-be-revealed 8-Series coupe during September's 2017 Frankfurt auto show.
The version shown was the M8 GTE, BMW's entry for the World Endurance Championship which includes the famous 24 Hours of Le Mans. That's right, folks. BMW is returning to Le Mans.
An M8 GT Le Mans (GTLM) race car is also in the works, in this case for the IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship, where it will replace the previous M6-based race car. Here we see it during the past weekend's public test at Daytona International Speedway in preparation for the competition debut next month in the 2018 24 Hours of Daytona. A private test had already taken place at Homestead Miami Speedway last week.
On both occasions, the car was supervised by BMW Team RLL, which will be fielding it throughout the 2018 season. John Edwards and Connor De Phillippi took to the wheel at Daytona while Martin Tomczyk drove it at Homestead.
2020 BMW 8-Series spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Power in both the M8 GTLM and M8 GTE race cars comes from a new 4.0-liter twin-turbocharged V-8. BMW says the engine has been derived from the 4.4-liter mill found in road cars like the latest M5. It develops a nominal base output of more than 500 horsepower, depending on the classification, and drive is to the rear wheels via 6-speed sequential transmission.
The weight of the cars, meanwhile, is down to just 2,690 pounds thanks to the extensive use of carbon fiber in the construction.
Even for non-motorsport fans, the M8 race car gives us our best look yet at the road-going 8-Series, specifically the M8 model, launching in 2018. This is especially true for the grille shape, lights and profile.
As mentioned, the competition debut for the M8 GTLM is the 24 Hours of Daytona, which runs the weekend start January 27. The M8 GTE's first race will be the 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps next May. The race is the season opener for the new 2018/2019 “super season” of the WEC.
TORONTO — A number of laws passed by Ontario's previous Liberal government have been put on hold by the newly elected Progressive Conservative regime, including measures to tighten rules around vaping and to cap resale values for sports and concert tickets.
A spokesman for the Progressive Conservatives said Wednesday the new government, which was sworn on Friday, wants more time to consult and examine the laws before they come into effect.
Simon Jefferies said the government will delay the implementation of new rules around vaping, which would have regulated the activity in much the same way as smoking.
"The government will work with the public, experts, and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians' health and safety," he said in a statement.
Halting the new regulations will not change the current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act, he said.
Maria Papaioannoy-Duic, spokeswoman for the Vapor Advocates of Ontario, lauded Premier Doug Ford and new Health Minister Christine Elliott for the move.
Vaping advocates have argued that the activity is safer than smoking and moves people from the toxic chemicals found in tobacco to an alternative, which can help them break their habit.
"We're excited that the government ... (has) recognized our efforts and have paused the implementation of these regulations," she said in a statement. "We have the utmost confidence that they are going to look at the regulations based on science and not guesswork."
The government also confirmed Wednesday it has delayed a law which would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value will not immediately move ahead.
"The previous government attempted to institute a cap on ticket resales with no way to enforce that cap, resulting in less consumer protection," Jefferies said. "We have paused the implementation of this section until we can review this provision in full to make sure it is in the best interest of Ontarians."
Re: Pride flag removed from Mount Forest school, June 13 Pride flag removed from Mount Forest school, June 13 I was extremely disappointed when I read about Wellington Heights Secondary School (WHSS) in Mount Forest removing the Pride flag from the school's flagpole. Put yourself in the shoes of a young LGBTQ person attending the school. During Pride Month, a flag celebrating the struggles and accomplishments of the gay-rights movement is summarily removed, based on complaints centred around federal flag protocol, reinforcing the idea that your identity is somehow less worthy of respect and celebration. For LGBTQ-identifying teens, the idea of merely accepting one's self — let alone being proud — can be wrenching. LGBTQ youth are four times more likely to attempt suicide than their heterosexual peers. Rates of self-harm and mental illness are significantly higher among gay youth. In Toronto, it is estimated that one in five homeless youth identify as LGBTQ, twice the rate of all age groups. These appalling facts should give us all pause.
Article Continued Below
Meanwhile, the Pride flag flies high on Parliament Hill, Queen's Park and countless other city halls, schools and public places across the country. This school's motto is: Pride, Respect, Friendship. When I graduated from WHSS just 11 years ago, the existence of a social-equity group would not have been contemplated, and I did not appreciate what Pride would eventually come to symbolize for me. As a WHSS alumnus and gay person, I am proud of all that has been accomplished since I walked the halls. But we clearly have a long way to go.
The Upper Grand District School Board would be wise to immediately reverse course and apologize in a strong statement of solidarity with LGBTQ students, staff and allies who have so clearly articulated what seems to escape some at the board and in the community. “Our efforts in raising a Pride flag cannot go unnoticed,” said 17-year-old WHSS student Georgia Mills. I assure you, they have not. Scott Cherry, 2006 WHSS Grad, Toronto I am deeply disappointed that a complaint, and ultimately the cowardice of the Upper Grand District School Board to stand up for what is right and reasonable, will translate into a manifestation of intolerance and homophobia in our community. Perhaps those who complained got what they wanted through a technicality. But they are not going to stop our small-town community from living in the 21st century. We will stand up for inclusiveness, as our students surely have shown. James Craig, 2007 WHSS grad, Wellington North, Ont.
It's officially summer and for most people that means fun, vacations, and poolside drinks. But for Texans, summer means one thing... unbearable heat.
Well, we've got a list of some great ways to stick it to that Texas sun and enjoy all your favorite summer activities:
Dive-in Movie Nights:
The Fairmont is offering classic drive-in movie nights, where guests can enjoy family-friendly movies:
06/09 - Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (PG-13)
06/23 - Peter Rabbit (PG)
07/07 - Wonder Woman (PG-13)
07/21 - The Mummy (PG-13)
08/04 - Batman and Harley Quinn (PG-13)
08/18 - Leap! (PG)
09/01 - Paddington 2 (PG)
09/15 - My Little Pony Movie (PG)
09/23 - Early Man (PG)
Paws in the Pool-ooza Party:
(Saturday, August 11, 2018 10:00 am-2:00 pm)
Cedar Hill's Crawford Park Pool is throwing their annual Paws in the Pool-ooza Party where owners and their four-legged friends can spend an afternoon cooling-off pool side.
And, If you're looking for a quick road trip for an aquatic getaway:
1. Guadalupe River State Park
2. Son's Island
3. Jacob's Well
4. Hamilton Pool
5. Concan/Frio River
6. Krause Springs
7. Sewell Park in San Marcos
8. Comal River
9. Canyon Lake
10. San Pedro Park
11. Landa Park
12. Barton Springs
Via KSAT
Celebrities ‘Stand with Keaton' to support bullied boy with words of encouragement
Justin Bieber, Chris Evans among stars stepping up to help bullied boy
By KELLY MCCARTHY
ABC News – A young boy's emotional viral video about being bullied at school has captured the attention of many top celebrities who are speaking up on social media to “Stand with Keaton” in a show of support.
Musicians, actors, TV personalities and all-star athletes have all responded to Keaton Jones' video on social media using the trending # StandwithKeaton. From movie premier invitations to boxing lessons with a professional MMA fighter, the messages are continually flooding in.
Actors/Actresses
“Star Wars” star Mark Hamill encouraged Keaton saying the bullies are “just jealous because you're so smart and handsome.”
Keaton-Don't waste time wondering why a bully would be so mean-They're sad people who think hurting others will make them feel better because they really don't like themselves-They're just jealous because you're so smart & handsome❤️Your friend-mh https://t.co/SUMw3OoCTm — @HamillHimself (@HamillHimself) December 10, 2017
Chris Evans said “stay strong Keaton” and promised it will get better before inviting him to attend the next premiere of his hit film “The Avengers.”
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Hailee Steinfeld said, “I think you are amazing and what makes you so special is that there is only one you.” She then invited Keaton to be her date at the “Pitch Perfect 3” movie premier next week and asked him to message her to sort out the details.
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
“Stranger Things” star Millie Bobby Brown tweeted she would love to be his friend telling Keaton he is “freakin awesome.”
Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome ❤️ https://t.co/LD7Q762bL9 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) December 9, 2017
Musicians
Rapper Snoop Dogg responded to the video clip on Instagram writing, “Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate.”
Musicians
Rapper Snoop Dogg responded to the video clip on Instagram writing, “Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate.”
Singer and songwriter Charlie Puth posted a series of tweets relating to the young boy.
Keaton Jones- I was bullied for most of my life and I would ask the same questions to my mom. But if you stay close with your family like I — Charlie Puth (@charlieputh) December 11, 2017
you will come out stronger than ever. They love you unconditionally. These weak and small minded people bullying you right now are no — Charlie Puth (@charlieputh) December 11, 2017
match for your advanced and brilliant mind. And when they ask for your autograph one day, just tell them you don't have time like I did. — Charlie Puth (@charlieputh) December 11, 2017
Justin Beiber replied, “You got a friend in me Lil bro! Hit me on dm and we can chat!!! Love you buddy!!”
Justin Beiber replied, “You got a friend in me Lil bro! Hit me on dm and we can chat!!! Love you buddy!!”
Katy Perry also reposted the video clip with the caption, “This broke my heart today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton”
Demi Lovato tweeted her support with the hashtag encouraging Keaton that he is not alone.
I #StandwithKeaton. Keaton baby, just know you're not alone. There are so many people who come out of bullying so much stronger and you will be one of them!! God bless you sweetheart. https://t.co/LdCAy2lDHu — Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) December 11, 2017
TV Personalities
Ryan Seacrest tweeted a message saying Keaton's kindness will overcome this moment and bring better days.
#KeatonJones, your curiosity and kindness will overcome this moment and bring you many better days to come. #StandWithKeaton https://t.co/8t4ojKLs72 — Ryan Seacrest (@RyanSeacrest) December 10, 2017
“The Chew” co-host and chef Mario Batali would like to give Keaton support and advice.
Hey Jamie. Dm a contact or email for Keaton's Family i will contact him with some support and advice https://t.co/qGkGSQhaJv — Mario Batali (@Mariobatali) December 11, 2017
Professional Athletes
NBA star LeBron James
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Cleveland Cavaliers player JR Smith offered Keaton attend one of their basketball games.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
UFC star Dana White invited him to swing by the Las Vegas training headquarters to hang out.
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
Tennessee Titans star Delanie Walker and former NFL player Donte Stallworth
My brother just offered Keaton Jones and his family 4 tickets to watch the @Titans play on December 31st! 🙏🏿 https://t.co/LPmSm4FxAZ — Donté Stallworth (@DonteStallworth) December 9, 2017
Retired NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. would like to be added to Keaton's growing list of friends.
This is heartbreaking. But the response of support for him is a beautiful thing. Add me to your long list of friends Keaton. https://t.co/NKasvdo00u — Ralph Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) December 10, 2017
11 time NBA champion Bill Russell sympathized and related to Keaton.
Meet Keaton, he is one of many! Thank you for the video you will help a lot of people. I too was bullied, my family is what made me strong & got me through. YOU are my hero please RT get story out #NBA @Lawrence #StandWithKeaton @Lakyn_Jones #KeatonStrong pic.twitter.com/ZE0WFDntgq — TheBillRussell (@RealBillRussell) December 11, 2017
Keaton's sister Lakyn has shared as many of the posts with her brother as possible and tweeted that she is quickly trying to send replies.
Thank you everyone for the support for my family. My twitter is blowing up and im sorry I can't get to everyone's tweets! — Lakyn 🎄 (@Lakyn_Jones) December 10, 2017
Michigan's Speaker of the House has his eye on a new government position for 2019.
Tom Leonard, R-DeWitt, announced Thursday he is running for state Attorney General. Leonard is in his third term as a State Representative.
“I have fought for conservative reforms and to hold government accountable,” Leonard said in an announcement video. “No matter who I may have upset.”
In the video, Leonard lists issues he has worked on, including attempts at an income tax rollback and increased transparency in the Legislature.
Speaking with reporters after House Session, Leonard said he fights for his constituents and wants to keep doing that.
“I can think of no better, no person in the state of Michigan that is better positioned to fight for the people of the state than that of the Attorney General,” he said.
Leonard is a former assistant Attorney General and Genesee County prosecutor.
“Certainly it puts me in a position where I'm uniquely qualified,” Leonard said.
Current Republican Attorney General Bill Schuette is term limited and running for governor.
Leonard is the second Republican to announce his candidacy. He joins state Senator Tonya Schuitmaker. For the Democrats, defense attorney Dana Nessel and former U.S. Attorney Pat Miles are running.
There isn't a primary vote for Attorney General. Who the public gets to vote for is decided at each party's convention next year.
One of the things we do at the Indicator is stolen stuff we like from other podcasts. Today, we're stealing from Tyler Cowen. He's an economist and public intellectual who has his own podcast (of course).
It's an interview show, and in the middle of every episode Tyler does this thing we love: He goes through a list of subjects and asks the guest to say whether each subject is overrated or underrated, and to explain why.
On today's show, we turn the tables on Tyler and play overrated/underrated with him. Topics include bitcoin, the stock market as a measure of the economy, podcasts, and science fiction.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rising oil costs are expected to push up petrol pump prices for another three months.
Drivers already pay 4p more for unleaded and 5p extra for diesel than in October.
That's an average rise of 1.34p a month to 122.24p a litre for petrol and 1.56p to 125p for diesel.
The RAC's Simon Williams said: “Motorists have had to endure their third consecutive monthly increase at the pumps.
“Both petrol and diesel are at their highest for three years and it's bound to be denting household budgets.”
(Image: PA)
The blow comes after the price of oil jumped to $70 a barrel for the first time in three years.
And bankers Goldman Sachs predict it will hit $80 by July – if the pound goes down it could be worse.
The bank said: “Higher demand in America and oil OPEC nations slashing output by 1.2 million barrels a day has tipped it over the $70 mark.”
Weymouth & Portland Borough Council is working in partnership with Dorset Wildlife Trust and Natural England to restore Verne Common Local Nature Reserve.
Verne Common Local Nature Reserve forms an important greenspace for local people, as well as being of national importance for a number of wildlife species which exist on the site. The site is designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest and as such has legal protection.
In 2014 Weymouth & Portland Borough Council signed up to a Higher Level Stewardship agreement awarded through Natural England, in order to gain funds to help towards the management of the site.
Jeff Cant, Leader of Weymouth & Portland Borough Council and Briefholder for Finance and Assets, said:
“We are committed to restoring the site and delighted to be able to make a major contribution of £100,000 to this work on behalf of the community and take works forward with Dorset Wildlife Trust, who have demonstrated strong interest in seeing the best for this site.
“Restoring the nature reserve will make the best use of the area and enable residents and visitors to further enjoy a beautiful part of Portland.”
Planned scrub reduction will be carried out through goat, pony and sheep grazing which will allow the habitat to flourish. The borough council is seeking to involve the public in the
ongoing management of the reserve and is looking for public participation through a volunteer common shepherding scheme. Training in shepherding and stock health will be provided to volunteers who are interested in getting involved in the project.
An information drop-in day is being held on Tuesday 21 February at the Brackenbury Centre in Fortuneswell from noon until 7pm.
The drop-in session will, provide information on plans to fully restore the site, detail the various stages of the project and provide a chance for residents and visitors to speak with the council and Dorset Wildlife Trust and ask any questions about the project.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LORDS VALLEY — A Senate committee will hold a public hearing today to assess what worked and what didn't during the 48-day manhunt to capture cop killer Eric Frein.
The Senate Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committee will hold the hearing at 10:30 a.m. at the Pike County Training Center, 135 Pike County Blvd., according to a press release.
Frein, 34, was convicted on April 19 of first-degree murder and 11 other offenses for killing Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson II of Dunmore and wounding Trooper Alex T. Douglass of Olyphant. The Sept. 12, 2014 attack launched a manhunt that spanned Pike and Monroe counties.
Members of the state police and emergency response personnel will be among those offering testimony at today's hearing.
— FRANK WILKES LESNEFSKY
The Serious Fraud Office, which the governing Tory party had pledged to abolish, has escaped closure under an overhaul of the UK's economic crime-fighting strategy announced by Home Secretary Amber Rudd today.
In its manifesto, published in May this year, the party had outlined plans to incorporate the SFO — the UK's unit that counters white-collar and economic crime — into the wider criminal investigation agency, the National Crime Agency.
...
The sixth edition of the Karbonn Smartphones Karnataka Premier League, powered by Cycle Pure Agarbathies, will begin with the clash between Hubli Tigers and Belagavi Panthers at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru on 1 September. The tournament will be played over 19 days and comprise 24 matches over three venues at Mysuru and Huballi, apart from Bengaluru.
Bengaluru Blasters, the newest franchise in the seven-team KPL, will begin their campaign against Mysuru Warriors on 2 September, before the tournament shifts base to Mysuru the following day.
The first clash in Mysuru, at the S.D.N.R Wadiyar Ground, will pit the home side against Bijapur Bulls on 4 September, before the defending champions, Ballari Tuskers, begin their defence against Namma Shivamogga the next day.
The clash between Bengaluru Blasters and Hubli Tigers on 6 September will be an afternoon match, commencing at 1500 IST, due to the Twenty20 International between India and Sri Lanka being played later that day.
In all, 12 matches will be played in Mysuru before the base shifts to Hubbali on 13 September, with the KSCA Rajnagar Stadium playing host for the final leg of the tournament, comprising ten matches including the semi-finals and the final on 23 September.
The sides finishing in the top four positions after the league phase will qualify for the semi-finals. The team that finishes first on the points table will take on the fourth-placed team in the first semi-final on 20 September. The other semi-final, between the second and third-placed teams, will be played on 22 September.
Break days will be observed on 3, 17 and 21 September as India play Sri Lanka and Australia in One-Day Internationals. There will be a total of five match days with double-headers on 8, 9, 10, 16 and 19 September when the afternoon matches will start at 1500 IST and the evening games commence at 1900 IST.
The Karbonn Smartphones KPL 2017, powered by Cycle Pure Agarbathies, will be played in the memory of S.D.N.R Wadiyar, the former president of the KSCA and the scion of the Mysore royal family. The tournament is the brainchild of former Indian cricketer Brijesh Patel and he has been instrumental in the successful implementation of it.
Russell Brand doesn't compare his wife Laura Gallacher to former spouse Katy Perry.
The 42-year-old actor tied the knot with Laura in August - almost six years after he split from Katy, 32, - and Russell insisted that he is now a completely different person than he was during his first marriage.
Speaking to Us Weekly, he said: "I've changed a lot in the last five years. I don't compare my relationships now to previous relationships out of respect to my present wife and to Katy Perry. I think I'm an easier person to be with now. I'm also in a very different situation. I'm dependent on my wife. In relationships, there is always going to be a level of dependency. But I try not to project my problems onto other people and perhaps I've not always been like that."
Russell - who welcomed daughter Mabel with Laura in November 2016 - also opened up about his previous heroin and the sex addiction which took over his life after he got clean.
He said: "By the time I took heroin, I was just a person who really liked things that affected the way I felt, that changed the way I felt. And it felt good. People don't take drugs because drugs are bad. People take drugs because drugs are fantastic. The problem is that drugs don't deal with the root problem. It doesn't treat the pain. You can't take heroin all day everyday like I did. It got me into trouble.
"When I became sexually aware as a teenager, I got very obsessive about sex and women and pornography. So the problem around sex was present back then. I was very uncomfortable with my body, so my problems were around porn and food. Then I took drugs between 16 and 19 and then heroin. I lost a lot of weight and moved from the suburbs into the city. Women were now attracted to me. I went sort of crazy with that. The sexual addiction, for me, was worse when I was clean. I think for about five, 10 years it was really bad. Listen, I'm lucky. I was famous. I'm heterosexual. I'm attracted to adult, human females. It's not complicated. I don't have any weird tastes. It was a good position to be in if you have that particular problem."
Daryl Powell admitted his Castleford Tigers players were second-best in many of departments after they were edged out by St Helens at Langtree Park.
Saints delivered a fine first-half display before holding off a spirited Tigers fightback to hand stand-in boss Jamahl Lolesi his first win since Keiron Cunningham's departure.
Castleford's Ben Roberts scored two tries. Picture: Alex Whitehead/SWpix.com
Matty Fleming, Luke Douglas and Mark Percival all crossed as the hosts took a 20-8 lead into the interval, while Regan Grace's try with 12 minutes left proved decisive.
Greg Eden and Ben Roberts both touched down twice for Castleford, who suffered only their second defeat of the campaign.
“In the first half we just got beaten for attitude and energy,” Tigers' head coach Powell.
“We started okay but their speed at the play the ball was far superior to ours.
We were just not right in between our ears today. We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Castleford Tigers' head coach, Daryl Powell
“We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Weight of posession at Easter is always going to be crucial – and we were on the wrong end of it.
“We were just not right in between our ears today. I said to the boys at half-time that we needed to keep them out if we were to go on and win - but we didn't manage to do it.”
Powell also dismissed claims that Grace had fumbled the ball over the line for the killer try.
He added: “The fans thought the try at the end was a knock-on. But it's a try isn't it? We have to improve and we will have to respond. The boys are disappointed. We haven't won here for a long time and we thought we could have done that today.”
Saints caretaker coach Sean Long couldn't hide his delight at the effort shown by his players just days after the sacking of head coach Keiron Cunningham.
““I'm really pleased with the effort and energy,” said Long.
“The boys turned up and it was a short turnaround following the game against Wigan.
“We found a way to win and Cas are a class team – to beat them is pleasing.”
St Helens: Makinson, Swift, Fleming, Percival, Grace, Fages, Smith, Amor, Lee, Walmsley, Taia, Wilkin, Thompson. Substitutes: Douglas, Walker, Peyroux, Knowles.
Castleford Tigers: Hardaker, Minikin, Webster, Shenton, Eden, Roberts, Gale, Lynch, McShane, Moors, Millington, McMeeken, Massey. Substitutes:Holmes, Milner, Sene-Lefao, Cook.
Referee: Chris Campbell (RFL).
There are millions of great apps on the Google Play Store, so it can be tough for apps to get noticed and pick up the traction they deserve. That's one of the reasons why Google runs a yearly "Google Play Award" system, where it picks a couple dozen apps to highlight for outstanding design, user experience, performance, innovation and overall quality. Google just released the full list of nominees for the award, which in itself is a huge deal for these developers, but at Google I/O 2018 we'll see the actual award winners.
Here are all of the nominated apps, divided up by category — there are nine categories in total, and five nominees for each one.
Standout well-being app
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Radamel Falcao believes England had a refereeing advantage against Colombia in their World Cup last-16 clash.
The former Manchester United and Chelsea forward, claims the referee's ability to speak English means "bias was certain", and essentially benefited the Three Lions' quarter-final charge.
American referee Mark Geiger had a busy night as Colombia racked up six cards for everything from a headbutt to cynical fouls to break up play, as the South American nation did their utmost to rattle England.
But unlike in previous tournaments where English players have failed to keep their calm and have instead reacted poorly to provocation, Gareth Southgate's men rose above Colombia's tactics and ultimately prevailed.
(Image: AFP)
Speaking to the press after the match, Falcao hit out at the referee, saying: "I found it peculiar that they put an American referee in this instance.
"To tell you the truth, the process leaves a lot of doubts. He only spoke English, some bias was certain."
Falcao wasn't the only one who had something to say about the match official, following the fixture. Diego Maradona - failing to see the irony - also had something to say about the American.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I saw a monumental theft," said the Argentine. "I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
"It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame. A man like that [Geiger] should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
(Image: PA)
"With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, he is very bad. He must apologise to the Colombian people.
"I told (FIFA president) Gianni Infantino that if I worked for FIFA I would change everything. It has to be transparent. That's why I didn't go there.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"The referee will know a lot about baseball, but he has no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR and he did not give it to them.
"Twice the English threw themselves to the ground and he did not admonish them. This was theft."
Michael Sheen and David Tennant are headed to Amazon in a new series called Good Omens that sounds too good (and evil) to be true.
Set in 2018 when the apocalypse is nigh, Good Omens is based on a novel by Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett, and it tells the story of the angel Aziraphale and the demon Crowley (simmer down Supernatural fans, not that Crowley).
But what happens when two paragons of good and evil decide that they kind of like Earth the way it is and would rather avoid the inevitable apocalypse? They team up to keep the antichrist in check, of course.
David Tennant Will Return for Jessica Jones Season 2
It seems someone was paying attention to how deliciously evil David Tennant's mean streak was in Netflix's Jessica Jones because Tennant has been cast to play the wicked demon to Michael Sheen's angel in this new six-part series.
"I first read Good Omens as a teenager and it's been one of my favourite stories ever since," Sheen said in a statement to Variety. "To be part of the team entrusted with bringing it alive on screen is a bit of a dream come true to be honest. To work alongside Neil Gaiman, who I think is one of the greatest storytellers of all time, is incredibly exciting. And, just like the rest of the world, I'm a huge fan of David's so I relish trying to save it with him."
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
Bond, who has been carrying a battered old copy of the Leap Manifesto around in her pocket as she organizes across the United States, says there is a natural alliance between Sanders supporters and the people who have lined up behind Leap in Canada and Corbyn in Britain.
“Courage to Leap” is the title of the Feb. 15 event, and the marquee speakers are disrupters themselves from the nations of Donald Trump and Brexit. Among them: Becky Bond, a senior adviser to Sanders and co-author of Rules for Revolutionaries; Emma Rees and Adam Klug from the Momentum U.K. movement; and Marsha De Cordova, a Labour MP and Corbyn's shadow minister for disabled people.
That leftist movement — led by prominent Canadian activists Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis — will stir things up whether the current NDP leader, Jagmeet Singh, likes it or not.
For the past two years, the Leap Manifesto has been a disruptive force within New Democratic Party politics. Now, on the eve of the federal NDP convention this month, top organizers for U.S. Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders and British Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn are coming to town to lend the Leap movement support.
“There's so many similar themes and parallels, both in terms of the kind of society we want to achieve and in what we're trying to build,” Klug said.
In the U.K. this week, Klug and Rees of Momentum — a “grassroots campaigning network” that arose out of Corbyn's leadership campaign — were getting ready to make their first trip to Canada.
“It's not just a movement in the United States,” Bond said in an interview with the Star. “It's a movement that includes people from Canada and the U.K. and other countries. I'm going there (to Ottawa) for connections. I'm there to learn what I need to learn so that next time we don't fall short and that we win.”
Corbyn's showing in last year's snap British elections — 40 per cent of the popular vote — is proof that a populist-left manifesto can translate into electoral success for parties willing to take the risk, says Rees.
“In the space of just over six weeks Labour made an absolutely historic comeback,” Rees said. “The manifesto was incredibly popular … it really disproved that conventional wisdom, that you can't put forward a bold, transformative manifesto.”
The “Courage to Leap” event, to be held at the Museum of Nature, is not formally on the schedule of the NDP convention that gets under way in Ottawa on Feb. 16, but its organizers intend it to be a scene setter, and a provocative one at that. The event's title is an amalgam of its two hosts: the Leap movement, and the Edmonton-based “Courage” organization, which calls itself a coalition of the independent left “trying to bridge the divide between movement and electoral politics.”
Much has changed since Leap was last shaking things up in the NDP — the party has a new leader, Singh, who took over last fall. As well, Trump has become president of the United States and Britain has voted to get out of the European Union. These latter two developments — a surge of populism on the right — are being seen as an even stronger argument for a progressive populism of the left.
Moreover, says Avi Lewis, Canada has now seen two full years of government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau — two years that have seen the unravelling of some of his progressive promises, whether on electoral reform or protecting the environment. So for all these reasons, neither he nor Klein are expecting to get the same kind of backlash they received in Edmonton.
“It is a different moment,” says Lewis. “I think the ground has shifted dramatically in the country.”
The Leap Manifesto is a declaration, fewer than 1,500 words in total, calling for some sweeping policies to deal with global problems such as climate change, and income inequality. Among the recommendations are an end to all pipelines and international trade deals, as well as calls for national child care program and studies into a basic, guaranteed income.
It first landed in the midst of the 2015 election campaign, right around the time that NDP leader Thomas Mulcair's fortunes were beginning to slide in the polls — going from the likely next prime minister in August, to third-place finisher in October that year. Many of the more centrist or pragmatic folks in the NDP accused Leap of undermining the party's chance at power, scaring off Canadians who feared the “radical left.”
Leap returned to the NDP convention in Edmonton in April 2016, where Mulcair was toppled in a leadership review. The movement, and its champions, had a similarly rough ride in Edmonton — Alberta Premier Rachel Notley made it abundantly clear that its ideas weren't welcome.
“Those ideas will never form any part of our policy. They are naive, they are ill-informed and they are tone-deaf,” said Notley, who saw Leap as undoing all the work she had done to make the party acceptable to the all-important resource sector of Alberta.
Still, a majority of NDP members voted in Edmonton to study the policies in the Leap Manifesto, and in an EKOS poll a few months later — one that Lewis is fond of quoting — a full 40 per cent of respondents said they could get behind the ideas in the declaration.
It's that “ideas” thing that Bond has been emphasizing when she is out organizing in the United States. The people who united behind Bernie Sanders were there for what he was saying — the radical shakeup he was proposing, Bond said.
“It really wasn't about Bernie,” she says. “It really was about a movement of people that are really ready for big change and being able to tap into all of those people and work together to make the change, whether the politicians have it on the agenda or not.”
The ideas linking Leap, Momentum and the Sanders campaign are large ones: fighting climate change, the power of banks and corporations and income inequality. They are all focused too on mobilizing volunteers with real tasks and duties — Bond has written extensively about how political organization leans too much on staff and too little on volunteers.
She carries the Leap Manifesto around with her as a tool of persuasion — to show Americans that the ideas transcend national boundaries. It was Klein herself who gave the paper to Bond, when they met up not long after the U.S. election. Bond was still coming to grips with a momentous time in U.S. politics. While Trump had won and Democrats had lost, the Sanders campaign had galvanized a lot of people. Trump in the White House is serving as a daily reminder of the need for a progressive populism.
“When I was handed the Leap Manifesto I saw that this was also happening in Canada . . . a movement of people organizing themselves, not behind a politician, but behind a set of ideas that we could fight for,” said Bond.
Rees and Klug make the same point about Corbyn; that policies, not personalities, are what build populist movements. Yet personality and celebrity seems to drive so much of politics these days — at least when it comes to traditional media.
Which brings us to Trudeau. These activists from the United States and Britain have been naturally curious about this Liberal leader who campaigned to the left of Mulcair (fiscally at least) and who sold progressive hope and change, with much of the same kind of sweeping rhetoric as the Leap Manifesto.
Watching Trudeau in power, however, the activists are reminded of other politicians in their own countries, who raised the hopes of the progressive left and then let them down.
For Rees and Klug, that's Tony Blair. Trudeau reminds Klug of the former prime minister of Britain, who came to office in the late 1990s with his “Third Way” politics but turned out to be just another pragmatic politician, averse to the big change he once championed.
Klug sees a bit of that in Trudeau, particularly, “the whole approach to politics as more top-down or impressive sound bites and spin … appearing to be a likeable character, but not one who invites mass participation in the political process.” That could be a description of Blair or Trudeau, he says.
From Bond's vantage point in the United States, the difference between Trudeau the campaigner and Trudeau in office reminds her of none other than Barack Obama. While Canadians on the left may see that as a compliment, it is not exactly meant that way in Sanders's circles. The Sanders campaign, in fact, had been seen as the product of Democratic disenchantment with politics as usual as it was practised by Obama, and before that, Bill (and Hillary) Clinton.
With what is clearly a trademark bluntness, Bond describes the Trudeau-Obama comparison this way:
“I think that we are much faster to catch on to the fact that Trudeau wasn't the reformer that people had hoped, and that what's happening in Canada right now is going to be a bit of a replay of the disappointment that progressives experienced when we elected and re-elected Barack Obama.”
This is the kind of thing that Avi Lewis is talking about when he describes Canada as being in a “different moment” today than it was in April 2016, when Leap landed at the NDP convention. Back then, the Trudeau government was still in its honeymoon after only a few months in power and the progressive left in Canada was still relieved to be getting past the Stephen Harper years.
These days, Lewis, say, many of those progressives may be ready to take a new look at a party that embraced something bolder — something like Leap. “I believe, many of us believe, that there is a progressive majority in Canada,” says Lewis.
Krug and Rees also reject the criticism of Leap and its allies as leftists from the fringe. That label often comes from people with a stake in fighting big changes to the system, says Rees.
“For the first year and a half, Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum were painted as extreme or at one end of a political spectrum, and then 40 per cent of the British public voted for the political offer that the Labour party put forward in the manifesto,” said Rees, who actually gave up a career as a teacher to become a full-time campaigner for Corbyn (as did Klug). “So I think you could argue that actually those are mainstream ideas, that those are centre-ground, common-sense political ideas. I think, really, with all this rhetoric, I would question who gets to say what's extreme and what's actually middle-of-the-road.”
Tickets for the “Courage to Leap” event are expected to sell out quickly, but it's far from clear how Leap itself will fare on the convention floor this time in Ottawa. The party did commit itself to “study” Leap back in 2016, but will that have any impact on the party being built under Singh's new leadership?
But it also seems to be true that Leap's influence doesn't start or stop with the NDP, or even Canada. Regardless of what happens at the Ottawa convention, the activists from the United States and the U.K. seem to think that big things are on the horizon.
Bond, when asked what's next after this meeting, talks about high hopes — with a global reach. “What I hope will come out of this meeting in Ottawa is that everybody comes together,” she says. If you can change who is involved in politics I think we can change how we govern and I think we can change the future of our countries.”
sdelacourt@bell.net
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There has been a lot of chatter about local elections in the national news, and several people have asked Bristol.Live why we haven't had any coverage of the impending votes.
Well, the simple answer is because we don't have any local elections taking place.
In a rare turn of events Bristol, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset will not hold any council elections on May 3, meaning there will be no chance to change the political make-up of the authorities.
In fact, the only vote taking place in the region will be on May 24th for the Westbury-on-Trym and Henleaze by-election which was triggered after Liberal Democrat councillor, Clare Campion-Smith stood down at the start of April.
The lack of elections is down to the voting cycles employed by the individual councils.
Bristol, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset councils all work to a four-year voting pattern.
The last local council elections for South Gloucestershire and North Somerset took place in 2015, meaning residents will have the chance to go to the polls in May next year.
The last Bristol City Council elections were in 2016, meaning residents will next vote in a local election in 2020.
Bristol will also vote for its directly elected city mayor – the post currently held by Labour's Marvin Rees – in 2020.
Residents in Bristol, North Somerset, South Gloucestershire and Bath & North East Somerset (B&NES) will also vote for the next Police and Crime Commissioner – the post currently held by independent Sue Mountstevens – in 2020.
The next West of England Combined Authority (Weca) election - the post currently held by Conservative Metro Mayor, Tim Bowles - will take place in 2021.
The next general election was due to take place in 2020, but last year's snap election means this has been shifted back to 2022.
Some 156 of England's 353 county, district and unitary authorities will hold local elections next month.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three British men who sexually assaulted a woman during a stag do in Singapore will be caned and jailed.
Khong Tam Thanh, Le Michael and Vu Thai Son were originally charged with rape but admitted sexual assault following a trial.
A court heard how the attack happened after the three visited Zouk nightclub in Singapore.
The victim aged 23, had returned to the Carlton Hotel with a fourth man who was a friend of the trio and had consensual sex.
Thanh, 22, Michael Le, 24, and Thai Son, 24, took it turns to enter the hotel room and sexually assault the woman while she was unconscious.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
She only realised what was happening as Michael Le was assaulting her and reported the attack to police in September last year.
Thanh has been jailed for six year and eight strokes of a cane.
Thai Son faces six-and-a-half years in prison and eight strokes of the cane.
Michael Le was sentenced to five-and-a-half years in jail and five strokes of the cane.
Caning in Singapore dates back to the time of British colonial rule.
It involves the prisoner being handcuffed naked to a trestle and whipped with a 'rattan' cane.
A medical officer is present.
Those who have suffered the punishment, which is frequently criticised by human rights groups, say the pain is excrutiating.
Time is marching on — sometimes at an alarming rate — and we're quickly approaching TechCrunch's annual huge conference in San Francisco.
TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017 is less than a month away at 48 Pier in San Francisco. This year's lineup includes a stellar group of speakers, including Pinterest's Ben Silbermann, Golden State Warriors superstar forward (and also investor) Kevin Durant, Forerunner Venture's Kristen Green and Udacity co-founder Sebastian Thrun.
We'll be tackling a lot of huge topics at Disrupt this year — a lot of which have exploded in just the past year or so. From the future of ICOs to AI bleeding into every piece of technology you touch, TechCrunch Disrupt SF features some of the best minds in the industry that spend their days neck-deep in the future of technology. We'll also have the always awesome Startup Battlefield, where some of the best new companies compete. Early bird general admission tickets are still available for one of the best shows of the year.
Here's a glimpse at some of the speakers that will be joining us:
Morphing a digital collage into a wildly successful home for inspiration
Ben Silbermann, CEO of Pinterest: Pinterest has gone from a simple collage app to one of the go-to apps for planning for the future. Slibermann went from an advertising product specialist at Google to founding one of the most fascinating new products that can drive a different kind of user behavior than you would find anywhere else on the Web, and it's now worth more than $12 billion. That's caught the eye of advertisers as a product that could offer some kind of unique customer base that has a totally different behavior than those on Facebook and Google. And it's for good reason — people come to Pinterest to become inspired, to dig deep into topics (like cars or weddings) and then finally figure out what they want to do. And they go to Pinterest to get inspiration from things they might not have even realized they would find interesting.
Mapping out the human genome
Anne Wojcicki, CEO of 23andMe: With the hope of making the human genome searchable — just like the Internet — Wojcicki and her team founded 23andMe in 2006. Her story is not only one of innovation and science, but also navigating the complex regulatory ecosystem. The company hit a major snag when the FDA blocked the company's ability to basically do what it set out to do. Then four years later, 23andMe finally got the green light to once again start giving patients information about their genomes and the kinds of diseases they are at risk. It's the tale of a lot of work over a long period of time for the startup that's raised hundreds of millions of dollars.
Turning jaw-dropping home design photos into a massive business
Adi Tatarko and Alon Cohen, co-foudners of Houzz: If you haven't already opened Houzz, you're in for quite the ride. While Houzz could just be a guilty pleasure for many, with its curated photos of interior (and very lavish) home designs, it's also a massive business. Whenever you ask about Houzz, people in the valley would say they were quietly building their business — until the company announced its astounding $400 million financing round at a $4 billion valuation. Tatarko and Cohen have one of the quietest success stories in the Valley, and we'll get to know a little more from the married co-founders.
A look at online education beyond the U.S.
Cindy Mi, VIPKID: You probably know about Udemy, Coursera and plenty of other online education courses. You might not have heard of Cindy Mi, whose longtime focus on teaching English has morphed into a $100 million startup. VIPKID connects Chinese students with native English speakers to help them pick up the language — especially as they look to work in an increasingly global economic environment. That platform has ballooned into one that has more than half a million students, all while navigating the complex market for online education abroad.
Be sure to stay tuned for more information about speakers, sessions and various entertaining and educational programs at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017. See you in September!
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Nigel Farage's closest aides faces 20 years in prison after posing as an international money launderer in a bid to rip off drug smugglers in the US.
George Cottrell, 22, ran the former Ukip leader's private office and was part of the Ukip media team.
He was arrested when he and Farage touched down in Chicago's O'Hare International Airport in July, was denied bail and has been held in Arizona ever since.
He pleaded guilty yesterday to masterminding a scam on the so-called 'dark web' to extort money from drug traffickers - but the dealers he targeted were undercover agents.
A spokesperson for Mr Farage declined to comment.
(Photo: Youtube)
In his plea agreement, Mr Cottrell admitted: "I falsely claimed that I would launder the criminal proceeds through my bank accounts for a fee. Rather than launder any of the money, though ... I intended to retain the money."
According to court records, the scheme started when someone calling themselves The Banker posted on a black market website through an encrypted network.
The Banker told the undercover agents an associate named 'Bill' - later identified as Cottrell - could launder between $50,000 and $150,000 of drug money a month with complete anonymity.
In June 2014, he told the agents to send $20,000 to an associate, who would pass it on to him before passing it back to them.
But a week later, he threatened to report the 'dealers' to the police unless they paid him $80,000 in bitcoin.
Agents for the US Internal Revenue Service in Phoenix, Arizona investigated the exchange, before arresting Cottrell in Chicago.
(Photo: Getty)
At the time of his arrest, Cottrell was travelling back to London with Farage after the pair had attended the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio. A judge denied bail because Cottrell was deemed a flight risk.
Cottrell was originally charged with 21 felonies, including attempted extortion, money laundering and fraud.
But prosecutors agreed to drop all but one count - of wire fraud - in exchange for a guilty plea.
He faces a maximum of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for the single charge.
Cottrell, who is worth an estimated £250m, is the nephew of former Tory treasurer Lord Hesketh, who defected to Ukip in 2011.
Google says it's cancelled the domain registration for neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer hours after the website registered with it.
Neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer has had its domain registration revoked twice in less than 24 hours, in moves that threatened to take it offline if it does not find a replacement for GoDaddy and Google, which both said the site had violated their terms of service.
GoDaddy disclosed late on Sunday via Twitter that it had given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider, saying it had violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
The white supremacist website, associated with the alt-right movement, helped organise the weekend rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that turned violent.
GoDaddy feared the site might be used to incite further violence after the events in Charlottesville, including the death of Heather Heyer, who was fatally struck by a car allegedly driven by a man with white nationalist views.
"With the violence that occurred over the weekend, the company believed this site could incite additional violence," said the person who was not authorised to publicly discuss the matter.
The Daily Stormer responded by moving its registration to Alphabet Inc's Google Domains, which offers transfers through an automated online process that the internet company says typically takes 20 minutes or less to complete.
The domain was registered with Google shortly before 8am California time on Monday and the company announced plans to revoke it at 10.56am, according to somebody familiar with the revocation.
"We don't want our services to incite violence," said the person.
It was not immediately clear when Google's move would take effect. The Daily Stormer was online and its internet registration listed Google as the registrar as of midday California time.
GoDaddy has previously faced sharp criticism for hosting The Daily Stormer and other sites that spread hate.
The internet hosting company's rules of conduct ban using its services in a manner that "promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals or property".
Meanwhile, Cloudflare, a private firm that also provides internet services to The Daily Stormer, declined to say if it was looking at severing ties.
"Cloudflare is aware of the concerns that have been raised over some sites that have used our network. We find the content on some of these sites repugnant," the company said in a statement.
"While our policy is to not comment on any user specifically, we are cooperating with law enforcement in any investigation," it added.
South Africa, England players could leave the IPL early
South Africa are scheduled to tour England before the ICC Champions Trophy.
@manishpathak187 by Manish Pathak News 15 Feb 2017, 18:40 IST
The South African players are a key attraction in the IPL
What's the story?
Owing to the packed International schedule the South African players could leave the Indian Premier League after May 7 while the English players could depart in two different batches – a few after May 1 and the rest after May 14.
South Africa are scheduled to tour England in mid-May/ Also, the Champions Trophy, which starts from June 1 in England, and both the International teams have cited these reasons as to why they are calling back their players.
Extra Cover: IPL 2017 schedule released by the BCCI
The Details:
According to reports, the IPL had already informed the franchises about this in an email this week. Along with the information, they also included a list with the final player roster for the auction on February 20.
Also, the BCCI has been in discussion with Cricket South Africa and have tried to convince them to keep their players for a longer duration of time. Whether or not the respective boards release their players if their franchisees reach the finals is still unknown.
EspnCricinfo reports that CSA is interested specifically in the release of Kagiso Rabada, Imran Tahir, Farhaan Behardien, Wayne Parnell, Lungi Ngidi, Andile Phehlukwayo and Dwaine Pretorius for their International assignments. The aforementioned players minus Ngidi are all part of the squad which would take on New Zealand.
The CSA wants all the players to be ready for the Champions Trophy and thus it would be difficult for the BCCI to convince them for allowing their players to stay back for a longer time.
In case you didn't know...
South Africans form a major part of the different teams and England players would be joining the league in full force for the first time. Faf du Plessis (Rising Pune Supergiants), AB de Villiers (Royal Challengers Bangalore), JP Duminy, Quinton de Kock and Chris Morris (Delhi Daredevils), David Miller and Hashim Amla (Kings XI Punjab) have been retained by their respective franchises.
Jos Buttler (Mumbai Indians) and Sam Billings (Delhi Daredevils) have also been retained.
Extra Cover: Ben Stokes, Eoin Morgan, Chris Woakes list themselves at highest base price
A total of 351 players, including 122 capped internationals, will feature in the auction, which will be held in Bangalore on February 20.
What's next?
There has always been a tussle between league and country duties and once again it has come to the fore this season with the boards wanting to pull out their players from the business end of the tournament.
With South Africa's tour of England scheduled to between May 24 and 29, it is hard to see how a middle ground could be reached and as of now the BCCI is on slippery ground.
Sportskeeda's Take
The availablity of the players are keenly observed by the franchises before they bid for him and owing to the slightly iffy scenario, the prices of these pkayers could take a beating.
However, it would be interesting to see if the franchises and the BCCI manage to convice the two boards to leave their players for a longer duration of time.
KIYOSU, Japan — February 2, 2018 — Toyoda Gosei Co., Ltd. and Nippon Kayaku Co., Ltd. have agreed to a capital alliance for greater cooperation in their airbag business. Each company will hold approximately 1 billion yen of the other company's common shares.
Toyoda Gosei has purchased inflators, a key component in airbags, and other products from Nippon Kayaku for decades, and the two companies have built an outstanding business relationship. Today the demand for airbags is growing rapidly as safety regulations become stricter around the world, and this capital alliance will help the two companies in their aim to strengthen stable supply and quality assurance systems for airbags globally.
The environment in the automobile industry is undergoing major changes with progress in autonomous driving and the move toward electric vehicles, and the two companies will also work together in the field of new materials as well as safety, collaborating in the development of new products with a view to the future.
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: Toyoda Gosei Co., Ltd.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Taylor Swift has spoken out after jurors found in her favour and decided a radio host groped her in a photo shoot.
An eight-member jury took less than an hour to find David Mueller guilty of sexually assaulting the Bad Blood singer during a week long civil trial.
Just minutes after the trial ended, the Love Story star released a statement thanking her team and announcing plans to help other sexual assault victims in the future.
"I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: AFP)
She went on to say she will be making donations to organisations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
"I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organisations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves."
(Image: Splash News)
Earlier on Monday, the Blank Space star is said to have broken down in tears as her lawyer said that she'd taken the action on behalf of all women.
Her representative, Douglas Baldridge, told the court that the trial was intended to send the message that "no means no".
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: Max Faulkner/TNS/ZUMA Wire/PA)
And at the end of the six-day trial, Mr Baldridge described the DJ as an "aggressor".
The lawyer said: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
He then asked that members of the jury "return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
× Marysville man crashes rented Lamborghini attempting to flee police
MARYSVILLE, Wash. — A 23-year-old man was booked for DUI and attempting to elude police after he crashed a rented Lamborghini early Sunday morning in Edmonds.
At 11:30 p.m. Saturday, Edmonds police hired to patrol the Taste of Edmonds noticed a woman holding a beer leaning out the passenger side window of a Lamborghini in the 500 block of Main Street.
When officers attempted to pull over the car, the driver sped away running several stop signs in the downtown area.
A few minutes later, police say the Lamborghini rear ended another vehicle at 226th Street SW and State Route 104.
Both the driver and his female passenger were taken into custody.
The 20-year-old passenger in the Lamborghini was booked for being a minor in possession of alcohol.
The driver was processed for DUI and also booked for Attempting to Elude a Police Vehicle.
Police say the people in the other vehicle were shaken but okay.
The vehicle had been rented by the driver's brother for a family event in town earlier in the day.
Police say officers initially chased the Lamborghini but ultimately ended it for speed and safety reasons.
SOUTHWICK - Powder Mill School hosted the annual Fr. Shea Council of the Knights of Columbus free throw contest last week and nine students advanced to the district competition.
The contest was open to Southwick-area girls and boys ages 9-14. Powder Mill physical education teachers Mark Archambeault and Laura Hendrickson have run the contest for the K of C for two decades.
"It's a fun event and we tie it into the basketball unit at school, so it's an extension of our curriculum," said Archambeault.
The winners were Adalyn Clark, 9, Kaila Pieczarka, 10, Eva Fanion, 11, and Grace Frasier, 12. There were no 13- or 14-year-old girls present at this year's competition.
For the boys, the winners were Sean Braithwaite, 9, Josh Drumm, 10, Bert McLaughlin, 11, Wyatt Baker, 12, and Trevor Corriveau, 13. No 14-year-old boys competed. All winners live in Southwick except Frasier, who resides in Agawam.
Archambeault said each of the 58 participants was given 15 free throws.
Grand Knight Alberto Matos said the competition level was high this year.
"Two of the boys had to each compete into tie-breaking shootout in two of the boys groups," he said.
"The Fr. Shea Council would like to again thank Mrs. Hendrickson and Mr. Archambault, Powder Mill physical education teachers for their cooperation in setting up and amazing support in running this year's competition," Matos said. "The council also commends all 58 youngsters, the parents and siblings for their good sportsmanship and cooperation while the shooting was taking place."
If the winner of the age category is unable to participate in the district competition, the runner-up will represent Southwick. All participants received a certificate. In addition, the winners and runners-up were presented with a trophy.
Southwick's district competition will be held later this month with place and date to be determined by the council district deputy.
The winners of the district proceed to the regional competition, and the regional winners go to the state finals, which will be held April 14 at Anna Maria College in Paxton.
LONDON — A man who drove a van into worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man and injuring a dozen others, was sentenced Friday to at least 43 years in prison for what a judge called a crime driven by "malevolent hatred."
Judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb said Darren Osborne's mind was "poisoned" by far-right ideas before the June 2017 attack targeting Muslims and that he had shown no signs of remorse.
"Your mindset became one of malevolent hatred," the judge told the prisoner in the dock at Woolwich Crown Court. "This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill."
She sentenced Osborne, 48, to life with no chance of parole for 43 years, saying "the court has seen no evidence that the danger you present has lessened."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
This is a 2018 photo of Joe McCarthy of the Tampa Bay Rays baseball team. This image reflects the spring training active roster as of Sunday, Feb. 18, 2018 when this image was taken. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
Joe McCarthy isn't coming home after all.
The Tampa Bay Rays prospect and Scranton native hit the disabled list Wednesday with a back injury and will miss next week's homecoming series against the RailRiders.
McCarthy, 24, has not played since May 23 for the Durham Bulls, who come to PNC Field on Tuesday for a three-game series. It's the Bulls' only trip to Moosic in the regular season.
Efforts to reach McCarthy on Wednesday were unsuccesful.
“Obviously, I feel for him, because he was putting together a pretty good run there,” RailRiders team president and general manager Josh Olerud said. “He was having a solid first couple months. It would've been a really, really cool opportunity for him; special to play in front of family and friends at home.”
Olerud and the RailRiders were prepared to roll out the welcome mat for McCarthy. They were working with Little Leagues and kids from RailRiders University to be part of the festivities. McCarthy is an instructor for RailRiders University, the team's offseason training program.
They had Scranton High School public address announcer Adam McCormick lined up to announce McCarthy before his at-bats and T-shirts made with the dates of the series. They also planned to auction McCarthy's jersey to benefit Join in for Jalen, a fund supporting Jalen Chandler, a Scranton teen battling leukemia. The RailRiders will change gears and do something else to help out Chandler.
Olerud said he was expecting big crowds, with club level seats and suites pretty much sold out.
Through 35 games, McCarthy was batting .265 with eight doubles, five home runs and 18 RBIs in his first taste of Triple-A. His .863 OPS is top-10 in the International League and he hit safely in 10 of his last 11 games. His slugging percentage (.479) was also well above his career average (.421).
The Bulls (29-22) are 2-5 since he left the lineup.
McCarthy will head to the Rays' main complex in Port Charlotte, Florida, to meet with doctors to determine a treatment plan. He also missed time at the University of Virginia after back surgery, but this is a different injury.
This is his second trip to the disabled list as a pro. In 2016, he missed 15 days with Class-A Bowling Green. He played in 127 games with Double-A Montgomery last year.
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
Published:
Share This
Health minister J.P. Nadda. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: The government on Monday said it will increase the total health expenditure to 2.5% of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2025, from the current 1.15%, with more finance flow to the states, in a bid to achieve Universal Health Coverage.
“In union budget 2017-18, the government increased budget for health sector by 27.7% and National Health Policy (NHP) 2017 released this year also envisages to increase health expenditure as a percentage of GDP from the existing 1.15% to 2.5 % by 2025,” health minister J.P. Nadda said. “The Government through the 14th Finance Commission also increased devolution of finances from 32% to 42% of divisible pool—an increase estimated at Rs25 lakh crore over award period to provide States with greater flexibility and autonomy to design, implement and finance schemes,” he said.
The health ministry has announced that 150,000 sub-health centres will be transformed into health and wellness centres for providing comprehensive primary care.
For tackling non-communicable diseases (NCDs), a major cause of death and disability in India, the ministry has initiated universal screening of common NCDs such as diabetes, hypertension and common cancers at the sub-centre and primary health centres. The current sanctioned budget for tackling NCDs such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, obesity and diabetes is Rs955 crore (2017-18).
The health ministry is also focusing on maternal health and planning to invest more in the area.
“We have also launched “LaQshya” Labour Room Quality Improvement Initiative, a Safe Delivery Mobile Application for health workers who manage normal and complicated deliveries in the peripheral areas, and also released the operational guidelines for obstetric High Dependency Units (HDUs) and Intensive Care Units (ICUs),” Nadda said.
The safe delivery application has clinical instruction films on key obstetric procedures which can help health workers translate learnt skills into practice.
It can play a pivotal role in training, post-training reinforcement, mentoring and demonstration. The application has been tailored to India and been field tested in a few districts where it has been found to be useful for health workers who provide maternity care.
Nadda said the operational guidelines will complement the already existing national guidelines and help the states and state level policymakers set up and operationalise these critical care units, dedicated to pregnant women and recently delivered mothers, in medical colleges and district hospitals.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Rory McIlroy claimed his 14th PGA Tour tile in spectacular fashion, firing a final round 64 at Bay Hill to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
McIlroy's putting in recent weeks has been to blame for his lack of form, but after a helpful chat from former PGA Tour pro Brad Faxon, and with a new putter in the bag, he finished the week first in Strokes Gained: Putting, where he took more than 2.5 strokes on the field, on average, per round.
Read more - Free head helps Rory McIlroy end 18-month win drought
Looking for some consistency with a his putter leading into the Masters, Rory asked the TaylorMade Tour team to build him a TP Copper Soto to spec. It's built at 34.25" with 2.75° of loft and a total weight of 508g at a D1 swingweight and will be available at retail on April 20.
Rory also had a new shaft in his driver this week. He added a new Mitsubishi Tensei CK Pro Orange 70X shaft to his TaylorMade M3 460, with which he averaged 316.5 yards off the tee and recorded the second longest drive of the week at 373 yards. The win also makes it six wins for TaylorMade's Twist Face technologythis year on the PGA Tour.
Rory's iron play was also at its dazzling best. His irons, the P730 Rors Proto, have been in his bag since he joined Team TaylorMade last May and are equipped with True Temper Project X 7.0 shafts.
Here is a look at his bag in full:
Rory McIlory – WITB
Driver:TayloMade M3 460 8.5°, Mitsubishi Chemical Tensei CK Pro Orange 70X
Fairway Woods:TaylorMade M3 (15°, 19°), Mitsubishi Chemical Tensei CK Pro White 80X
Irons:TaylorMade P750 Tour Proto (4), TaylorMade P730 Rors Proto (5-9), True Temper Project X 7.0
Wedges:TaylorMade Milled Grind (48°, 52°, 58° and 60° Hi-Toe), True Temper Project X 7.0
Putter: TaylorMade TP Collection Copper Soto Prototype
Ball:TaylorMade TP5x (#22)
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
Along with 5,417 square feet of bright interior space, the apartment boasts 1,600 square feet of outdoor space on open-air, entertaining-friendly roof terraces. … This modern two-story penthouse is tucked away on a quiet street in affluent Knightsbridge, with easy access to its many shops and restaurants as well as Hyde Park, writes Bill Cary for Mansion Global.Along with 5,417 square feet of bright interior space, the apartment boasts 1,600 square feet of outdoor space on open-air, entertaining-friendly roof terraces.
“This really is a proper penthouse,” listing agent Simon Barnes said. “It's at the top of the building, and it has proper ceiling heights, proper floor-to-ceiling windows and a wraparound terrace.”
“It's quite unusual to find an apartment like this in central London,” he said. “You really are in the heart of things.” …
The apartment is on the fifth and sixth floors of the modern Cheval House on Montpelier Walk, which is north of Brompton Road in the center of the Knightsbridge section of London.
The iconic Harrods luxury department store and the Victoria and Albert Museum are right nearby, and the apartment has stunning views of the Brompton Oratory, a large neoclassical Roman Catholic church.
“This is a relatively small building,” with only eight flats, Barnes said. “It's not one of these big impersonal apartment buildings.” …
The apartment has a large master bedroom suite on the fifth floor, with a private terrace, his-and-hers dressing rooms and en-suite bathrooms. The three large reception rooms are on the sixth floor.
“The kitchen has good ventilation and great natural light,” Barnes said.
“You get uninterrupted sunshine all day long,” he said. “You're not so high up that you can't use the terraces.” …
The 5,417-square-foot apartment has five bedrooms and five bathrooms. There is also 1,600 square feet of outdoor space on roof terraces.
The property has a gymnasium, direct elevator access to both floors, underfloor heating, air conditioning throughout and private parking for two cars.
“You are right in the heart of the shopping district of Knightsbridge,” Barnes said. “You are close to all of the theaters, close to all of the restaurants.” …
Bordering the large and beautifully kept Hyde Park, Knightsbridge is an affluent area with grand Victorian homes and leafy garden squares.
“You can walk everywhere — you don't really need a car,” Barnes said.
“It's a two-minute walk to Hyde Park,” he added. …
… For more properties like this in London and across the globe visit Mansion Global
The Kroger Co.'s organic produce business has achieved $1 billion in annual sales.
“Kroger offers one of the largest organic produce departments in America, and we are proud to have led the way in making this category more mainstream, accessible and affordable,” said Robert Clark, Kroger's SVP of merchandising. “We have a dedicated procurement team that partners with more than 300 organic produce growers and suppliers every year to bring our customers an exciting selection of organic fruits and vegetables.”
According to IRI, the U.S. organic produce market reached $5 billion in 2016 and it is growing. Kroger represents nearly 20 percent of American's annual organic produce business.
“We know our customers want both organic and conventional choices,” Clark added. “Kroger makes it easy for our customers to shop how they want for their families. It's just one more way we are redefining the customer experience as outlined in our Restocking Kroger plan.”
Kroger's top-selling organic produce includes bananas, apples, strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and bagged salads.
The company's Simple Truth line of products recently reached $2 billion in annual sales, marking the growing popularity of the brand of natural, organic and free-from products, Kroger says.
Kroger employs 453,000 associates serving nearly nine million customers every day in 2,793 retail food stores under a variety of local banner names in 35 states and D.C. Its family of companies operates an expanding ClickList offering—a personalized online ordering service—in addition to 2,258 pharmacies, 783 convenience stores, 307 fine jewelry stores, 222 retail health clinics, 1,472 supermarket fuel centers and 38 food production plants in the U.S.
Keep reading:
Who Said What: World reacts after India whitewash Sri Lanka 3-0
Here are the reactions from the cricket fraternity as India beat Sri Lanka in the third Test.
@srihari_93 by Srihari News 14 Aug 2017, 16:03 IST
It was a convincing performance by India
Under three days was all it took for India to wrap up the third Test and whitewash Sri Lanka 3-0. Going into the third day, India needed nine wickets to wrap up the third Test and by bowling out Sri Lanka for 181, they managed to get those wickets and win by an innings and 171 days.
Extra Cover: Stats: Team India create new record after whitewashing Sri Lanka
For his maiden Test century, Hardik Pandya walked away with the Man of the Match award.
Hardik Pandya
"I am glad that I got my first hundred here, I didn't have a first-class hundred before coming here. The situation was pretty good for me when I went in and I knew that I could back my instincts. I have bowling as well and Test cricket is not an easy place to come and take a fifer. I have to keep working hard. I am pretty alright to bat wherever the teams wants me to. This team is pretty amazing. Everyone backs me to do well."
Two centuries in three matches was enough for Shikhar Dhawan to claim the Man of the Series award.
Shikhar Dhawan
"Before this series, I was in Hong Kong enjoying the holiday (smiles). Unfortunately one of our openers was unfit and I got a chance to come over here and by the grace of god, things went very well for me and I got the Man of the Series award. I am enjoying my batting right now. I enjoy playing this way, this is my natural game (playing positive cricket). I have to keep performing well because we have tough competition for all the slots, so that is a great sign for Indian cricket. It keeps me on my toes."
Dinesh Chandimal
"You can't control the toss, but this was a tough series. Credit to India for playing outstanding cricket throughout the series. Our batting and bowling were below par. We need to stand up as a team. They scored 600 in each inning, so that is why we decided to play five bowlers. We have to be patient and concentrate harder (when batting or bowling). If we can do that, I am sure we will do as a team and come back stronger for the Pakistan series."
Virat Kohli added that Hardik Pandya was the biggest positive for India from the series.
"Very happy with the overall performance. Always feels nice to have convincing wins, pretty good day for us. The regulars have performed, but the biggest positive would be Hardik's inclusion and the way he shaped up in these three Test matches. The kind of confidence he showed the with the ball and the maturity with the bat, it really gives us a boost.
"The usual suspects are always there and thereabouts. We are a young side, we look forward to play Test cricket, we look forward to playing every single Test match with the same kind of excitement and that is the only way you can be ruthless. We like to be prepared before hand and be proactive rather than being reactive. We have age on our side and we have an opportunity to play together for five, six years for the country. "
Here are the reactions from the cricket fraternity:
Hardik Pandya:
Couldn't have asked for a better start in whites! Cheers to the whole team ???????????????????????? pic.twitter.com/ifPGs4S5Sz — hardik pandya (@hardikpandya7) August 14, 2017
Sachin Tendulkar:
What a fabulous way to end the test series! A big hug to the entire team for their outstanding performance. Good luck for the ODI series! pic.twitter.com/HaXfI7dPwo — sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) August 14, 2017
Harbhajan Singh:
What an amazing win! Couldn't have asked for a better way to end the test series. Great going guys. Keep rocking! #Whitewash #INDvSL — Harbhajan Turbanator (@harbhajan_singh) August 14, 2017
Russel Arnold:
Congratulations @BCCI Played like the number 1 team alright !!! — Russel Arnold (@RusselArnold69) August 14, 2017
Harsha Bhogle:
MOSCOW (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 5:25 am |
Syrian President Bashar Assad (C) shakes hands with unidentified Russian officers at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria. (Rossiya 24 TV Channel photo via AP)
President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered Russian forces in Syria to start withdrawing, saying that after a two year military campaign, Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying the Islamic State terror group.
Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria's Latakia Province where he held talks with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian military servicemen.
Russia first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favor while dramatically increasing Moscow's own influence in the Middle East.
Putin on Monday gave the order for Russian forces to start withdrawing to their permanent bases in Russia, the Kremlin said on its website.
“The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly,” Putin said, in remarks broadcast on Russian television.
“I congratulate you!,” Putin told Russian servicemen gathered at the base.
He was also quoted as saying that Russia would keep the Hmeymim air base as well as a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartous.
Amy Schumer is commenting on one woman's charge of sexual misconduct against her fellow comedian and friend, Aziz Ansari.
Schumer, a guest on Katie Couric's podcast, told the journalist she views the date between Ansari and an unnamed photographer, as described to Babe, as a learning opportunity.
The 23-year-old woman, referred to as Grace, told the outlet after a quick dinner, Ansari undressed her at his apartment, pressured her into oral sex and suggested he get a condom. She also told Babe, "I know I was physically giving off cues that I wasn't interested. I don't think that was noticed at all, or if it was, it was ignored."
"I don't think anyone wants to see Aziz's career ruined or his life ruined or anything like that, but that's where people's minds go," Schumer told Couric in the episode released Thursday. "They go, 'Does he deserve this?' And it's really not about that. I think it's about expressing and showing women that that behaviour's not OK and not only can you leave, but you need to leave. Because then the women who come after you, you're leaving a mark for them too."
Schumer added, "If you have a doctor that makes you uncomfortable, or you get a massage, or you have a date with someone and they coerce you in a situation like the Aziz one, I don't think there's any sort of criminal charge, but I think that it's good for everybody to learn that that behaviour's not acceptable. It's not a crime, but it's not cool. And it can still really mess with a woman."
Ansari responded to "Grace's" account through his representative Jodi Gottlieb after the original report published in January. In the statement issued to USA TODAY, Ansari said the two engaged "in sexual activity, which by all indications was completely consensual."
"The next day, I got a text from her saying that although 'it may have seemed OK,' upon further reflection, she felt uncomfortable," his statement continued. "It was true that everything did seem OK to me, so when I heard that it was not the case for her, I was surprised and concerned. I took her words to heart and responded privately after taking the time to process what she had said."
On Couric's podcast, Schumer issued a call to women to articulate standards and boundaries.
"We need to be teaching each other the kind of behaviour that's acceptable and so when something comes up, to say, 'That makes me really uncomfortable,' or just what you're willing to accept," she said. "Those are the hard conversations, but we can't let things continue the way that they've continued because there are so many different levels of it."
Schumer also said she doesn't let her friendship with Ansari cloud her view of his alleged misconduct. "I identify with all the women in these situations," she said. "Even if it's my friend, I don't go, 'Oh, but he's a good guy.' I think, 'What would it feel like to have been her?'"
Minnowburn RDA recently had six competitors who proudly represented their club at the RDA Championships held at Danescroft.
The six, which included three members from Northern Ireland Chest Heart and Stroke Association, was the highest number ever representing Minnowburn RDA and the Burn Equestrian Centre horses and there was great excitement and nerves from the offset early that morning.
Last year's winning horse Doro with Janine Clarke and Kerry and Fiona
A lot of hard work had gone into preparing during the weeks before including some dedicated boot polishing!
Patsy Ward won his class and was the best overall performer in the outdoor dressage arena. Patsy also qualified for the National Championships which is no mean feat!
June Close was second in the Countryside Challenge and James Boyle was the winner in his Countryside Challenge with another winner Emmanuel Cromie in his Countryside Challenge class.
Janine Clarke and James Boyle were second and third respectively in their dressage class with another runner-up in his dressage class namely Gareth McManus.
RDA members were absolutely delighted with the success on the day. The icing on the cake was James Boyle and Willow winning the Best Turned Out horse and rider on the day. This was incredible that Minnowburn RDA won the same title with a different horse last year. This was even more remarkable that the horse that won last year is owned and was prepared by adult twins Kerry and Fiona Mussen and this year's winner Willow is cared for and had been prepared by twin teenagers Lily and Eva Fleming. The girls had also excitedly been in attendance to help on the day and were ecstatic when they realised of the win.
It was celebrations all round and Minnowburn RDA are immensely proud with all the efforts paying off.
RDA Minnowburn would also like to thank Burn Equestrian staff for helping care for the horses and Kerry and Fiona Mussen for transportation on the day. It was a double twin win for the last two years!
MUMBAI: US-based bot platform Gupshup on Monday launched InterBot, a bot-to-bot communication platform to enable them transact, co-ordinate, compete, collaborate and negotiate with each other.
Touted as the world's first, Interbot communications enable different kinds of bots, such as shopping bots to negotiate with merchant bots to find the best prices.
A travel bot can book packages by combining the services of flight and hotel bots. A taxi bot can ask the cafe bot to have the coffee ready by the time the user's taxi arrives.
Gaming bots can play strategy games with dealer bots. Translate bots can combine with e-commerce bot to enable multi-lingual transactions.
Personal assistant bots can schedule meetings on behalf of humans. Bots can form groups and hierarchies to improve decision-making within the enterprise.
"InterBot unleashes endless possibilities that lead to more intelligent bots and systems. Just as the human civilization harnesses the collective power of individual humans, InterBot enables bots to perform collective action dramatically amplifying individual bot capabilities. InterBot represents one small step for bot, one giant step for 'botkind'," Beerud Sheth, CEO of Gupshup, said in a statement.
To use InterBot, bots will first have to publish themselves on this new channel. These bots can exchange services and learn from each other.
Developers can now create bots simply by connecting them with each other, like Lego blocks, where the output of one bot becomes the input of the next.
Read Also:
Govt To Set Up 31 New Earth Observatories By Year End
e-rickshaw Routes In Delhi To Be Regularised
Source: IANS
With A Wrinkle in Time taking the box office by storm, you should have already dusted off your old copy and re-read it in anticipation of seeing the Ava DuVernay film adaptation. If you've already re-visited Madeleine L'Engle's classic novel, or if you suspect you've outgrown it, I've got 15 adult books like A Wrinkle in Time.
A Wrinkle in Time is the first in a quintet of books centered on the Murry family, which consists of two scientifically minded parents, their four genius children, and their dog, Fortinbras. In the first novel, husband and father Alex Murry has disappeared while doing research related to interplanetary travel, and it's up to two of his children, Meg and Charles Wallace, to rescue him. Joined by Meg's friend Calvin, and aided by three mysterious women who can travel through time and space, the Murry kids set about performing the difficult task of finding their father and saving the world.
If you're one of the millions of kids who grew up reading A Wrinkle in Time, you should put the 15 books from this list on your TBR A.S.A.P. Check out my recommendations below, and share your favorite A Wrinkle in Time readalikes with me on Twitter!
'When You Reach Me' by Rebecca Stead Miranda, the preteen protagonist of Rebecca Stead's 2009 novel When You Reach Me, looks to her favorite book — A Wrinkle in Time, natch — after her best friend unexpectedly cuts off contact with her, and a series of mysterious letters begin to arrive. Click here to buy.
'The Parable of the Sower' by Octavia E. Butler Hyperempathic heroine Lauren Olamina has lived a life of relative peace and prosperity in her gated community, separated from the chaotic outside world. But when disaster strikes, the teenager is forced out into a country descending into madness, a land she must try to save. Click here to buy.
'All Systems Red' by Martha Wells Set in a corporatocracy, All Systems Red centers on the self-styled Murderbot, an android assigned to protect researchers exploring a foreign planet. Unbeknownst to everyone else, however, Murderbot is no ordinary security droid. It has gone rogue, hacked into its own A.I., and freed itself from Company control, and now all it wants is a little peace and quiet. Click here to buy.
'Lagoon' by Nnedi Okorafor Tracing the disparate responses to an alien landing on Earth, Lagoon follows three beachgoers — a biologist, a rapper, and a veteran — as they try to bridge the gap between the extraterrestrial visitors and humanity. Click here to buy.
'Noumenon' by Marina J. Lostetter When a millennia-long mission to examine a newly discovered star receives approval, humanity clones the crew of a nine-ship fleet and sends them off into the abyss of space, but no one expects that the generations of clones who will complete the mission will deviate from their original DNA sources... Click here to buy.
'The House of Discarded Dreams' by Ekaterina Sedia Desperate to escape her close-knit, but overbearing, family, Vimbai seizes the opportunity to become one of three roommates sharing the titular House of Discarded Dreams. Things quickly get weird, what with one roommate having a pocket universe instead of hair, and Vimbai's dead grandmother showing up to cook in the kitchen, as the heroine begins to live through the myths and legends that color her Zimbabwean heritage. Click here to buy.
'Doomsday Book' by Connie Willis In the mid-21st century, and Oxford historian named Kivrin asks to be sent back in time to the 14th century, so that she can observe life in the Middle Ages. After she is sent through time, however, a flu epidemic breaks out in 2054, and her entire mission becomes hopelessly complicated. Click here to buy.
'The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August' by Claire North Harry August isn't like other men, a fact he learns in 1989, when he dies of old age and is reborn on his birthday in 1919, retaining everything he knew at the time of his death. Being reborn upon death makes Harry an Ouroboran, and the retention of his memories makes him special among his kind. After meeting another man like him, Harry begins work on a machine that could save the world, but soon learns that not all Ouroborans are benevolent. Click here to buy.
'Redemption in Indigo' by Karen Lord After leaving her good-for-nothing husband, Paama receives a gift from the immortal djombi: the Chaos Stick. The artifact gives Paama the power to control the forces of chaos, but the undying spirits don't tell her that the stick's human-hating owner, a djombi called the Indigo Lord, plans to repossess it. Click here to buy.
'Station Eleven' by Emily St. John Mandel Years after a swine flu pandemic eradicates North American society, a troupe of Shakespearean actors traveling the Great Lakes on a two-year circuit return to the town where they last saw two of their friends, only to find that it has been taken over by a personality cult centered on a Prophet with a penchant for violence. Click here to buy.
'Midnight Robber' by Nalo Hopkinson Tan-Tan's parents are both having affairs, but when her father learns that his wife has not been faithful, he kills her lover and drags his seven-year-old daughter to New Half-Way Tree, an alternate version of their home planet that is populated with criminals and shadowy beings. Click here to buy.
'Every Heart a Doorway' by Seanan McGuire Like all the kids at Eleanor West's Home for Wayward Children, Nancy has spent time in a world that she was not born into, and has just been forced to return to her homeworld. Desperate to get back to her beloved, the Lord of the Dead, Nancy must first help solve a series of murders targeting her fellow Wayward Children. Click here to buy.
'The Icarus Girl' by Helen Oyeyemi Bright and temperamental, eight-year-old British citizen Jess never makes any friends until she and her family take a summer trip to her mother's home country of Nigeria, where she meets TillyTilly, who already knows all about her. It's only when the other girl follows Jess home to England that the young protagonist realizes she is the only person who can see TillyTilly. Click here to buy.
'Salt Fish Girl' by Larissa Lai Based on Chinese myths, Salt Fish Girl intertwines the stories of its shapeshifting narrator Nu Wa and Miranda, a Pacific Northwesterner living in a walled city in the mid-21st century, who finds herself unwittingly drawn into the interwoven worlds of corporation and government through her relationship with Evie, a human-carp clone. Click here to buy.
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers already has his post-playing career already mapped out, and it isn't one devoid of either sports or family.
Rivers told ESPN NFL insider Adam Schefter that he plans to become a high school football coach once his playing days are over in an interview on Schefter's “Know Them From Adam” podcast.
“I want to coach my boys and coach those boys that are 15 to 18 years old,” Rivers said, per ESPN.
“There's something about that 15-to-18-year-old boy, the time of their life that you can really impact them, not only on the field but off the field and still get the competitiveness that I love.”
Rivers has eight children, two boys Gunner (nine-years-old) and Peter (five), and plans to coach his sons just like his father, Steve, did for him during his prep days.
Given his competitive nature, it's hard to picture Rivers anywhere else but on a football field.
“I can't imagine ever not having a team, being a part of a team trying to win a game,” he said. “Hopefully a handful of years down the road that's where I'll be.”
By SAM ZEFF
After four years of planning for concealed carry in Kansas government buildings, you might expect that officials would have the wrinkles ironed out — that they would have considered all the possibilities.
But there is still confusion, and it starts at Cedar Crest, the stately governor's mansion on the west side of Topeka.
Kansas governors have lived there since 1962. It's open for tours on Mondays from 1-3:30 p.m. and hosts the occasional public function.
And, it turns out, it's a bit of a magic mansion.
“It's a public property when it's open to the public and it's a private residence for the governor and his family,” says Lt. Adam Winters, spokesman for the Kansas Highway Patrol, the agency that is responsible for security at Cedar Crest.
Winters says Cedar Crest is a private residence when the governor or his family is at home, and if they wanted to ban guns they could. But it turns into a public building like the statehouse, department of motor vehicles or a college lecture hall when they are gone, he says, and firearms must be allowed.
How did the Highway Patrol reach that conclusion?
“I went and I did all the research that I could to find the answers for you. I used several avenues to get that information,” says Winters.
But Winters did not provide further explanation. Is there a statute? A regulation? Why does the building's status change depending on whether Gov. Brownback or his family is there?
This much is known: In June, before KCUR began asking questions, signs banning guns were posted at Cedar Crest and the park surrounding it.
When first asked whether those signs would stay up after July 1 — when the state's concealed carry law expanded to all government buildings — the Capitol Police, the part of the Highway Patrol that protects Cedar Crest, said “absolutely yes” and cited a 2011 law.
That legislation banned guns in Cedar Crest, the park and other government buildings.
But then in 2013, the Legislature passed the Personal and Family Protection Act, essentially opening up the carrying of concealed guns almost everywhere. But the ban on guns at Cedar Crest wasn't specifically repealed, which explains why the Capitol Police initially said the ban on guns in the governor's mansion would continue.
But the state soon changed its tune. A few days after KCUR's phone call with the Capitol Police, the no-gun signs were gone and the Highway Patrol offered its explanation of how Cedar Crest is different from all other state-owned buildings.
Or is it?
“The way the Kansas law is written, there are no buildings that are exempt from the Family and Personal Protection Act,” says Breeze Richardson, spokeswoman for the Kansas Board of Regents.
Where do Kansas colleges fit into the story?
It turns out that the CEOs of the Regents' six universities live in state-owned mansions, just like Cedar Crest.
“A CEO's private residence is a state-owned building in the same way that a major academic building would be or an athletic facility,” Richardson says.
The Personal and Family Protection Act actually prohibits college professors or a potential dormitory roommate from even asking if someone is carrying a concealed pistol. That also goes for university CEOs, who often use their mansions for fundraising.
“That's correct. My understanding is that you cannot ask or require a list of any kind of who is carrying concealed,” Richardson says.
What does a university president think about being forced to potentially allow people who might have a gun into their home?
KCUR asked Richard Myers, who has been Kansas State University president for about 18 months.
“Well, you know, I probably already have because the definition of concealed is you don't see it,” says Myers.
He also stresses that many K-State faculty and staff support allowing concealed carry on campus.
Myers is a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a combat fighter pilot with a Distinguished Flying Cross, so he knows something about weapons.
And just like his colleagues, Myers is required to live in the campus house. He says he is not worried about his safety. But he is worried the concealed carry law will drive away good people from the university.
“Unfortunately, very unfortunately, we'll lose some really capable faculty members over this. And perhaps staff as well,” Myers says.
Myers' house, the other campus CEO mansions and Cedar Crest are all houses for transients — the occupants regularly change.
So while Gov. Brownback's spokeswoman says Brownback has no qualms about letting people who are packing pistols into Cedar Crest, Brownback is leaving soon for a job in the Trump administration. Plus there's an election next year.
At this point, then, it's fair to say that, despite all the planning for concealed carry, there is still confusion.
Sam Zeff covers education for the Kansas News Service and is co-host of the political podcast Statehouse Blend Kansas. Follow him on Twitter @SamZeff.
By Marcus Sheridan
With 2017 now freshly upon us, and many organizations attempting to experience success with their content marketing, one of the major questions these companies (especially their leadership teams) will be asking is, “How do we know if this stuff is actually working?” In other words, what are the critical KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) of Content…
The post 7 Critical KPIs of Content Marketing that Let You Know You're Winning or Losing appeared first on The Sales Lion by Marcus Sheridan.
Source:: https://www.thesaleslion.com/content-marketing-kpi-2017/
NEW YORK—Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with his past behaviour.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, The Chew while the allegations are investigated.
Read more:
Convicted murderer LaMarcus Wallace lost his appeal in the Mississippi Court of Appeals.
Wallace of Cleveland was sentenced in 2016 to life in prison for the 2014 murder of Tony Jones of Cleveland.
According to court documents, Wallace appealed “asserting the following issues: (1) the trial court erred by failing to grant a mistrial; (2) his right to confront witnesses was violated; (3) the State improperly commented on his failure to call an alibi witness; and (4) cumulative error requires reversal of his conviction.”
On the issue of the mistrial, Wallace contended that several jurors were asleep during the trial warranting a mistrial.
Documents said, “Wallace did not request a mistrial… The trial court found no merit to this argument, stating that it ‘had not noticed any excessive inattentiveness.'
“The trial court further stated, ‘The court did observe jury members that, on occasion, would close their eyes momentarily and thus appear to be asleep or inattentive, but who, on continued watching, would open their eyes and appear to give the witness the required attention.'”
In the next issue documents said, “Wallace argues that his right to confront witnesses was violated because the forensic examiner who tested the gunshot-residue sample did not testify at trial. Chad Suggs was the forensic examiner from the Mississippi Crime Laboratory who tested the sample, but David Whitehead testified regarding the results of the test.”
The appeals court argued that Wallace's attorney allowed Suggs to testify.
On the third issue concerning the alibi of witnesses, Wallace argued the trial court should have declared a mistrial after the state failed to question him about his alibi.
However, according to court documents, Wallace failed to object either during trial or in his post trial motions; thus, this issue is procedurally barred.”
In the last issue, Wallace claimed that combining all of these is a claim for appeal.
The court wrote, “Finding no error, there can be no cumulative error. This issue is without merit.”
Wallace is serving his sentence at Parchman Penitentiary.
Peterborough United are close to signing a Premier League goalkeeper ... but it isn't Luke McGee.
Posh have pulled the plug on a possible return to the ABAX Stadium for McGee after Spurs delayed any potential deal for the 21 year-old until August.
Luke McGee won't be returning to Posh.
With the release from his contract of youngster Dion-Curtis Henry and the decision of veteran Mark Tyler to concentrate on coaching, Posh are currently without a senior goalkeeper, so the club are not in a position to wait.
And Posh director of football Barry Fry has revealed he's already close to signing a different ‘keeper from the Premier League, either on loan or on a permanent basis.
Fry said: “Spurs will probably sell McGee, but it won't be until August, so we've moved on and identified somebody else. The Premier League clubs we're talking to are waiting to sign a goalkeeper themselves, then it'll happen.”
Brighton ‘keeper Christian Walton is one possible target. He was a success on loan at Luton and Southend last season, and has made an appearance for England Under 21s.
Posh have been linked with Brighton goalkeeper Christian Walton.
Posh have not given up on signing QPR midfielder Michael Doughty who Fry claims wants to join Posh. QPR have halted all transfer negotiations while they hold financial fairplay discussions with the Football League.
Fry has described his attempts to off-load more Posh players from the transfer list as ‘frustrating', but he expects movement out of the club in the next week.
Posh have agreed a fee with League Two side Coventries for right-back Michael Smith, but the player is yet to discuss personal terms.
Midfielder Brad Inman is a target for League Two big spenders Mansfield, but they have yet to mee Posh's valuation of the player, while Jordan Nicholson is of interest to several National League clubs, but is holding out for a Football League club.
Left-back Jerome Binnom-Williams is expected to be next out of the club following the departures of Hayden White and Lee Angol to Mansfield. Several League Two clubs are interested in the 22 year-old.
Striker Shaq Coulthirst is also talking to two League Two clubs. while fellow forward Matty Stevens is expected to join a League Two clubs on a season-long loan.
Fry added: “I was busy in Portugal last week at the Football League chairman meeting. I've set up numerous deals, but until the paperwork is completed nothing is guaranteed.
“It's a frustrating time every year as existing contracts don't run out until June 30 and managers and players are away on holiday. I'm confident we will get the deals the manager wants though.”
The story of the man admitted to Drake, the United States, the Army and now the office of admissions: but not in that order.
BY KATHERINE BAUER
On any given day on Drake University's campus, the assistant director of admission will walk down the stairs inside Cole Hall with a prospective student and his parents. The assistant director towers over the small family, and his initial appearance is rough and gruff. He seems to try and diminish his size to meet his guests on their level. At the bottom of the stairs, he sticks his hand out and shakes those of the family, a wide smile spreading across his face.
Amir Busnov is this towering figure. His closest friends describe him as a “great, big, bear of a guy.”
“But as soon as he smiles, he puts people at ease,” said David Skidmore, who taught Busnov many years ago when he attended Drake as an undergrad.
And while Busnov tries to diminish his size, he can't diminish his personality.
“He's kind of larger than life,” said Graham Gillette, one of Busnov's closest friends. “He's such a powerful force.”
Beyond his appearance, Busnov has been described as a “patriot,” a “hero,” and ultimately as the “all-American story.”
But Busnov uses a much humbler word to describe himself, one he's championed and made his own. Refugee.
“I carried civilians that had been blown into pieces from machine shell.”
Busnov was born over 5,000 miles away from Drake, in a small village in Bosnia called Srebrenica.
“It was pretty quiet, tranquil,” Busnov said of his former home.
Busnov grew up with a communist government, which spread a belief in brotherhood and unity.
“We were raised to believe that everything is nice and dandy,” he said. “We are all equal, that we love each other, that we would never let anyone conquer us or divide us.”
Unfortunately for Busnov and the over four million people living in Bosnia, that changed when the communist party fell apart.
“People didn't have anything they could rely on,” Busnov said. “There was nothing else they could organize around other than ethnicity and religious groups. And that's what it did. As soon as they did that in '91, hell broke loose.”
The BBC reported that divisions arose between the three main ethnic groups in Bosnia: Serbs, Bosnian Muslims and Croats. The Serbs and Croats wanted to unite with ethnically similar countries, while the Bosnian Muslims wanted to become an independent country.
Shortly after the fighting started, turbulence came to Srebrenica.
“(Srebrenica) was basically destroyed, burned to the ground, in the early months of the war,” Busnov said. “So my family, and myself included, escaped to another town.”
Busnov was already working as a police officer in Kladanj, the town about 40 miles away from his destructed home. However, he and his family couldn't escape the artillery fire.
“Everybody was fighting on a daily basis,” Busnov said. “I carried on multiple occasions civilians that had been blown into pieces from machine shell.”
Soon, Busnov's family realized they had to move on and the United States became their destination. Busnov said he had always wanted to move to America.
“I don't know for what reason, my entire life, even when I was growing up in Bosnia, I knew I was going to end up in the United States,” he said. “But I never believed it was possible.”
It was possible, but it took several years for Busnov's entire family to move to the States. They first moved to Croatia to wait for their U.S. resettlement applications to be approved. His brother arrived first in 1998. His parents and two sisters followed a year later.
Busnov didn't join his family until 2000. He said it was pretty awkward being the last one to go, but going back to Bosnia wasn't an option.
“If we had gone back to Bosnia, we would have been refugees living out of somebody's basement, working for probably a piece of bread a day,” he said.
“That was the first time I had seen my whole family, all in one place, since April of '92,” he said. “A lot of tears. A lot of happiness.”
“He's an American now.”
Busnov soon joined the National Guard.
“It's something I always wanted to do,” he said.
He was deployed three times. He was an enlisted soldier in Kosovo in 2003, worked as an analyst in Iraq in 2011 and in Afghanistan in 2012.
By joining the National Guard, Busnov was able to become a citizen.
He explains that a friend he met in basic training told him he could get his citizenship without getting a green card first, that a Bush-era executive order allowed active duty members to become citizens.
Busnov recalled going to get his citizenship in Omaha, Nebraska in 2002.
“I was in Omaha, wearing my uniform. I was talking to a lady, reading a list of questions. ‘Are you ready to bear arms?' And I said, ‘Are you serious?” And she said, “I'm sorry, we have to ask.'”
Busnov's patriotism is obvious whether or not he's wearing his uniform.
“It's his adopted country, and he's putting his life on the line,” said Jim Spooner, who has known Busnov for nearly 20 years. “That's pretty heavy stuff. And he's doing it with a source of pride that I think some of us that are less appreciative of what we've got could take note of.”
Spooner further explains that military personnel are sometimes able to take home a flag flown at their base and Busnov was lucky enough to bring one home. But he didn't keep it for himself.
“(He) gave it to my family for helping to take care of his wife and family,” Spooner said. “That's not something you really want to give up when you're dedicated to the flag, but he did.”
“He made it look easy.”
Even though the National Guard became a major part of his life, Busnov had some things to get used to living in America. His close friends said he made it look easy.
“He's kind of unstoppable,” Gillette said. “I don't want to minimize how hard it was for the Busnovs to come to a new country, but when he sets his mind to something, he doesn't let up.”
In Bosnia, Busnov said he learned about American culture from old Western movies and from foreign peacekeepers. This helped set him up for success once he moved to Des Moines.
“Usually when refugees come over, they have that culture shock because everything is so different,” Busnov said. “I already know how they sort of think.”
He said the one thing he could never really get used to be the food.
“There are things that you like to eat,” he said. “Culturally, (Bosnians) eat stuff at home, everybody cooks. But you have no places where you are so used to it to go out and have anything.”
Busnov's favorite Bosnian food is burek, and his mother “is probably the best burek maker between Mississippi and Missouri.”
“He's such a hungry learner.”
After settling his family into Des Moines and in between deployments, Busnov could be found at work or in a classroom.
“I wanted to study international relations,” Busnov said. “I was dead bent on studying international relations. I thought I'd see the world with it.”
He first attended DMACC to take some general education classes.
“Here's a guy that speaks four different languages, he's been around the world, he's fought for his country, and he has to start right at entry level to make this stuff happen,” Spooner said.
Busnov attended classes during the day and worked at night as a security guard at Prairie Meadows to support his family.
“There's nothing beneath him because he's a hard worker,” said Lynn Harper, another long-time friend of Busnov's.
After DMACC, all signs pointed to Drake.
“Somebody I talked to said, ‘Drake's your best bet,'” Busnov recalls.
He was accepted to the international relations program at Drake in 2005.
“We all wanted him to be successful,” said Eleanor Zeff, one of Busnov's professors. “We felt he should have every opportunity he could and he was willing to take advantage of it.”
Even though Busnov was at Drake to further his education, numerous professors said he taught others almost as much as they taught him.
“He brought so much into the classroom because he was older and had these extraordinary experiences,” said David Skidmore, another one of Busnov's former professors. “He just brought maturity of perspective and personal experience to the classroom that really helped the rest of us think more deeply about the issues we were discussing.”
“He was a very patient and an open person who listened to students, took their perspectives seriously and remained open to dialogue even when things were sometimes difficult for him to talk about,” said Debra DeLaet, another international relations professor.
While Busnov flourished in many aspects of his education, Zeff said one thing Busnov struggled with was writing.
“English was his second language. He was doing higher level work than what his papers would come out as. Obviously, his thinking was much more mature about issues and he was more involved in them, but then he couldn't quite express it in writing as much as he wanted to,” Zeff said.
Throughout his time at Drake, however, his writing improved.
“I worked really closely with him on a lot of these things and he got better and better and better,” DeLaet said. “And one thing I really appreciated is he sought out the help and was very patient in trying to work on those things because he did want to express himself as well as he could in writing.”
Busnov ended up graduating from Drake in 2007 at the top of his class, receiving the Elsworth P. Woods Prize for being an outstanding international relations student.
After graduating in 2007, his education didn't stop.
“So he decides to get a masters,” Spooner said. “So he's got to get into the executive MBA program in international relations. He got admitted to four out of the top five (programs).”
The program Busnov ended up a part of was the Tufts University Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.
“All based on not who he knows but what he knows,” Spooner said. “He (went to a school) with career diplomats and high profile executive business people and Amir, he did it all by strapping on the backpack and lacing up his boots. I was already proud of him for that because he showed his real colors there in terms of being among the elite.”
“Iowa Nice is not just an empty phrase.”
After finishing up school, Busnov and his family moved to California for a short time. However, Des Moines was on his mind.
“I'm attached to this place probably more than any other place,” Busnov said. “This is probably the most welcoming place I've ever been in the whole world. Iowa Nice is not just an empty phrase.”
After moving back to Des Moines and officially retiring from the military, Busnov was looking for something he could do for the rest of his life.
“I called him and said you need to think about this,” Gillette recalled sending Busnov an opening in the admission office at Drake.
That's how Busnov became the assistant director of admission. He now travels to high schools and college fairs, telling prospective students about Drake.
“I don't have to sell them anything,” he said. “I tell them my experience. Talking to students is the best part of the job for me.”
When he's not spreading the word about Drake, Busnov spreads the word about immigrants, refugees and Muslims.
“Des Moines is very lucky to have him,” Harper said. “I think of him kind of as an ambassador in Des Moines because so many people know him.”
Busnov wrote an opinion entitled “Terrorists are driven by hate, not Islam” for The Des Moines Register two years ago.
“That took a lot of courage,” Harper said. “In the one he wrote about Islam, it got some good reaction. But there are also some who criticized him or criticized his view. So, I think it takes a lot of courage to stand up.”
His friends say Busnov is all-American even though his story didn't start here.
“The reason I like talking about Amir is … he wasn't like you and I, born in the United States,” Spooner said. “He came to us not by accident of birth but by delivery of choice. He's certainly given me an appreciation for the struggles of people coming to the United States. It's made me a lot more proud to know him.”
And while many say he's a success story, Busnov and those who know him know refugees looking to come to America are facing steep challenges.
Busnov speculates that President Trump's attempts at travels bans on majority Muslim countries, had they been in place 20 years ago, would have kept someone like him from coming to the States.
“What he's trying to do is not what this country's about,” Busnov said. “They're trying to rewind everything that was accomplished for the last 60 years.”
Those who have met Busnov find it difficult to imagine their lives without him.
“Amir humanizes these issues,” DeLaet said. “The word refugee, I think sometimes people think it evokes sympathy, sometimes it evokes pity. But too often it doesn't evoke a sense of a real human being. So Amir appear puts a real human face on these issues.”
“We need to see refugees and hear the stories of refugees who have been success stories like Amir because there are so many other people who are talking about the negative aspects of refugee resettlement,” Harper said. “People need to be reminded of that.”
“Things will get taken care of.”
It's been nearly two decades since Busnov left Bosnia and started his new life in Des Moines. While he's had a strong impact on those who have met him here, he said that getting older makes “you kind of miss the opposite things.”
“(I miss) the relaxed atmosphere back in Bosnia,” he said. “Nobody's in a hurry. You don't worry about it. Things will get taken care of.”
Busnov said working at Drake is something he could do for the rest of his life. His friends say he could be a teacher or even an ambassador someday. But whatever he ends up doing, he'll continue sharing his story and leaving them with a positive impression of what it means to be a refugee.
Marlan P. Krug, 85, of Russell, Kansas, died on Friday, August 11, 2017, at the Wheatland Nursing Center in Russell.
Marlan was born on May 9, 1932, in Russell, Kansas, the son of Paul W. & LeNora Gertrude (Krause) Krug. He grew up in Russell and attended Russell schools. He worked for Deines Furniture Store, U.S.D. #407 Russell Public Schools as a custodian and Freemont Dairy. He was a member of Trinity United Methodist Church in Russell. He was a life member of the Russell V.F.W. Post #6240. He enjoyed collecting various items and was a quiet person strong in his faith.
Surviving family include his brothers Jeral L. Krug (Wanda) of Wichita, Kansas and Darrel L. Krug (Marilyn) of Newton, Kansas and sister Shirley M. Hackerott (Gary) of Osborne, Kansas.
He was preceded in death by his parents.
A celebration of Marlan's life will be held at 10:30 A.M. on Tuesday, August 15, 2017, at Pohlman-Varner-Peeler Mortuary of Russell, Kansas, with Pastor Roger Dennis officiating. Services will conclude at the mortuary and a private burial will follow the chapel service. Visitation will be from 9 A.M. to 8 P.M. Monday, August 14, 2017, at the mortuary. Family will greet guests the day of the funeral. Pohlman-Varner-Peeler Mortuary of Russell, Kansas, is in charge of the funeral service arrangements.
Independent senator David Leyonhjelm wants to amend the Sex Discrimination Act to protect businesses opposed to same-sex marriage.
A crossbench senator wants sex discrimination laws changed to protect the "proverbial wedding cake baker" and other businesses when same-sex marriage is made legal.
'So that it won't be discriminatory for suppliers of goods and services to refuse to supply those good or services in the context of solemnising marriage," Liberal Democrat David Leyonhjelm told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
"The proverbial wedding cake baker, florists, other suppliers of goods and services in the context of a wedding won't be in breach of the sex discrimination act if my amendment passes."
Crossbench senator Nick Xenophon said he would wait to see the details before deciding on a position.
"I think principles of non-discrimination are very important," he said.
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through her hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
She and her soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; she moved out two years ago and her husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," she said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," she said.
With the couple splitting up, she can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and her husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
The HDFC BC (CSC) will also function as business facilitator-facility to enable merchants, youth, entrepreneurs, farmers and women to borrow from the bank to support their economic upliftment.
New Delhi: The union government's common services centres (CSCs) across the country will operate as business correspondents (BCs) of HDFC Bank. An agreement between the two aims to create last-mile access points for financial services across the country.
There are approximately 300,000 CSCs in the country—access points with basic computing infrastructure run and operated by a local entrepreneur who lives in the same community.
It is an integral part of the ‘Digital India' initiative of the government to foster financial inclusion in the country.
A business correspondent is an approved bank agent providing basic banking service using a micro-ATM.
“This agreement is expected to be a game changer as it would significantly contribute to government's objectives of enabling Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) of various schemes,” said a statement from the union IT ministry.
Women, senior citizens and persons with disability are expected to benefit significantly through this initiative. This will facilitate withdrawal and deposit of government entitlements such as payments under MGNREGA as well as various social welfare schemes like widow pension, handicapped and old age pension, etc, the statement added.
The HDFC BC (CSC) will also function as business facilitator-facility to enable merchants, youth, entrepreneurs, farmers and women to borrow from the bank to support their economic upliftment.
Mint had reported earlier that IT ministry was in consultations with the finance ministry to implement the plan.
Over the last few months, the IT ministry has been pushing to increase the scope of banking activity carried out by CSCs.
In the post-apocalyptic world of The 100, a lot can happen in a six-year time jump. By the time the Season 4 finale ended, all your favorite survivors were separated into three groups when the radiation death wave hit. Clarke was left alone on the ground with her Nightblood protecting her from any radiation. Bellamy, Raven, Murphy, Monty, Echo, Emori, and Harper successfully made it up to the Ring from the old Ark in space, believing Clarke died so that they could live. And Octavia, Abby, Kane, Jaha, and the rest of the Skaikru joined up with the Grounders from all tribes in the bunker below the ground to ride out the radiation. Everyone expected to reunite after five years.
But in a shocking time jump revealed right before the Season 4 finale ended, it had been six years and Clarke was still on her own, albeit now with an adopted Nightblood Grounder daughter who she found alone on the ground. She had no communication with the Ring or the bunker, and a mysterious prison ship showed up in the valley she had made her home. Her peaceful bubble was shattered, and she was thrown into survival mode once more.
When Season 5 premieres on April 24, fans will finally get answers to what happened on the ground, in space, and in the bunker over the past six years and why the five-year deadline came and went without anyone reuniting. Plus, the mystery of who is on the prison ship and why they've come back to Earth will also be uncovered. And with a six-year time jump, everyone's relationships will have changed — after all, six years is longer than the characters have even known each other on the show! Bustle visited the set of The 100 back in the fall to get intel on how this new twist would shake up the lives of Clarke, Bellamy, and the rest of the fan-favorite relationships, and there's one thing for certain: Season 5 is going to feel like a totally new show.
On the Ground
The CW
What's a girl to do when all her friends successfully escaped the death wave by going up into space or locking themselves in an underground bunker, leaving her all alone? For Clarke, the answer was simple: survive for five years until they all return. But surviving on your own after the Earth dies again is not easy, and Clarke learns that pretty immediately. The Season 5 premiere is a harrowing, brutal journey for everyone's favorite leader, and Eliza Taylor brings such raw emotion to Clarke as she reaches the lowest of lows in her struggle for survival. But when Clarke finds and adopts Madi (Lola Flannery), everything changes.
"We thought she was going to be alone, but now having this little sidekick who she loves with all her heart, a surrogate daughter type, she's found some sort of peace and happiness," Taylor says. "Until of course the prison ship comes down," she adds with a laugh.
The CW
Taylor was excited to explore Clarke's maternal side this season. "I love their relationship. She's a good mom," she says. "She's stern with her though because Madi is cheeky, so she does really have to keep her in line and she's a very fierce little thing."
Though Season 5 begins with groups of characters separated, Taylor warns that there are only more changes to come. "There are a lot of changes. A lot," she says. "It's probably no secret that we will be reunited with both the people underground and the people in space. A lot has happened. A lot of people have changed quite dramatically."
And as for if there will be flashbacks to the past six years to catch up fans on what happened during the time jump, Taylor adds with a smile, "Yes. I'd say that's safe to say."
In Space
The CW
Trapping seven twenty-somethings in an abandoned space station for six years means that some sparks are going to fly, and some relationships won't last forever. Bob Morley wasn't surprised by the relationship changes among the Ring crew, because "that six years in space changed a lot."
"The group up there, we're calling them Spacekru or something like that, they are like this new family unit up there," Morley says. "Bellamy's had to use Clarke's advice of using his head and his heart to become more of a well-rounded leader up there. Raven is like his second-in-charge. Everyone runs things together."
The cohesive group "always make decisions together," he adds. "It's a nice community up there and it's definitely calmed him down from like fighting and killing people every other week." But that doesn't mean Bellamy is content to sit up in space and not reunite with his people on the ground. "The decision to get to the ground is very much driven by his need to see what's happening to his sister," Morley says. "He believes that Clarke has passed away and he doesn't know any of this stuff. That's the driving force for him, the hope that his sister is down there."
When (not if) Bellamy and Clarke do reunite, Morley warns that "it's obviously a huge shock for him."
The CW
"She's also focused on her unit, her family unit, which is Madi," he says. "And I have my Spacekru and they really deviate in that sense. There's no longer this community of the 100. Everyone's got their people now." This new division of Clarke's people vs. Bellamy's people are going to play a huge role this season in that the former co-leaders might find themselves on opposite sides for the first time in a very long time.
"In this particular season, it's very definitive as to who people are loyal to, so that dictates where their relationship is and where it goes," Morley adds. As for Raven, Lindsey Morgan warns that her inability to get the Ring crew to the ground for over a year is going to be taking a real toll on her.
"It's been her mission for these last six years to get everyone back to Earth," Morgan says. "The Ring wasn't supposed to be the permanent option of where they were supposed to live. The Ring was just the option while Praimfaya was taking over the Earth and once the Earth became inhabitable, it was always to go back to Earth. Raven has not found a solution for that yet and, as in Raven fashion, she is very upset that she's not smart enough to figure this out and she kind of carries the burden of this failure and disappointment of her friends on her and it weighs on her heavily."
With Raven becoming Bellamy's second-in-command, expect to see the former frenemies closer than ever. And the same goes for Raven and Murphy, surprisingly enough.
The CW
"Raven and Murphy have always had one of the most dynamic and complex relationships, I've felt, just because of him disabling her and everything they've gone through and now finding some kind of kindredness in each other," Morgan says. "They become friends. The six years was a long time and a lot of healing and Murphy became a different Murphy in the Ring. He became a team player and part of the family instead of just kind of being the solitary asshole that he usually is."
And the fact that Raven and Emori have grown closer in space also helped Raven and Murphy mend their past issues. "Emori's kind of become Raven's second in a sense," Morgan says. "And I think that bond has also brought her closer to Murphy, too."
But Murphy won't be the same Murphy fans have gotten to know over the past few seasons on The 100. "Six years in space, it's hard to maintain a purpose," Richard Harmon says. "On the ground, it's survival. In space, we figure out after awhile how to survive. If anyone has a hard time with a sense of direction, when there is no outside stimulus getting at him, it would be Murphy. He's lost his way a little bit over the six years and that's where we find him."
Although the crew on the Ring will all have become closer than ever since they've been trapped together for years, Harmon warns that not everyone will be in a good place when Season 5 begins.
The CW
"Without giving away too much of their relationships that we all have up in space, six years with just that same group of six or seven people, you kind of become a family after that amount of time," Harmon says. "But, families aren't perfect. You fight. You have issues with each other. That's the interesting thing to see, what our relationships are like. Everybody fights. A lot of therapy can happen in six years, but that doesn't mean that new qualms with each other won't arise. We are going to have issues."
As for Murphy and Emori's relationship, Harmon isn't spilling where viewers will find them at the start of Season 5. "That you are going to have to wait and see," he says with a smile. "He's a complicated guy. Six years with Murphy is a long time."
In the Bunker
The CW
If life on the ground and in space has been hard for the past six years, that's nothing compared to life in the bunker below ground. Octavia successfully created Wonkru, combining the Skaikru and the Grounders into one cohesive unit to share the bunker for five years. But the road to hell is paved with good intentions, as Octavia and the rest of the Skaikru soon learn. Six years leading the Wonkru in the bunker was no easy feat, and Octavia has come out of the other side of things a much different person/leader.
"Octavia has changed quite a bit," Marie Avgeropoulos says. "She takes a very creative way to help all the clans get along; there are a lot of old resentments among all the clans and old resentments don't die. So she has to come up with a very Octavia way to maintain order among the groups and you'll see exactly how that is in Season 5."
Those "creative" solutions end up earning Octavia a new moniker: The Red Queen. "This season gets a lot darker than last season, for sure," Avgeropoulos adds. "Wonkrew is the mantra that Octavia lives by definitely, but it sounds easier than it actually is to achieve. She comes up with this very destructive and dark path to create peace." No matter how many apocalypses the characters of The 100 live through, it seems they never learn a new way to survive other than darkness and destruction.
PARIS—Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The French company, one of the largest dairy groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
According to a list published on the French health ministry's website, the recall affects customers in countries around the world, including: Britain, Greece, Morocco, Sudan, Peru, Pakistan, Bangladesh and China.
Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “precautionary” recall both in France and abroad affects “several million” products made since mid-February.
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products called Picot SL, Pepti Junior 1, Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz.
Once you pass the honeymoon stage of your relationship, it's easy to start overlooking all the amazing qualities of your partner, sometimes even to the point you begin taking your relationship for granted. You might start to wonder if there's someone "better" out there, or someone who could meet even more of your needs. And while that's certainly possible, this feeling is almost always a case of "the grass is always greener."
"If you are with someone for long enough, there will be times when you wonder if someone else might be out there," clinical psychologist Dr. Josh Klapow, host of The Web Radio Show, tells Bustle. "It is because the unknown allows us to create our own false reality. We see our current partner, we see their strengths and weaknesses, their assets and flaws and then we compare that with something in our mind — the 'perfect' person who has all the assets and strengths of our partner with none of the flaws."
And while you certainly have every right to go looking for this potential person — especially if your current relationship is truly unhappy, or even straight up toxic — usually it's just about readjusting your expectations, and beginning to appreciate all the wonderful, loving, supportive traits your current partner brings to the table. Here are signs of a healthy, happy relationship experts say can be easy to overlook, but are definitely worth appreciating.
1 They're Kind & Generous Andrew Zaeh for Bustle It's easy to overlook all the little ways your partner shows kindness on a daily basis. But, when it comes to realizing you're in a solid, healthy relationship, these may be the very keys you need. As certified counselor Jonathan Bennett tells Bustle, "The research of John Gottman identified kindness and generosity as two major factors in a successful relationship. If your partner is truly kind and generous towards you, there's a good chance you will have a long-lasting, quality relationship with them." So even though you've gotten used to the fact they make you coffee every morning, and are always there when you need a shoulder to cry on, these little things may be exactly what you should focus on when it comes to truly appreciating your relationship.
2 You Can Be Yourself Around Them Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Comfort levels and authenticity are other major factors that can be easily overlooked. But they're still worth remembering. "If you're dating someone who truly accepts your authentic self without reservations and doesn't seek to change you, you've found a keeper," Bennett says. "Being authentic is a key component of happiness and you want a partner that encourages it." This type of rapport may be due to your natural chemistry, or it may be a result of the trust and connection you've built over the years — and both can be tough to replace.
3 They're The First Person You Call Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Who springs to mind when you first hear great news, or really bad news? It's fine to think of a friend or family member, but your partner should be high up on that list, too. And if they are, that's a pretty big indicator that they're an important and valuable part of your life. "Relationships are about emotional connection — not just two people spending time together, living with each other, or [being] sexually involved," relationship counselor Raffi Bilek, LCSW-C, director of the Baltimore Therapy Center tells Bustle. "If you are excited to share your experiences and your internal world with your significant other, it's a sign that this relationship is on the right track."
4 You Can Argue In A Civil Way Andrew Zaeh for Bustle We often equate arguments with "bad" relationships. But being able to argue, and feeling comfy enough to share your thoughts in a healthy way, is actually pretty major. "You know you've got someone special when you can disagree and even argue but not need to fight," Caleb Backe, a health and wellness expert with Maple Holistics, tells Bustle. "Relationships are hard and require both parties to make sacrifices." That's why, if you're both willing and able to do that for each other, you should count yourselves lucky.
5 They Encourage You To Grow & Improve Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Happy, healthy couples encourage each other to grow and change. So be on the lookout for all that support your partner throws your way, as it can be a sign you've got a good thing going. "Signs that you have a great partner are when your partner is supportive, reliable, and generous with their time," Jane Reardon, licensed therapist and founder of RxBreakup tells Bustle. "These are all signs of a healthy partnership because a great partner encourages you to be your best at all times and they bring the best out of you."
6 There's A Solid Foundation Of Trust Andrew Zaeh for Bustle When there's a solid foundation of trust in the relationship, you'll both "have healthy friendships outside of each other and have your own separate interests," relationship experts Liz and Linda, founders of The2ndDate matchmaking service, tell Bustle. "You aren't co-dependent, you enjoy being on your own at times, but still miss each other when you are apart and look forward to being back together." If you have all those things with your current partner, why keep looking?
7 You Have Healthy Boundaries With Each Other Ashley Batz/Bustle If you two have or need a lot of boundaries, it may feel like you don't have a good relationship. But did you know the opposite is actually true? "Sometimes we feel that partners who set boundaries — who are strong individuals, who are independent — don't 'need us,'" says Dr. Klapow. But that's not true, Dr. Klapow says, because they want us, and that is more powerful. Boundaries show that you're together because you want to be, not because you have to be. And what could be more meaningful than that?
8 They're Supportive Of Your Dreams Andrew Zaeh for Bustle While you're out chasing your dreams, it can be easy to forget that your partner's there in the background, cheering you on. But their encouragement shouldn't be something you take for granted — or something you want to get away from. "Sometimes this support feels frustrating; it feels like they are 'on you,'" Dr. Klapow says. "It may even make you want to look elsewhere, but it is the person who cares about you enough to help you reach your true potential (not their vision of your potential) who is an asset that you need to keep around."
9 They Remember The Little Things Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Is your partner the type of person who surprises you with something you mentioned wanting six months ago, and then completely forgot about? If they remember the little things, "it shows that they are a good listener," dating and relationship expert Julie Spira tells Bustle. And the same is true for the non-material. "For example, if you're nervous about a presentation at the office, and your partner offers to help or be a sounding board, it's a great sign," Spira says. "If they take it a step further and send you a text wishing you good luck before your meeting, and check in after it's over, you know you're in a healthy relationship with someone who really cares."
10 They Want To Make Your Life Easier Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If your partner wants to help you out every day, they're a keeper. "Whether that's [helping with your chores] or running some errands you didn't get to today, little things like this go a long way to show that someone genuinely cares about your wellbeing," author and natural lifestyle expert Jaya Jaya Myra tells Bustle. Someone who truly cares about you will want to lighten your load, and that's not something that should be shrugged off or overlooked.
The number one thing on everyone's New Year's Resolutions list is eating healthier and losing weight.
Cleveland fitness trainer Johnathan Beamon shared tips on how to keep that number one thing on your New Year's Resolutions list all year long.
Beamon said the number one thing is to stay consistent.
"Just because you want to lose weight by a certain time is O.K. but what are you going to do when you reach that goal? It can't be temporary, you have to take small baby steps everyday," said Beamon.
Clinical Nutrition Director of North Sunflower Medical Center Cary Moore also stressed that consistency and taking baby steps is important.
Moore said, "First, make a long-term goal then make short-term goals to help reach the long-term goal. Focus on one to two changes at a time, and once you've accomplished those, move on to the next one and two changes."
Moore said small changes typically bring lasting results.
According to the American Psychological Association, it is important to start small and make resolutions you think you can keep. If you want to exercise more frequently, schedule three or four days a week at the gym instead of seven.
There have been a total of only 8% people who are successful in achieving their New Year's Resolutions and that is because of consistency.
"It is important to keep your clients motivated and to communicate with them at all times, because communication and trust is important," Beamon said.
Beamon said when you build that type of relationship with them and keep them active; it is a cause for great results.
There are also many foods Beamon recommended for individuals not to take in as much if they are serious about getting fit for the new year.
"I always recommend to my clients not to eat any fast foods, no junk food, no sodas, no pastries, no fried foods," said Beamon.
Moore said snacking on fruits and vegetables helps us to meet out daily intake.
"Fruits and veggies, always! Based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, we don't eat enough of it," Moore said.
Moored added to also limit added sugars to 10% of your daily diets.
According to 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, less that 10 percent of your daily calories should come from saturated and trans fats.
Beamon said, "It's all about portions and how much you take in."
Moore also gave tips to individuals who have diabetes.
Moore said, "My advice specifically for people who have diabetes is to make sure they are checking their blood sugars first, you have to know your numbers. If one is unsure how food affects their blood glucose, eat the food, wait two hours and check your blood sugar."
Moore said no foods are off limits with people who have diabetes as it all goes back to proper portions sizes.
Beamon said if you want to reach your goal in 2017, you must know how to stay consistent, motivated, make time to workout with a crazy schedule, and how to prepare the right meals.
Moore said, "Consistency is key, and consistent exercise must be part of the plan as well."
City Reporter
The Investigation Police of Manwan Police Station have busted an inter-district gang of thieves and arrested its three members and recovered Rs 2 million in cash and illegal weapons from them.
In-charge Investigation Manwan led the special police team which conducted a raid and arrested Imran alias Mani, the ring leader, and his two accomplices — Munawar and Waseem — along with the booty.
Without much doubt, Kathleen Wynne is the most-qualified candidate running for premier in the Ontario election. She's smart, articulate, passionate, knows the issues and to many observers was the winner in last Sunday's televised debate. She stands head and shoulders over Doug Ford, who is an embarrassment to many progressives in the Conservative party with his simplistic slogans, inexcusable refusal to release a full platform and lack of understanding of the complexity of many issues facing the province.
Premier Kathleen Wynne during a news conference on government assets in April 2015 where she announced beer would soon be sold in up to 450 supermarkets and Ontario will sell up to 60 per cent of the publicly owned Hydro One. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
She's also a tougher campaigner than Andrea Horwath, whose NDP party is riding high in recent polls, but may have peaked too soon. But barring a last-minute miracle, Wynne will lose the June 7 election badly. She'll lose so badly that her governing Liberals may be reduced to just 12 seats, or even fewer, thus running the risk of losing status as an official party in the Legislature.
Article Continued Below
And she'll lose so badly that she may be defeated in her own riding of Don Valley West. In reality, Wynne lost this election more than three years back, on April 23, 2015. That's day when the Liberals formally announced in the provincial budget that they would be selling 60 per cent of Ontario Hydro, the provincially owned utility that transmits electricity across the province and distributes it to 1.4 million households. She made the move after embracing the findings of a pro-business panel headed by former TD Bank chair Ed Clark that recommended the sale. It was her biggest mistake as premier — one from which she never recovered. On that day Wynne's personal approval rating was holding relatively steady at about 32 per cent, after having peaked in the low-40s during the 2014 provincial election. Since then, her approval rating has been in free fall, dropping to as low as 12 per cent in 2017 before rebounding a wee bit earlier this year. Those same trends have hit the Liberal party.
Wynne stubbornly ignored wise advice even from her most trusted political strategists in approving the sale, insisting voters would ultimately see the benefit of using $4 billion to $5 billion from the sale to pay for new roads, bridges and public transit such as buses and subway lines. But Wynne totally misread the public, who saw Hydro One as belonging to all Ontarians. Also, the utility was hugely profitable, making about $750 million a year, with nearly $300 million going to Queen's Park.
Article Continued Below
Polls showed more than 80 per cent of Ontarians opposed the sale, with nearly three in four believing privatization would increase electricity prices. A top Liberal campaign organizer says one internal poll at that time indicated up to 90 per cent of Liberal supporters themselves were against the sale. What also angered voters was that Wynne had never talked about selling off Hydro during the 2014 election. Suddenly, even for Liberal loyalists, there were questions about whether Wynne could be trusted. No longer was she seen as a “different style” of politician, but instead had become just like any other politician who says one thing and does another. How could she have been so out of touch with voters? After that, everything Wynne did was seen by voters with a different, more critical eye, from her access-for-cash fundraiser, to the Sudbury byelection controversy, to her last-gasp efforts to toss money at everything from free tuitions for students from low-income families to a higher minimum wage. To this day Wynne defends her decision. She said this week during a Toronto Star editorial board meeting that she knows people were “surprised and angry” with the sale. But she said she “didn't see how else” she could raise the money to build badly needed infrastructure projects. Of course, she could have raised taxes, but chose the route the business guys wanted her to take. With just a week before election day, Wynne's Liberals trail the NDP and Tories in every poll. A survey by Angus Reid Institute even indicates 45 per cent of those who backed Wynne in 2014 now preferring the NDP. If those polls hold and Wynne loses big, remember April 23, 2015. Bob Hepburn is a politics columnist and based in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @BobHepburn
Read more about:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eden Hazard has dropped a major hint over his future amid reports Real Madrid are keen to bring the Belgium forward to the Bernabeu.
The 26-year-old, who netted 16 times for Chelsea last season, was a huge component in Antonio Conte's title-winning side.
His brilliant form captured the eye of Los Blancos boss Zinedine Zidane, who looked set to make Hazard his latest Galactico.
However, a broken ankle threw a spanner in the works, as the Belgian was forced to go under the knife, and is not expected to be back in training until September.
(Photo: PA)
Real Madrid have not entirely cooled their interest in the playmaker, who could still make the move to La Liga ahead of next season.
And, according to reports, Chelsea are considering other options should Hazard opt to leave Stamford Bridge for pastures new.
The Belgian recently spoke out about the Blues' achievements last season, where he suggested he would be staying in south west London.
(Photo: Reuters)
"Hopefully next year it is the same, we win the league and then I win Player of the Year," Hazard told Chelsea's official website.
"Obviously winning the league is what we want most, and this award is just a bonus.
(Photo: Getty)
"We started this season well and we won the league but next year we have to work as hard as we have this season.
"We have to be ready every year at the same level to stay at the top.
(Photo: REUTERS)
"I know if I score I can help the team win games and in the new system I've been closer to Diego, and closer to the goal.
"So it's been easier to penetrate, make assists and score goals."
ANalysis Europe's highest court has ruled that notorious torrent search engine The Pirate Bay infringes copyright, opening the door for ISPs across the continent to be obliged to block access to it.
The decision is just the latest in a seven-year legal battle between Dutch anti-piracy group Brein and ISPs Ziggo and XS4All, and provides critical legal clarity over how The Pirate Bay is viewed in law.
In legal terms, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) has decided that The Pirate Bay is carrying out an "act of communication" when it links to torrent files.
Even though these files are submitted by its users, and even though the copyrighted material that the torrent files download are not hosted by The Pirate Bay, the site still "plays an essential role in making those works available," said an official statement [PDF] from the court.
The court notes that The Pirate Bay not only offers a search engine for files, but also categorizes them by genre, type and popularity. It also deletes faulty files and actively filters some content. All of which means, in the court's view, that The Pirate Bay is knowingly providing access to copyright-protected work without the permission of the relevant rights holders.
"The operators of The Pirate Bay cannot be unaware that this platform provides access to works published without the consent of the rightholders," the court decided. And it noted that this activity was carried out "with the purpose of obtaining a profit."
While all this may seem obvious to anyone who visits the site, legally the decision puts The Pirate Bay in a very different category: from unwitting hoster of files to copyright infringer. And that status change may be sufficient to require ISPs to block their subscribers from accessing the site.
Back and forth
One of the ISPs at the center of the fight, XS4All, has put out a statement acknowledging that the court has clarified in law whether The Pirate Bay is infringing copyright, but it points out that it still falls to the Dutch Supreme Court to decide whether forcing it to block access to the site is "proportionate" in law.
The legal fight has been lengthy and has swung both ways, putting a spotlight on the complicated legal questions that the internet has thrown up.
Back in July 2010, a Dutch court ruled that Ziggo and XS4All did not have to block The Pirate Bay, arguing that such a block was unjustified and ISPs couldn't be held liable for the actions of their users. It also said that Brein had failed to produce hard evidence for its claims of widespread infringement.
That decision was seemingly backed up by a different court decision that same month in Belgium concerning two other ISPs – Belgacom and Telenet. It again concerned a block to The Pirate Bay and the court ruled against it, saying the block was "disproportionate."
A year later, in October 2011, that latter decision was overruled on appeal and Belgacom and Telenet were ordered to block The Pirate Bay (and its multiple domain names) – something that one advocacy group called a "dangerous precedent" for Belgium and Europe more broadly.
Then, in March 2012, the Dutch Ziggo and XS4All case brought by Brein was also overturned on appeal. A court in The Hague ruled that the ISPs did in fact have to block access and would face a €1,000 (US$1,120)-per-day fine if they failed to do so.
Music magazine sends correspondent to Capital Region as part of their new video series, “The Scene.”
One of the most iconic music publications in the world recently featured Victoria during an in-depth video piece looking at the city's vibrant music scene and its summer festivals.
Rolling Stone sent one of its correspondents to cover the Phillips Backyard Weekender in the provincial capital last month as the first part in its new video series, “The Scene.”
Anyone familiar with Victoria will see many popular locations featured in the video including Ditch Records, the Drake Eatery, Wildfire Bakery and Phillips Brewery.
During the six-minute documentary film they also talk about Rifflandia, the multi-venue music festival that takes over many parts of downtown Victoria in September.
The whole concept came together through help from Tourism Victoria, and tourism marketing agencies at the provincial and federal government levels.
RELATED: Island Health hopes to reduce drug overdoses at music festivals
Explore the music scene in Victoria, British Columbia and the places that help it thrive https://t.co/RUH347KMri @ExploreCanada — Rolling Stone (@RollingStone) August 11, 2017
@ragnarhaagen
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Most golfers don't get a mulligan.
But 20 years after he played in the United States Open at Congressional Country Club, John Pillar Sr. is getting another shot.
This time, the director of golf at the Country Club at Woodloch Springs, who turned 50 this year, will play in the Senior U.S. Open, June 29-July 2 at Salem Country Club in Peabody, Mass.
“It's going to be a blast,” said Pillar, who missed the cut in 1997 by five shots. “I'm looking forward to having the whole family there. They've been around some events I've played, but that's what I'm most looking forward to about the experience.
“I think I'll appreciate it much more this time. Twenty years ago, John (Jr.) was in a stroller, we were pushing him around and then we had his Christening, and in the blink of an eye, it was over. I said, ‘I wish I had done this or that.' I'm going to enjoy this experience.”
The call to play came Monday while he was on the range during the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders golf outing at Woodloch.
“I answered the phone and a woman said she was with the United States Golf Association and asked me if I would like to play in the United States Senior Open,” Pillar said. “I just had weird feeling that was going to happen.”
Pillar was the first alternate in qualifying May 24 at Indiana (Pa.) Country Club, and was told the alternate from that site made the field four of the past five years.
It's now five of six.
Pillar was second overall — only the top qualifier went — and he missed being the medalist by one stroke, less than two weeks after shooting the low score at local U.S. Open qualifying at the Country Club of Scranton.
“I wanted to try to get medalist in both, but I had a weird feeling about it,” Pillar said. “And getting the call the other day, it was great.”
It sets up a whirlwind two weeks for Pillar, whose son, Kyle, graduates from Wallenpaupack Area High School on Friday evening.
After graduation, Pillar and his youngest son, Alex, will fly to Oregon at the crack of dawn Saturday to play in the Senior PGA Club Pro championship, where the top 20 finishers will be invited to play in the Senior PGA.
“I'm kind of doing the Phil (Mickelson) thing, except I don't have a private plane,” Pillar joked.
A six-hour flight, a three-hour drive to follow and four rounds of golf will be followed by a red-eye flight home before Pillar packs up the family for a trip 20 years in the making.
“You learn to appreciate it and I wanted to get into another major, whether it was the PGA or another Open,” Pillar said. “This is what makes the game so great. It's a lifelong pursuit of the golf swing. It's humbling at many times and sometimes the opportunities arise and other times they don't.
“The Woodloch families have been great in supporting me, and I love representing this area. I've been very fortunate.”
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
MP: Azerbaijan keen to strengthen relations with OSCE PA
2017-04-18 12:17 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Apr. 18
By Anakhanum Hidayatova – Trend:
Azerbaijan intends to strengthen relations with the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly (OSCE PA), Azay Guliyev, Azerbaijani MP and OSCE PA deputy chairman, told reporters in Baku Apr. 18.
Guliyev noted that in connection with this, Azerbaijani parliament's Speaker Ogtay Asadov has invited OSCE PA President Christine Muttonen to Azerbaijan.
“We hope that the visit will take place in the near future,” said the MP adding that the next meeting of the OSCE PA will be held in Copenhagen on Apr. 23-24.
---
Follow the author on Twitter: @Anahanum
The lead up 2018 Super Bowl has basically involved hordes of football fans from Philadelphia and New England descending on the fine state of Minnesota, clogging up the roads, complaining about the cold and then having a really nice time once they suck it up and go outside.
No place this cold should be this pleasant. It makes no sense. I've basically lived in the Mall of America for a week and I've only gone partially insane
At least, that's the only reasonable explanation for what just happened: I think I just enjoyed a peanut butter and fluff burger.
The Fluffernutter Juicy Lucy from The 5-8 Club
A Juicy Lucy is a miracle of meat that has a history here in Minneapolis. It's where you put a bunch of cheese between two beef patties instead of on top. Juicy Lucies are great, and so is The 5-8 Club, which is one of the signature places to order one.
With the Super Bowl in town, though, the 5-8 Club decided to dream up some special-edition burgers for the teams involved. The Philadelphia Eagles got a cheesesteak version (because, duh). But the New England Patriots? They got a Fluffernutter version.
How's it work? Here's the official description they use:
"An American cheese-stuffed Juicy Lucy, topped with marshmallow blue cheese sauce, creamy peanut butter, and our famous onion straws."
As crazy as this burger sounds, this burger is made using all things the 5-8 Club already had in-house. They already have a Peanut Butter Juicy Lucy on the menu. As for the fluff/blue cheese sauce? They've already been using that for years as a dipping sauce for their sweet potato fries. It's like candied yams -- as fries. (It's a wonder no one's thought of this yet.)
So was it any good?
A regular Juicy Lucy is a meat-and-cheese epiphany. It's like eating a cheeseburger for the first time again, inside-out.
It's brilliant because it looks like a big boring plain hamburger on a bun. But when you bite in, there's an explosion of flavor. It doesn't even need condiments.. The cheese and the meat juice blend so well that the moisture levels are already on point.
That's the standard version. The Fluffernutter version? It's pretty dominated by the peanut butter and fluff elements but still carries that Juicy Lucy punch.
First off, this thing is messy. The heat from the burger makes the peanut butter especially drippy. It will spill onto your pants if you are not careful, regardless of whether you underpacked for a nine-day trip to Minnesota.
The blue cheese/fluff sauce is the first thing that will pop out, which is a good thing. It's a sweet sauce that's mellowed out a little bit by the presence of the blue cheese. It adds a little zest, a little funk to cut down what's normally a sugar bomb.
If you've had burgers with blue cheese that have an overall sweet flavor profile, then these aren't too far off the map.
As for the peanut butter, it overpowers the cheese, which is good. Honestly, I had reservations about those flavors hanging out together. In this case, it's a savory mix of the meat and peanut butter playing off the sweetness of the fluff/blue cheese sauce. It's a trip.
Afterglow rating
Is this thing an unhealthy caloric monstrosity?
Well, you see. I don't need that kind of negativity. The temperature is negative enough as it is (-17 wind chill in the morning before I went to eat this).
No, I choose to look at this a "protein-packed." Beef? Protein. Cheese? Protein. Peanut butter? Protein. Onion strings? That's.... a vegetable? Fluff? OK, nothing's perfect.
So yeah. I'm gonna enjoy all this protein and bulk up for the winter, get all swole with my new muscles, right as I finish taking this nap under this table.
The final word
I'm going to be up front: I have way too much bias to be a respectable judge for this burger.
There was no way I was ever going to say anything bad about anything fluffernutter related. Peanut butter and fluff is my cultural Kryptonite. Sure, yeah, it's not the best burger I've had. It's not even the best Juicy Lucy I've had this week. But I will get into arguments about it and defend it to the death.
I don't eat as many fluffernutters as I used to. But what I do now is I take that fluff side and pop it under a broiler for a couple minutes. That creates that caramelized marshmallow effect and gives it a little crunch without toasting the bread. The heat also loosens up the peanut butter a little bit by melting it.
Yeah, you want one now, don't you? You're welcome.
"I ate it so you don't have to" is a regular food column looking at off-beat eats, both good and bad. It runs every other Thursday-ish at noon-ish (usually).
You can send any praise/food suggestions to nomalley@masslive.com. Please send all criticisms and questions about why Nick took like 30 power bars from the Super Bowl media lounge kduffy@masslive.com. You can check out the rest of the series here.
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki took to the service's Creator Blog last night to issue some broad goals for the year forward. The plans largely revolve around increased transparency on the company's part and tightening enforcement — a pretty clearly reaction to multiple creator controversies over the past year and change, including, most recently, the suicide video posted by YouTube star, Logan Paul.
Wojcicki doesn't actually refer to Paul — or any other creators— by name here, and the fixes outlined in the piece are admittedly pretty abstract. In many cases, they're a simple reaffirmation of policies the service has already put in place, including a crack down on impersonating accounts and posting misleading thumbnails.
The executive does, however, promise to improve the enforcement of existing policies, with a combination of machine learning and human policing that will bring total number of Google/YouTube employees checking for questionable content north of 10,000.
“We realize we have a serious social responsibility to get these emerging policy issues right, so we seek advice from dozens of expert advisors and third-parties,” Wojcicki writes. “For example, on issues of hate speech we work with the Anti-Defamation League in the U.S. and on issues of self-harm, we work with the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.”
I've been listening closely to your thoughts and ideas this past year, so wanted to share my priorities for creators in 2018: https://t.co/okhcyfNJCz — Susan Wojcicki (@SusanWojcicki) February 2, 2018
In addition to the recent Paul controversy, which showed a body hanging in Aokigahara, Japan's “suicide forest,” YouTube's platform has come under fire a number of times in the past year. Early last year, the site canceled a premium show with PewDiePie after the Swedish internet personality paid people to carry a sign bearing the phrase “Death to all Jews.”
Wojcicki adds that the company is working toward a better method for demonetizing content. “While we worked hard this year to provide an appeals system and quicker responses to creators when a video is demonetized,” she writes, “we've heard loud and clear that we need a better system. We're currently working on a more accurate solution that includes more human review of your content, while also taking your own input into account.”
Following in Facebook's footsteps, YouTube is also cracking down on “fake news,” following a spike in malicious content designed to sway political opinion on a massive scale. That includes harsher penalties for channels caught doing “something egregious that causes significant harm to our community as a whole.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Now the buzz of a new iPhone and Christmas is over, the world is prepping for the arrival of a new Samsung phone.
So much so that Carphone Warehouse and Mobiles.co.uk have both already launched their pre-registration pages for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 amid the excitement.
This means that you'll be first in line to hear about and pre-order the handset as soon as it lands.
To make sure that you're in the priority list, you'll need to enter your email address on Carphone Warehouse's pre-reg page - or Mobiles.co.uk's version - and they'll ping you a message when the big news is announced.
(Image: Androidandme.com)
While Samsung confirmed at the beginning of the month that it will take the wraps off both the Galaxy S9 and the Galaxy S9 Plus on February 25th at Mobile World Congress (MWC 2018) in Barcelona, Spain, most reports suggest that pre-orders will open on March 2nd.
Expected to retail for around the £650 mark, it won't be too much more expensive than its predecessor, and will mean a big price difference between the latest handset and its immediate competitor, the £999 iPhone X.
While there's still very little news on what to actually expect from the new device, apart from the fact the new phone will have increased camera performance.
But if you want to read more rumours about what to expect from Samsung's offering, we'll be updating this page with all the latest tip-offs and rumours as they're spotted.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:18 am |
A gun seized in a raid on a warehouse owned by a weapons merchant in Yatta, Sunday night. (IDF Spokesman)
YERUSHALAYIM - Early Monday, an IDF soldier was lightly injured when Arab rioters threw stones and bricks at an army patrol. The incident occurred in Akabat Jabbar, near Jericho. The soldier was treated at the scene and taken for further treatment to a hospital in Jerusalem.
Overnight Sunday, IDF soldiers raided a weapons cache in the Arab village of Beit Sahour, near Yerushalayim. In addition, soldiers raided a warehouse owned by a weapons merchant in Yatta, an Arab town near Chevron. All the weapons were confiscated, and the Arabs who had them were arrested
Overnight Sunday, security officials said they arrested 12 wanted security suspects in other areas in Yehudah and Shomron. The suspects were wanted for participating in rioting and throwing stones and firebombs that endangered Israeli civilians and IDF soldiers. Several of the suspects were also charged with belonging to Hamas. All were being questioned on their activities by security forces.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new TK Maxx is set to open in Huntingdon in less than a week.
The fashion store will open its doors for the first time at 9am on Thursday, October 12, in the Chequers Court Shopping Centre.
The popular retailer is promising a "treasure hunt shopping experience", with designer labels and one-off gems in fashion, accessories, beauty and home wares on offer.
The new store's address is Chequers Court Shopping Centre, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 3FG.
Our new free news app is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
Participants in this event will also deal with the effect of climate change on disaster situations and will promote the exchange of ideas on the issue
Cuban and foreign experts are attending in Havana the 10th International Congress on Disasters, an event organized by the Civil Defense and the Fire Brigade of this Caribbean nation, which will last until Friday, July 6.
The event aims to bring together authorities, officials, scientists, professionals, specialists and activists from around the world to promote an inclusive vision on issues such as sustainable development, climate change adaptation, reduction and resilience of disaster risk.
According to organizers, the congress has a broad-spectrum scientific program, which includes the different kinds of hazards, vulnerabilities and risks associated with them in the different stages.
Participants in this event will also deal with the effect of climate change on disaster situations and promote the exchange of ideas and knowledge.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Google's US-only carrier, Project Fi, has added three new phones to its arsenal to give users (current and prospective) some more options. You'll now be able to pre-order the Moto G6, LG V35 ThinQ and LG G7 ThinQ directly through Google's online Fi portal.
Formerly limited to Google-made phones due to their unique cellular radios which utilize both CDMA (Sprint) and GSM (T-Mobile and US Cellular), Project Fi has grown considerably in the past year to include third-party options.
The current offering now includes the aforementioned additions, building on the lineup of the Moto X4, Google Pixel 2 and Google Pixel 2 XL. If you own a Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P or one of the original Google Pixel phones, those will work on the carrier as well.
Moto's G6 and X4 are the cheapest options for Fi customers by a long shot, coming in at $199 and $249, respectively. If you want to opt for something more premium, your best bet is an outdated Google phone or the new Google Pixel 2, which starts at $649. LG's options sit at the top of the offerings in terms of price and spec, with the G7 ThinQ at $749 and the V35 ThinQ at a staggering $899.
While only available in the US, Fi is an awesome pay-per-GB service that offers robust international coverage without charging an extra fee. It's great to see this service growing, but we still wonder when Google will let international customers into the mix
New Delhi: India on Friday rejected recent media reports that said Chinese troops had again occupied the Doklam plateau in Bhutan, which was the scene of a tense standoff between India and China for 73 days earlier this year.
“There are no new developments at the face-off site and its vicinity since the 28th August disengagement,” Indian foreign ministry spokesman Raveesh Kumar said in a statement. “The status quo prevails in this area. Any suggestion to the contrary is incorrect,” the statement said.
A report in the India Today news magazine last week said China had amassed troops on the plateau again, after India and China announced a pull-out in 28 August.
The Doklam standoff was triggered when Chinese troops started constructing a road on the plateau that Bhutan claims as its territory. Indian troops stationed in Bhutan under a special security arrangement intervened to keep Chinese troops at bay. India said the action to construct the road changed the status quo and expressed concern that the road will allow China to cut off access to northeastern states.
Another report in The Times of India earlier this week had said that China was now upgrading and widening its existing motorable road in Dokalam.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un says he will watch the actions of the United States a while longer before making a decision on firing a missile towards Guam.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has received a report from his army on its plans to strike the area around Guam and says he will watch the actions of the US for a while longer before making a decision, the North's official news agency says.
"The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash," Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA on Tuesday..
The North's leader ordered the army should always be fire-ready should he make a decision for action, the report said.
The comments come after US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said the United States would know the trajectory of a missile fired by North Korea within moments and would "take it out" if the missle looked like hitting the US Pacific territory of Guam.
US officials and South Korea's president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict after Washington and Pyongyang exchanged fiery rhetoric last week.
But Mattis told reporters on Monday that war could break out if North Korea were to fire a missile at the US.
"If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly," Mattis said.
Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen questions Prime Minister Justin Trudeau decision to purchase the Kinder Morgan pipeline in the House of Commons on May 30. (CPAC photo)
The Trans Mountain pipeline may be located in the Lower Mainland, but Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen had some choice words for the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today over the decision to purchase the project.
“Liberals do know it's not legal to smoke weed until August right because this makes no sense at all,” Cullen said to Trudeau in a heated debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday, May 30.
“Only Liberals would dump $4.5 billion on a 65-year-old pipeline and call that an energy strategy. Only Liberals would try to force through a pipeline and tankers through traditional First Nations territory and call that reconciliation,” Cullen said, adding, “Watch he's about to say the environment and economy go together.”
#QP 8/ @nathancullen PM will say that enviro & economy must go together. You know what else must go together? Making promise to Cdns & then actually keeping it.@CanadianPM NDP celebrated Rachel Notley's approach…plan included getting oil resources to new markets pic.twitter.com/5uRwQJSvHp — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Cheers of support for Cullen, a member of the NDP, erupted from the House. In response, Trudeau reminded the House that the NDP had “celebrated” Alberta Premier Rachel Notley's plan to both protect the environment and grow the economy.
“Part of that plan included three elements, one, an absolute cap on oil sands emissions, two, a price on carbon that would apply to the Alberta economy, and three, getting our oil resources to new markets,” Trudeau said, emphasizing that Notley is also NDP.
Cullen questioned the uncertainty of the project. If it was such a great risk for a commercial entity to take on, why would it be fair for the Canadian public to pick up the risk, he asked Trudeau. The Prime Minister responded with a quote from Notley that the government met the deadline set by Kinder Morgan and “this project has more certainly than ever.”
“We have demonstrated that despite the actions of one province trying to block this pipeline, the project is in the national interest and the jobs that will be assured and defended in this project are in an integral part of our plan to fight climate change and grow the economy for future generations,” Trudeau said.
#QP 9/ @nathancullen If it's too risky for an oil pipeline co. to build an oil pipeline, why is it OK for Cdn public to assume all that risk…@CanadianPM …Despite one province trying to block pipeline, project is integral part of plan to fight climate change & grow economy pic.twitter.com/B8LfsMPLqX — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Opponents to the Kinder Morgan project cite a 700 per cent increase in oil tanker traffic along the B.C. coast as one of the major red flags.
Cullen has been a fierce advocate for the oil tanker ban on the North Coast, tabling a private member's bill for a tanker ban in 2014. While he was pleased to see Bill C-48, the Oil Tanker Moratorium Act, pass through the House of Commons in early May, he said it took too long, and now they have to wait for the Senate to pass the bill.
READ MORE: Trans Mountain pipeline – The economics of oil
shannon.lough@thenorthernview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
HONOLULU—A woman accused of deliberately driving off a Hawaii cliff and killing her identical twin sister was acquitted of murder Thursday.
Second Circuit Judge Peter Cahill found Alexandria Duval not guilty after a trial that started Monday. Duval opted to have a judge instead of a jury decide the case.
Authorities described the 2016 crash as a hair-pulling fight over the steering wheel. The sisters were seen arguing on the narrow, winding Hana Highway on the island of Maui before their SUV plunged 60 metres over a cliff.
The crash was a tragic accident, Alexandria Duval's defence attorney, Birney Bervar said in his opening statement.
Authorities said Alexandria was behind the wheel of a Ford Explorer when witnesses saw the sisters arguing on the perilously narrow, twisting route along a scenic stretch of coastline.
(Yonhap)
PAJU -- South Korea sacked Uli Stielike as their men's football head coach Thursday in the wake of their World Cup qualifying loss to Qatar.The Korea Football Association said it decided to part ways with Stielike following a technical committee meeting at the National Football Center in Paju, north of Seoul. The announcement was made just a day after Stielike and the South Korean squad returned home from Doha, where they fell to Qatar 3-2 in the final Asian qualifying round for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.Lee Yong-soo, the KFA technical committee chief, said the KFA decided to terminate Stielike's contract on mutual consent."Since Stielike became the head coach in 2014, he worked hard to develop South Korea's football environment, educate football instructors, while posting a good result at the Asian Cup (in 2015)," Lee said at a press conference at the NFC. "But we thought he failed to deliver the results that we wanted in the final qualifying stage."In the final round, the Taeguk Warriors remain in second place in Group A with 13 points from four wins, a draw and three losses.Stielike's side, however, are just one point above No. 3 Uzbekistan with two matches remaining. They have yet to collect a win away from home and all of their victories were decided by just one goal.In Asian qualifying, the top two from each of the two groups will advance directly to the 2018 World Cup in Russia. Two third-place teams must go through playoffs for their final chance.Stielike, who took over the team in September 2014, was the longest-tenured head coach in the men's national team history. He was contracted through the 2018 World Cup, should South Korea qualify for the tournament. The 62-year-old will leave the helm with a record of 27 wins, five draws and seven losses.When asked about pay-off clause in Stielike's contract, Lee said he doesn't know whether the German will receive compensation."I don't know details of the contract between the KFA and Stielike," he said. "Everything will be processed accordingly to what's written on his contract."Lee also tendered his resignation to take the responsibility for the situation. It was Lee who hired Stielike after the 2014 FIFA World Cup."The national team head coach should be responsible for the match results, and the technical committee should be responsible in a big plan," he said. "I'm also in the position to bring results, but couldn't produce what we wanted. I'm also stepping down from my position."Lee said the KFA and the national team will overcome the current crisis and they need to move on to prepare for the remaining two qualifiers. South Korea, chasing their ninth consecutive World Cup appearance, will host already-qualified Iran on Aug. 31 and face Uzbekistan in Tashkent on Sept. 5 to close out the qualifying stage.He claimed that next national team boss should be a local, adding that the new coach will not be a caretaker for the remaining two matches, but will be guaranteed to lead South Korea through the 2018 World Cup should they qualify."I believe we can produce better results with new people," he said. "For now, I think we have a small pool of candidates to choose from. In my opinion, this is the situation where South Korean coach should take over."South Korean media have already rolled out possible names for the next head coach, such as Huh Jung-moo, who previously led South Korea to the round of 16 at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and Shin Tae-yong, who recently managed South Korea at the U-20 World Cup at home."I think every national football team head coach is an expert, and one year would be enough to build the team for the 2018 World Cup," he said.Lee said the next leader should possess two ingredients: risk management skills and the ability to communicate closely with the players."We need a coach who can make the players ready both mentally and physically and show their abilities on the pitch," he said."Our players are discouraged at this moment, but the new coach should motivate them and make them stay focused." (Yonhap)
“We did not sponsor the event. We only sponsored the travel of four Indian authors to the festival. The total amount was less than Rs 160,000. What happens is that a lot of authors reach out to us for travel assistance during such festivals and we support them. The decision was made in 2016 itself,” ICCR director general Amarendra Khatua told IANS.
“We are a small body with an aim to promote Indian culture. We do not take decisions with regards to foreign policy. We try and promote Indian culture,” added Khatua. Ameena Saiyid also confirmed that ICCR “supported the Karachi Literature Festival in a small way by sponsoring the visit to Karachi of four Indian literary personalities”. ‘Unofficial ban' The Karachi Literature Festival has become one of the major cultural events in Pakistan and serves as a melting pot of literature with participants from various countries. Since its inception in 2010, the literary event has grown by leaps and bounds and has served as a platform for discussions, debates, poetry readings and book launches. Following the Uri attack last year, India had boycotted the Saarc summit in Islamabad. There was also an “unofficial ban” on Pakistani artists called by Shiv Sena and other extreme groups. Pakistan, too, had banned Indian films. Although Indian authors appear at the event almost every year, it is for the first time that ICCR has sponsored the travel of Indian authors to Pakistan. Pakistani author Reema Abbasi also expressed hope at the recent developments. “I see it as a step in the direction we all want for this region — freedom in the arena of arts and culture and for people to people contact. There was a considerable number of recognised writers from India at the Karachi Literature Festival and there was no dearth of enthusiastic audiences for them. “Hopefully, at all levels, it is perhaps a sign of new beginnings and positive dialogues in 2017,” Abbasi told IANS in an email. The ICCR was founded in 1950 by Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, independent India's first education minister. Its objectives are to actively participate in the formulation and implementation of policies and programmes pertaining to India's external cultural relations; to foster and strengthen cultural relations and mutual understanding between India and other countries; to promote cultural exchanges with other countries and people; and to develop relations with nations. More from Pakistan UAE, Pakistan can benefit from CPEC, says envoy
Bomb disposal commander killed in Quetta blast
Pakistan mourns Lahore victims of Taliban attack
Pakistan private channels to show Indian films
Today's meeting at Huntingdon Racecourse has been abandoned because of snow.
The races would have included the Betfred Peterborough Chase, the feature race of the year.
“There are three centimetres of snow on the track that has fallen and it is forecast to continue all morning with freezing temperatures too,” said Clerk of the Course Jack Pryor.
“We covered the track, but the snow means we can't lift those covers and there is always a risk when you do that further snow would just then settle.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Ojas Akolkar imports hand-crafted items showcasing her Indian culture in her shop Tribalfare in Detroit's TechTown. She says stepping out of one's comfort zone is a key to success for immigrant business people.
With more grants and entrepreneurship programs, a growing number of immigrants are starting businesses in Detroit
Buy Photo Ojas Akolkar, owner of Tribalfare, says she has found her home. “With Detroit, I love the grit and the people and how the community just pulls together to do things,” she said. (Photo: Photos by Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — If Detroit had a “Little India,” it would be Ojas Akolkar's studio tucked in the third floor of TechTown.
Vibrant embroidered bags adorn the walls, patterned pillows from Gujarat line the couch and dozens of block-printed wraps, signature of the Indian state Rajasthan, fill the racks.
Akolkar, a 43-year-old founder of the online retailer Tribalfare, purchases the clothing, accessories and home decor straight from artisans she meets in India. She then sells them to Detroiters and Americans nationwide.
“There are certain things that are so intrinsic to a culture and the region where it originates that you can't match that. Like what is ‘Detroit made?' It's Detroit made because it's made in Detroit. You can't replicate that in India or China the same way I can't replicate these colors,” she said, spreading out skirts dyed with royal blues, indigo and vermillion reds.
Akolkar is among the growing number of immigrant entrepreneurs who have chosen Detroit to launch their clothing, food or technology businesses in the past seven years. Many are drawn to the Motor City because of financial resources available for entrepreneurs through programs like ProsperUS Detroit and Motor City Match. Others have found affordable entrepreneurship classes through the Build Institute, TechTown and FoodLab.
For Akolkar, who immigrated to the U.S. 20 years ago, Detroit's diversity and imperfections inspired her to launch her business in 2014.
“I grew up in Mumbai, so for me, Detroit feels like home. I feel very comfortable knowing things are not perfect. That's OK,” she said. “With Detroit, I love the grit and the people and how the community just pulls together to do things.”
Buy Photo Popular wrap skirts in plenty of colors from Tribalfare, which offers clothing and home decor from India. (Photo: Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)
Other immigrant entrepreneurs who spoke to The Detroit News feel the same way. And the data prove it.
For 20 years, Detroit was losing immigrants at a rapid clip, just like it was losing population as a whole, said Steve Tobocman, executive director of the nonprofit Global Detroit, an economic development initiative started in 2009 that assists Metro Detroit immigrants.
“Over the last five years, the immigration population numbers have reversed themselves, and there has been a 12.7 percent growth in the immigrant population since 2010,” he said.
According to the census's American Community Survey, Detroit's foreign-born population grew from 34,207 in 2010 to 38,669 in 2014. The U.S.-born population, meanwhile, decreased 5.3 percent, or 35,991, in the same period.
In Detroit's Banglatown — a north-central neighborhood with a large presence of Bangladeshi immigrants — foreign-born people are 46 percent, or 5,013, of the area's 10,913 residents.
“There's a tremendous entrepreneurial spirit and community revitalization impact going on largely through Bangladeshi and some Yemeni (groups),” Tobocman said.
That entrepreneurial spirit has taken off in the last five years with the establishment of the Build Institute, TechTown's SWOT City program and FoodLab — all in 2012 — and Motor City Match in 2015.
These programs have helped immigrants open grocery stores, restaurants and other main street businesses. Akolkar herself enrolled in Build Institute's eight-week course, which covers business plans, finances and marketing, and TechTown's Retail Boot Camp, and applied for Motor City Match, which offers $500,000 in grants to businesses each quarter.
Before then, she wasn't sure if her curation of Indian products would be a viable business, and if she should stick to her day job as a dental hygienist.
“For me, (the Build Institute) made me commit to being a full-time entrepreneur,” she said. “It was a turning point when I decided, ‘OK, this is what I'm going to do.' ”
According to a June “New Americans in Detroit” report by the New American Economy and the Detroit Mayor's Office of Immigrant Affairs, nearly 1,400 self-employed immigrants in Detroit generated $15.5 million in business revenue in 2014.
Matthew Bihun, a senior loan officer with ProsperUS, a lending program launched by Global Detroit, has granted loans to immigrant entrepreneurs who would not otherwise be able to access capital to start those businesses.
In total, ProsperUS has given $180,000 in loans to seven immigrant entrepreneurs. They include a Trinidadian immigrant with a food cart who hoped to open a brick-and-mortar restaurant, and an Iraqi refugee who was captured by al-Qaeda and managed to flee. He had no Social Security number and $500 in his pocket when he applied for a loan to start a cellphone and computer repair shop.
“What these entrepreneurs lack in terms of traditional underwriting criteria — things like credit score, collateral, capital — they make up for in having exceptional character, having an incredibly exciting and viable business plans,” Bihun said.
Cooking up ideas
All entrepreneurs have a reason why they want to start a business.
For Christian Guevara, his “why” was because his parents came to Michigan from the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico to provide a better life for him and his siblings.
“Being an entrepreneur and creating something great is a way to say thank you, and pay it forward to the world,” he jotted down after his FoodLab facilitator asked him why he wanted to start Conchy's Empanadas.
The 27-year-old teaches at Detroit's Covenant House Academy while running his business on the side. Guevara cooks the empanadas at a commercial kitchen in Brightmoor Artisans Collective and sells them at local farmers markets and events. His goal is to launch a food truck and then a brick and mortar restaurant.
Christian Guevara, second from right, started Conchy's Empanadas in 2015, inspired by his Puerto Rican and Dominican Republic roots. . The business is named after his mother (second from left) Consuelo Guevara, whose nickname is Conchy. (Photo: Courtesy of Jordan Ellis)
“There's so much change happening in the city and people are just being encouraged to bring out their own ideas and do their own thing, and I love that,” he said. “I don't think I'd have that same opportunity anywhere else.”
“He's taking the culture and tradition and the way his mother and grandmother showed him how to make empanadas and he's putting his own twist on it,” said FoodLab director Devita Davison.
The nonprofit helps entrepreneurs launch and grow food businesses. Of the 225 members, over half are entrepreneurs of color and roughly 3 percent are immigrants. Davison would like immigrant membership to reach 10 percent.
“We are striving to do better in terms of providing our training to the immigrant community,” she said. Plans include offering classes and other materials in Spanish to reach the entrepreneurs cooking out of their homes in southwest Detroit.
In Springwells Village, a corridor along West Vernor Highway, 26 percent of the 22,000 residents are foreign-born, with 88 percent of immigrants coming from Mexico.
Many have started produce markets, bars, bakeries and taco trucks.
Davison said these businesses epitomize the passion and work ethic of immigrants “who take a step into the world of entrepreneurship.”
“They want to pay homage to their ancestors, and they do that through food,” she said. “It keeps their culture alive.”
For cousins Ali Bazzi and Saad A. Saad, their business, Retea, which sells flavored loose leaf teas, was a way to provide education for refugee children worldwide.
Ali Bazzi of Dearborn packages 10 flavors of tea, including Vanilla Mallow, for Retea that he cofounded with his cousin Saad Saad. (Photo: Viviana Pernot / Special to The Detroit News)
Bazzi's parents immigrated to the U.S. from Lebanon in the 1970s, while Saad came with his family in 1999. After attending Columbia University, where he studied conflict resolution, he wanted to create something that offered solutions.
“What do you do to resolve a conflict? You sit down with people and drink tea and resolve those conflicts,” said Bazzi, 35.
The cousins spent a year tinkering with a tea recipe, until they were satisfied with flavors like vanilla, cinnamon orange and green jasmine. Today, the teas are sold online, and each $10 pouch provides 10 hours of education for a refugee child.
They originally thought about launching the company in New York City, where Saad works, but decided against it after finding myriad resources geared toward young entrepreneurs in Detroit.
“Everybody in Detroit is super supportive, whereas like here in New York, it's really hard to even get somebody to answer an email,” said Saad, 29, who travels to Detroit for the business.
They also found affordable food prep space through Detroit Kitchen Connect, renting a licensed kitchen near Livernois and Michigan Avenue for $10 per hour.
“There was no upfront investment,” Saad said. “It was really easy for us because we were able to take much less risk.”
Overcoming challenges
A major challenge for Detroit entrepreneurship programs is making immigrants aware of free and low-cost opportunities.
TechTown's SWOT City, for instance, supports brick and mortar enterprises in neighborhoods such as Brightmoor, Grandmont-Rosedale, Osborn and the University District.
“Immigrant business owners, they probably fall into the category of folks that think, ‘Oh, that's not for me. That's only for downtown. It's only for newcomers to the city.'” director Amy Rencher said. “A big function of our work with that population, in particular, is making sure they're aware of the breadth of resources available to them.”
Detroit resident Razi Jafri worked for a year as a small business adviser for the nonprofit Kiva and also saw firsthand how Detroit immigrant entrepreneurs could jump over funding blocks. The crowdfunded online lending platform offered a pilot program in 2011 for Detroit entrepreneurs to obtain interest-free loans up to $10,000.
“It provides a pathway to capital where many communities of color or low-income communities are precluded from access to capital,” Jafri said.
Other Detroit-based organizations offer similar low-barrier opportunities.
In the last two years, Motor City Match has granted $4 million to 763 entrepreneurs, many of them immigrants.
Mike Rafferty, vice president of small business services for the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation, which partners with Motor City Match, said Detroit has seen “decades of poor diversity” in goods and services, and immigrant entrepreneurs are filling those voids.
Twenty years ago, several reports painted Detroit as “the most under-retailed city in America,” Tobocman said.
That's all changed.
“Suddenly, it's the best place to do business,” he said.
Akolkar recently moved to Mexico due to her husband's job and closed her TechTown space, but she continues to sell online and plans to return in 2019 to open a brick-and-mortar store in Detroit.
As she explains it, she fell in love with the city and couldn't imagine running her business anywhere else.
“I have met exceptionally diverse and creative people,” she said. “The energy of these creatives pushes me forward to accomplish more.”
And that “immigrant” label doesn't hold her back.
“I feel like I belong here,” she said.
ssteinberg@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uES3V9
Former Brazil president Rousseff reveals cause of her impeachment
2017-10-07 03:28 | www.trend.az | 0
Former Brazil President Dilma Rousseff suggested in an interview to Sputnik on Friday her impeachment was caused by her staunch opposition to plans for the country's "neoliberal" overhaul.
"I've fallen victim to a coup staged by media and the parliament. It happened because we blocked a neoliberal project for four times straight," she said.
Rousseff claimed the initiative was "neoliberal" in the social, economic and geopolitical sense, and was aimed at "scaling down the role of the Brazilian state."
Brazil's first female leader was removed from office in August 2016 after the parliament accused her of misusing public funds at the request of then Vice President Michel Temer, who took over the day Rousseff left.
Buoyed Lahiri to tee up at Greenbrier Classic
White Sulphur Spring (USA), Jul 4 (PTI) Buoyed by two good finishes in his last two outings, Anirban Lahiri is battle ready to tee off at the Greenbrier Classic here tomorrow.
The 31-year-old Indian, who finished in top-10 at Travelers and followed that up with tied 13th at the Quicken Loans National, has a noon tee off from the first tee.
Paired alongside Martin Piller and Tyler Duncan for the first two days, Lahiri will be hoping to build on his return to form.
The last couple of weeks have shown me where I was lacking and we (my coach and I) have worked on those areas. It was great at Travelers and then at Quicken Loans, we saw that I was not scoring well on the second nine. In such heat as it has been this summer I was not refueling myself and not eating or having enough fluids. We identified and then on the weekend, it worked well and I felt I had more energy. Hopefully I do as well, or better, this week, said Lahiri.
The Indian ace, who re-entered the top-100 last week, and is now 86th on FedExCup rankings, will take rest next week and then play the Open at Carnoustie.
I also have the WGC-Bridgestone later on, he added.
The big names in the field this week include the in-form Bubba Watson, veteran Phil Mickelson, Tony Finau, Webb Simpson, Russell Henley, defending champion Xander Scahuffele, Jimmy Walker, JB Holmaes, Keegan Bradely and Brandt Snedeker
The ugly truth of public toilets in Pakistan is not hidden to anyone. We live it, suffer it, every time at government hospitals, gas stations, metro bus stops, passport offices etc. I am sure all of us have had many unpleasant encounters at the public toilet that just rushed through our minds. And the thought of that bad odour, dirty floor and toilet seat just made you feel like to puke. I agree, completely relatable. But does this pain end here? Use the unhygienic toilet, grind about its pathetic state and leave? No, it doesn't. We take a lot more pain in terms of germs that sooner or later affect our health adversely.
Since we've been facing this issue for so long and are aware of its bad consequences yet the greatest possible solution we've found to this problem is to either not use the public toilet at all and wait till getting home or just compromise how things have been from years and years and not even think of it as a major problem of the nation. This needs to change. We need to change. Following set of activities can be followed to ensure safe, hygienic and working public toilets. Training of Public Toilet Owners and Operators: The first step towards improving the quality of public toilets is the training of public toilet owners and operators. Management training should focus particularly in the areas of toilet maintenance (e.g. waste disposal) and hygiene (e.g. handwashing promotion). Operators should receive training on business management and record keeping, ensuring if they are better positioned to protect the financial viability of the facilities. Owners of the public toilets should be included in the training to promote awareness of the issues and encourage timely response to operator maintenance requests.
MAHAM MONICA
Lahore
Related
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you ever look at your kids and wonder, where do they get all this energy from?!
They can be bouncing off the walls within a few seconds of waking up and they don't seem to stop until it's time for bed again.
They want to climb on EVERYTHING, touch EVERYTHING and unpack EVERY draw and cupboard in sight.
Sometimes it can be hard to explain what it's really like, but dad Ian Muir's clever photography and editing skills highlight it just perfectly.
He took lots of photos of Millie, two, getting up to all sorts of mischief and edited them all together.
He said: "Millie is a little bundle of energy as most two year olds are.
"She could talk the hind legs off a donkey but walking didn't come so easy to her.
"She's only just mastered that in the last month so shots like this wouldn't have been possible just a short while ago.
"Now she's up on her feet we can get up to all sorts.
"Millie spends her mornings with me before I head to work in the afternoon, this means we can get up to this kind of mischief."
Ian says it took a few days to achieve the perfect shot and Millie was the perfect model - but she did need bribing on the final day as she was getting a bit bored of it.
Ian, who lives in Dunfermline, Fife, said: "This one was our third day in a row of trying and Millie had definitely had enough of my nonsense so I'm glad we got a good one."
His partner Sally Williamson shared the photo online with the caption: "Five minutes in the life of our two-year-old."
Other parents are loving the brilliant photo, saying it captures a toddler's energy perfectly.
Ian has explained exactly how he made the picture so other parents can give it a try themselves.
The most important thing is a tripod which doesn't move, as this will allow you to get the frame exactly the same.
You then need to take lots of different shots being careful not to overlap your positions.
Ian said: "Use the 10 second timer or a wireless remote for the dangerous shots like on the car, I'm standing to the side ready to catch her if need be and I edit myself out.
"Do the difficult shots first, if the little one loses patience at least you've got the difficult ones.
"One of the hardest things is making sure the light remains consistent throughout the shots. If you have one darker or lighter then it's hard to blend the shot in.
"I put a flash on a stand and pointed at the ceiling, the flash is just inside the living room to the left.
"The problem I had here is that the light was changing outside as it was a cloudy day, this made it brighter/darker inside. If you look close enough you'll see some mistakes but I just get away with it I think."
Ian then used the computer programmes Lightroom and Photoshop to edit all the pictures together.
It sounds complicated, but luckily he's told us EXACTLY what to do.
He said: "In Lightroom I select all the shots, right click and then choose 'Open as layers in Photoshop'.
"Once they've all loaded I select them all and then auto align them (edit>auto align).
"Then I use layers and masks to bring her through on each shot. Once I have all the shots out together I sent the image back to Lightroom to tweak the exposure, change white balance etc."
Thanks Ian!
Sally shared the photo on the parenting website The Motherload , where it was liked and shared thousands of times.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Test Boost Elite a rear-going through vehicle seat may be used as a front going through car seat until the perfect age. there is a base that stays within the vehicle. the little one automobile seat then may be connected to a stroller frame and later it could reattach to the Test Boost Elite bottom that inside the automobile. check out your alternatives and don't forget what is going to be best as a long way as charges are concerned. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
WASHINGTON (The Washington Post) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 6:43 pm |
President Donald Trump returns to the White House via Marine One in Washington, Monday. (Reuters/Leah Millis)
President Donald Trump's attorneys have provided the special counsel's office with written descriptions that chronicle key moments under investigation in hopes of curtailing the scope of a presidential interview, according to two people familiar with the situation.
Mr. Trump's legal team recently shared the documents in an effort to limit any session between the president and special counsel Robert Mueller to a few select topics, the people said. The lawyers are worried that Mr. Trump, who has a penchant for making erroneous claims, would be vulnerable in an hours-long interview.
The decision to share materials with Mueller's team is part of an effort by Mr. Trump's lawyers to minimize his exposure to the special counsel, whom the president recently attacked in a series of tweets.
Mr. Trump has told aides he is “champing at the bit” to sit for an interview, according to one person. But his lawyers, who are carefully negotiating the terms of a sit-down, recognize the extraordinarily high stakes.
As part of his investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, Mueller is probing whether Mr. Trump's campaign coordinated with Russia and whether the president obstructed justice by trying to block the investigation. In particular, his team is focused on Mr. Trump's firing of his national security adviser and the FBI director, according to people familiar with the inquiry.
The president has denied any wrongdoing, calling the investigation a “witch hunt.”
Behind the scenes, his lawyers are moving into what one adviser called “crunchtime,” reviewing the likely questions Mueller's team will have for the president.
In preparation, Mr. Trump on Monday brought on another lawyer, hiring former U.S. attorney Joseph diGenova to join his personal legal team.
John Dowd, an attorney for the president, declined to comment on any records provided to the special counsel.
“We have very constructive, productive communications with the special counsel and his colleagues,” he said in an interview Friday.
“We're blessed to have them,” Dowd said of the conversations with Mueller's team. “I think it's helpful to them and of course I think it's very helpful to us.”
Peter Carr, spokesman for the special counsel's office, declined to comment.
The written materials provided to Mueller's office include summaries of internal White House memos and contemporaneous correspondence about events Mueller is investigating, including the ousters of national security adviser Michael Flynn and FBI Director James Comey. The documents describe the White House players involved and the president's actions.
Special counsel investigators have told Mr. Trump's lawyers that their main questions about the president fall into two simple categories: “What did he do?” and “What was he thinking when he did it?”
Mr. Trump's lawyers expect Mueller's team to ask whether Mr. Trump knew about Flynn's communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the presidential transition, for example, and what instructions, if any, the president gave Flynn about the contact, according to two advisers.
Mr. Trump said in February that he fired Flynn because he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contact with Kislyak. He said he fired Comey because he had mishandled an investigation of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
The records do not include Mr. Trump's personal version of events but provide a narrative of the White House view, the people said. Mr. Trump's lawyers hope the evidence eliminates the need to ask the president about some episodes.
DiGenova, whose addition to Mr. Trump's legal team was first reported by the New York Times, declined to comment on the role he will play.
Now the head of a law firm with his wife, Victoria Toensing, diGenova served as an independent counsel who investigated whether former president George H.W. Bush's staff looked at former president Bill Clinton's passport files during the 1992 presidential campaign.
His hiring, pushed by Trump attorney Jay Sekulow, was delayed briefly to ensure that diGenova's work for the president would not conflict with his firm's other clients. Toensing represents Mark Corallo, a former spokesman for Mr. Trump's legal team.
“Former U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova will be joining our legal team later this week,” Sekulow said in a statement.” I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that he will be a great asset in our representation of the President.”
DiGenova and Mr.Trump shares the view that a faction inside the FBI sought to frame Mr. Trump. In February, diGenova criticized FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for trying to withhold the names of FBI officials from a controversial GOP House committee memo that called out their roles in seeking a surveillance warrant of a former Trump campaign aide.
In 1997, DiGenova wrote a column in the Wall Street Journal arguing that the Constitution allows for the indictment of a sitting president.
The legal question has never been tested in court. Many scholars have argued the Constitution prohibits criminally charging a president, leaving impeachment as the only avenue to hold a president accountable for legal violations until he or she leaves office. Mr. Trump's own legal team has made that argument. Many experts believe a controlling Justice Department opinion prohibits Mueller, technically a Justice employee, from charging a sitting president.
But diGenova argued there is no clear statute or constitutional provision that would prevent the indictment of the president.
“The nation, in fact, could conceivably benefit from the indictment of a president,” he wrote in the column, which was published while Clinton was under investigation by an independent counsel. “It would teach the valuable civics lesson that no one is above the law.”
Kerala Chief Minister lauds Kerala Kings, champions of T10 cricket league T10 offers attractive remuneration and perks for cricket players The...
The five games Ronaldo will miss – and what it could mean for Madrid's season
We look at the five matches Cristiano Ronaldo will miss due to his suspension and whether Real Madrid should be worried.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 21:47 IST
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo's moment of madness in Real Madrid's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana first-leg victory over Barcelona on Sunday earned him a five-match ban.
The Portugal star learned his fate on Monday, having escaped a lengthier sanction following his shove on the referee after a late red card, as rules state he could have been suspended for up to 12 games.
With their leading man set to begin the season on the sidelines, we take a look at how Madrid's campaign could be affected by Ronaldo's absence.
August 16: Barcelona (home), Supercopa de Espana second leg
Having scored at Camp Nou to help Madrid take a two-goal cushion into the return leg, Ronaldo will have to hope his team can finish the job without him on Wednesday.
The red card alone – awarded for two yellows after a shirtless celebration was followed by an apparent dive – ensured he would miss this one, with the extra four games dished out as a result of the push on official Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea.
Zinedine Zidane's bid to build on his promising early record in Clasico encounters as a coach will be put to the test, with Ronaldo having also netted in the Frenchman's maiden derby outing in the dugout.
August 20: Deportivo La Coruna (away), LaLiga
This is arguably a match that should not concern Madrid, given that they won 6-2 at the Riazor last season while Ronaldo was afforded a rest.
However, given that two of the goalscorers that day – James Rodriguez and Alvaro Morata – are no longer at the club, Zidane could face a more difficult task when it comes to building the attack just four days on from the Supercopa second leg.
Deportivo have strengthened well in the market, bringing in Guilherme from Udinese, Fabian Schar from Hoffenheim and securing shrewd loan deals for Adrian Lopez and Zakaria Bakkali, while there remains the possibility that Lucas Perez will return to the club from Arsenal.
History is certainly against them – they haven't beaten Madrid since August 2008 – but a shock is certainly not out of the question.
August 27: Valencia (home), LaLiga
Valencia were Madrid's penultimate opponents at home last season and it took an 86th-minute winner from Marcelo on that day to seal all three points, after Ronaldo had opened the scoring and then missed a penalty.
Marcelino's side had an encouraging pre-season and there is at last a sense of renewed optimism at Mestalla after years of club mismanagement and significant unrest among players and fans.
This would have been a good early test of Madrid's title credentials even with Ronaldo involved; without him, it looks like a difficult task.
September 9: Levante (home), LaLiga
Valencia's neighbours Levante are Madrid's first opponents following the international break and are, on paper at least, a much more straightfoward challenge.
Having won promotion last term, Juan Ramon Lopez Muniz's side face a tough start to life back in the top flight, with home games against Villarreal and Depor preceding trips to the Santiago Bernabeu and Mestalla.
Injuries and fatigue following the international matches will always be a concern, but Zidane is unlikely to have too many worries about a side Madrid have beaten nine times in a row.
September 17: Real Sociedad (away), LaLiga
San Sebastian is never an easy place for visitors to claim three points – something Barcelona know only too well – but Madrid's record against the Basque side is extremely strong.
Sociedad have only beaten them once since 2004 and lost both matches 3-0 last season, with Ronaldo only scoring one of Madrid's six goals.
Pre-season has not gone well for Eusebio Sacristan's side, either, and if results do not improve as LaLiga gets underway, they will likely fear the worst when Madrid come calling.
HOLYOKE - The St. Patrick's Parade Committee is announcing the awards given for the best bands in the 67th parade held Sunday.
Every year judges select the best bands in the parade as marchers travel by the reviewing stand at City Hall and play their best music. Bands include drum and bugle corps, bagpipe bands and string bands. Some come from as far away as Pennsylvania and New York.
The winners range from high school musicians to professional bands which are sponsored by parade supporters.
This year there were 13 bands honored for excellence. Here are the winners:
Most Outstanding Line of March (Kinvara Literary Society award): Fusion Drum and Bugle Corps, New Jersey
Best Marching Contingent (in memory of Heather McMahon): United States Army Old Guard Fife & Drum
Best Brass Band (In memory of Kara Shanahan): Hot Tamale Brass Band of Boston
Best String Band (presented by Patti Devine 2016 parade marshal): Fralinger String Band of Philadelphia
Best String Band Captain (Peter & Kathleen Krisak present): Avalon String Band of Philadelphia
Best Drum and Bugle Corps (presented by Mass Surgical Supply): Fusion Drum and Bugle Corps, New Jersey
Best Drum and Bugle Flag Corps (presented by Dave Haslam and Craig Connaughton): St. Peter's Drum Corps of Connecticut
Best Pipe Band (in memory of Patti Ahearn): Holyoke Caledonian Pipe Band
Best High School Marching Band (William H. Burns Award): Agawam High School
Best High School Marching Band Flag Corps (in memory of Arthur J. Corey): Narragansett High School
Best High School Majorette (Goggins Real Estate presents): West Springfield High School
Best Band Major (In memory of Shaun Ferriter): Minnechaug High School
Best Fife and Drum Band (in memory of Anthony Proulx): Marquis of Granby
Armed police have this afternoon, Friday October 6, conducted a warrant at a premise in Newark Road, Peterborough.
Officers stormed the property at 3.30pm and arrested a 25-year-old man from Peterborough on possession of firearms offences and possession of class B or class C drugs.
It was a planned operation and he has been taken into custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station
Days after Harvey hit, drag performer Angelina DM Trailz emceed an arm-wrestling benefit for survivors, hosted by the LGBT veterans of the Lone Star Veterans Association at Guava Lamp. (Dalton DeHart)
Share with your friends Submit
Drag artists raise money online and on stage in wake of storm.
By Josh Inocéncio
As Tropical Storm Harvey's floodwaters rose, Regina Thorne-DuBois and her friends were trapped in their apartment complex. But she knew she had to do something, since her weekly gig at Michael's Outpost that Monday was a lost cause.
“We were thankfully in a spot where we were not getting damaged too much by the rain,” Thorne-DuBois recalls. “But we were seeing people all over the city in situations infinitely worse than where we were.”
Thorne-DuBois, who studied theater at the University of Houston and now works for the Houston Grand Opera, organized a drag performance on Facebook Live to entertain those in distress and raise money as quickly as possible for relief efforts.
“I said, just because the show is cancelled doesn't mean we can't do one. We can put it on Facebook and do it in our living rooms,” Thorne-DuBois recalls. “And others can do mini-performances in their living rooms. Plus, people can donate money to charities.”
Two Facebook Live marathons later (the first was 9 hours and the second was 12), Thorne-DuBois had raised $4,800 singing some of the same Broadway tunes she normally performs at Michael's Outpost. Special guests on the live feed—who also performed from their living rooms—contributed renditions of songs by Beyoncé, Mariah Carey, and Macklemore. “We were all over the place,” Thorne-DuBois says. “[It was] quite the diverse drag show.”
All proceeds from those marathons went to the Montrose Center and Legacy Community Health for Harvey relief. But Thorne-DuBois isn't finished. In addition to raising money for the Houston Food Bank, she wants to assist families affected by the storm—including one that had helped out with her drag career. So she plans to continue with Facebook Live performances once a month for the rest of 2017. “I want to donate my talent because I'm not able to go around and build houses,” she says. “So I can do something I'm really good at while raising money and entertaining people.”
Thorne-DuBois' broadcasts, which made national news, were just one example of how Houston's drag community participated in relief efforts in the wake of the storm.
Another Houston performer, Chloe T. Crawford, was also trapped by floodwaters at her father's house near Sugar Land. Motivated by drag's tradition of supporting charitable causes, she knew she had to contribute. “Most times during tragedies, the gay community looks to drag queens to raise money,” Crawford says.
“So naturally we were involved with efforts to create fundraising outlets for the community.”
Since then, Crawford has appeared at a string of impromptu events across Houston benefiting displaced people, including at South Beach, Hamburger Mary's, and Rich's. For comic relief, she's sung her trio of storm songs: “Here Comes the Rain,” “I Can't Stand the Rain,” and “Brand New Day.”
Fellow drag performer Angelina DM Trailz was also flood-bound in her parents' home after they evacuated to Dallas. “The entire time I was alone with a fridge full of vegan food,” says Trailz.
While the flooding cancelled Trailz' regular Saturday-night performance, she banded together with a few other performers the following weekend for a show benefiting AIDS Foundation Houston. “As a drag queen, I live paycheck to paycheck,” Trailz says. “A lot of us lost work that week of the hurricane, but I told a couple of girls, ‘I know we haven't had work, but we should raise money for the relief.'”
Trailz also tackled another issue alongside Harvey's wreckage: president Donald Trump's announcement that he plans to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) protections for young “Dreamer” immigrants. “Houston has a ton of Dreamers, and many of them are now displaced,” explains Trailz, opening up about her Dreamer status. “They already don't know where they're going. It's like Trump made the announcement at that moment so Dreamers would just get up and leave, [thinking that they] might as well start all over again somewhere else if they have nothing in Houston.
“Some of us who are your entertainers every Saturday happen to be DACA recipients,” she adds. “I think I'll be fine, but still, we don't know what's going to happen.”
Since the storm, Thorne-DuBois has returned to her weekly show at Michael's Outpost, Crawford has resumed a monthly brunch appearance at Boheme, and Trailz has lined up a special gig hosting the Gender Bender Ball at the Texas Renaissance Festival in November.
But they collectively emphasize one thing: all of their upcoming Harvey-related performances will raise funds for local charities rather than national ones like the Red Cross.
“When the Red Cross is gone in a few months, it's the organizations here that will need funding the most to continue rebuilding Houston,” Thorne-DuBois says.
This article appears in the October 2017 edition of OutSmart Magazine.
Comments
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Forecasters have issued a tornado watch for most of Louisiana as severe weather is expected to bring a variety of threats to a large part of the Deep South today.
The National Weather Service's Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, says portions of Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama are the areas of the greatest concern for damaging storms.
The Storm Prediction Center says that 6.9 million people in large parts Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama is at the highest risk of storms today. The area includes several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
In Texas, heavy rain has been falling in the Houston area, and forecasters issued a severe thunderstorm warning. Flights in Houston were grounded for a time, resulting in delays throughout the morning.
Heavy rain also fell early today in other parts of Texas. Some areas in Central Texas received more than an inch of rainfall.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British man is trapped in a hellhole Dubai jail on a charge of 'public indecency' after he touched a man in a bar while trying to avoid bumping into him and spilling a drink.
Jamie Harron, 27, has spent five days sharing a cell with eight other men as he awaits trial and 'could face torture and human rights violations' if he is found guilty and handed a prison sentence.
Mr Harron has spent over £32,000 in expenses and legal fees trying to resolve the cultural misunderstanding and has been stripped of his passport.
He has been given a single mattress to sleep on in a notorious prison, and has been stuck in the country now for three months.
The electrician from Stirling, Scotland, is on bail awaiting trial - and lawyers claim he faces up to three years in prison if found guilty of drinking alcohol and public indecency.
Distraught Jamie said: "I am really stunned that it has gone this far. I have witnesses who are willing to present themselves in court, even the bouncer at the bar.
"I cannot believe I am facing these allegations when I followed the laws in their entirety.
(Image: SWNS.com)
"Now it is possible that I will be arrested on Sunday for failing to appear at a court hearing that neither I nor my lawyer, were advised of."
Jamie was in Dubai on a two-day stopover while flying back to work in Afghanistan, in June.
He was with friends at the Rock Bottom Bar in Dubai - a popular venue for young people in the Tecom area of the city - when the incident unfolded.
Jamie and his friend had bought their first drink in the crowded bar when he placed his hand on the hip of man to ensure they didn't bump and spill their drinks.
The Brit claims he was simply crossing the dance floor to avoid confrontation.
Police arrested Jamie who claims he was initially jailed with no idea of the charge.
He said a prosecutor later told him that he had been charged with drinking alcohol and "public indecency."
Jamie was held in the notorious Al Barsha prison, where he claims he was not allowed to wash himself or brush his teeth.
(Image: SWNS.com)
He said he was left in a "foul smelling" cell with another eight nationalities sleeping on the floor with "one revolting mattress between them all."
Jamie was bailed, but his passport was confiscated so that he could not leave the country.
Jamie was sacked from his job in Afghanistan and is now relying on charity from friends to support himself.
He was due to attend court on Sunday but claims the meeting was held in private without his lawyers being informed.
Jamie added: "Of course if I had known there was a change in the court date, I would have been there.
"I have been waiting for months to appear and now it looks as though I will be arrested when I go to the hearing.
"It is completely unfair and I can't understand how I can be sentenced for failing to appear when I was not even informed of the hearing."
Jamie denies public indecency - claiming his only intention was to avoid spilling a drink.
Tourists who consume alcohol at licensed venues in Dubai can still be arrested for having alcohol in their system.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Radha Stirling, CEO of Detained In Dubai, the British based NGO who is leading the campaign to help him, said: "Jamie is under immense pressure and stress.
"Jamie has been advised by his lawyer that he is at high risk of being jailed for a duration of up to three years.
"It is quite outrageous that he has been held in the country for so long already.
"This is another example of how vulnerable tourists are to arrest and detention in Dubai and at how drawn out and disorganised legal proceedings are.
"We have received a wave of new cases of British nationals detained in Dubai and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office need to increase travel warnings to citizens intending to visit or live in the country.
"If Jamie is sentenced to prison, he faces human rights violations and torture.
"The English High Court has ruled against extradition to the UAE based on the 'very real risk of unfair trials and torture' but the UK government has refused to increase warnings, largely due to their financial and diplomatic ties with the UAE."
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Saturday will be the last chance for children to receive a present from Santa in his Oban grotto.
Father Christmas will be located next to the TSB Bank on Airds Crescent, Oban, from 11am until 4pm.
He was there last week handing out gifts to youngsters, including twins Jorgia and Jemma MacDonald, thanks to the Oban and Lorn Lions Club, who ‘beg and borrow' to make the annual event happen.
‘It's been great,' the club said. ‘Everyone who has been here is happy to see Santa. We are very grateful to the owners for letting us have this for two days. It's an ideal spot. A lot of people come together to make it work – and the children get really good presents.'
Joining Santa for the day will be Mrs Claus, an elf, a lion, a turkey, and there will also be a number of craft stalls.
News: ‘Ooh, I Would F**k Ferris': Parents Outraged After Teachers Are Caught on Camera Playing 'F**k, Marry, Kill' Game About Teenage Students The mother of a special needs student called out in the vile video would like to see the people involved held accountable.
The harsh rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries, and has probably eliminated any chance of good faith peace talks between the United States and North Korea. In addition to restraining the warlike rhetoric, our leaders need to encourage talks between North Korea and other countries, especially China and Russia. The recent UN Security Council unanimous vote for new sanctions suggests that these countries could help. In all cases, a nuclear exchange must be avoided. All parties must assure North Koreans they will forego any military action against them if North Korea remains peaceful.I have visited North Korea three times, and have spent more than 20 hours in discussions with their political leaders regarding important issues that affect U.S.-DPRK relations.In June 1994, I met with Kim Il Sung in a time of crisis, when he agreed to put all their nuclear programs under strict supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency and to seek mutual agreement with the United States on a permanent peace treaty, to have summit talks with the president of South Korea, to expedite the recovery of the remains of American service personnel buried in his country, and to take other steps to ease tension on the peninsula. Kim Il Sung died shortly after my visit, and his successor, Kim Jong Il, notified me and leaders in Washington that he would honor the promises made by his father. These obligations were later confirmed officially in negotiations in Geneva by Robert Gallucci and other representatives of the Clinton administration.I returned to Pyongyang in August 2010, at the invitation of North Korean leaders, to bring home Aijalon Gomes, an American who had been detained there. My last visit to North Korea was in May 2011 when I led a delegation of Elders (former presidents of Ireland and Finland and former prime minister of Norway) to assure the delivery of donated food directly to needy people.. They wanted a peace treaty (especially with America) to replace the ceasefire agreement that had existed since the end of the Korean War in 1953, and to end the economic sanctions that had been very damaging to them during that long interim period. They have made it clear to me and others that their first priority is to assure that their military capability is capable of destroying a large part of Seoul and of responding strongly in other ways to any American attack. The influence of China in Pyongyang seems to be greatly reduced since Kim Jong-un became the North Korean leader in December 2011.A commitment to peace by the United States and North Korea is crucial. When this confrontational crisis is ended, the United States should be prepared to consummate a permanent treaty to replace the ceasefire of 1953. The United States should make this clear, to North Koreans and to our allies.
Early risers were treated to a rare spectacle in the skies over Bristol on Monday morning.
A number of people took to Twitter to share photos of a rather unusual cloud formation. The clouds which look like waves, appear to be examples of Asperitas which is the newest cloud type to have been classified in more than 50 years.
Met Office meteorologist Emma Sharples said: "These clouds look like examples of Asperitas - a new supplementary feature added to the International Cloud Atlas earlier this year."
(Image: NPAS Filton)
Wave-like structures form on the underside of the Asperitas cloud to make it look like a rough sea surface when viewed from below.
But according to weather experts at the Met Office, the way these clouds form is a bit of a mystery. Some think they are associated with weather conditions after thunderstorms but they have been seen in calm conditions.
(Image: Geoff Newman/Twitter @Geoff_Newman)
Another theory is they are formed where wind direction changes.
These clouds were spotted by the Filton-based NPAS helicopter, just over the bridge in Monmouthshire.
And they were also seen in Thornbury and Filton.
(Image: Amanda/Twitter @Amanda_T_2013)
Did you see these clouds? If you got any pictures or video, email natasha.davies@localworld.co.uk
UNITED NATIONS : Immediate action is needed to address the rise in global hunger, the head of the United Nations food security agency has urged, highlighting the need to build resilience in poor and vulnerable communities.
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the number of hungry people around the world rose to 815 million “ the first increase after more than a decade of steady decline”.
The most important thing to do now is to build the resilience of poor people to face the impacts of conflicts and climate change, Jose Graziano da Silva, the Director-General of FAO told the UN agency's Council meeting in Rome, Monday.
In addition to rising hunger, obesity and overweight are also growing in developed and developing countries, adding further challenges and raising the cost of current food systems.
“It is, thus, critical to ensure that humanitarian assistance is combined with development actions to chart a course to eradicate hunger by 2030,” Graziano da Silva said, while calling for new and increased investments from both the public and private sectors.
At the FAO Council, which manages administrative and financial affairs between biennial meetings of the UN agency's Conference, the Diector-General outlined major events in 2018, including those on agroecology, globally important agricultural heritage systems, innovation for smallholder and family farmers, as well as plan to launch an international platform for biodiversity.
These initiatives are designed to support countries put in place sustainable agricultural practices that combine food production, ecosystem services and climate-change resilience at the same time, Graziano da Silva explained.
Orignally published by NNI
In Worcester, the smiley face is more than just a happy figure.
The city has embraced the smiley face as its own, said Charlie Ball, the son of Harvey Ball, a Worcester artist credited with creating the icon in the 1960s.
"What's kind of pleasing to me is that I constantly run across teachers, and even small kids, who know the story of smiley, and that to me is just a big thrill. It really has become part of the Worcester culture," Charlie Ball said on Thursday night, the eve of World Smile Day.
Harvey Ball was commissioned to create the smiley face to boost company morale at the State Mutual Life Assurance Company. He was a freelance artist and was not paid much for the design.
But its popularity took off and Worcester has a clear affinity for the smiley face. There are local events celebrating smiley and even a mural of a yellow smiley face balloon downtown.
"That took on a life of its own," Charlie Ball said. "I think it came to have a lot more meaning for my dad probably in the 1990s or so when there was some controversy about who actually created the smiley face in the first place. People suddenly became interested."
Charlie Ball, born and raised in Worcester like his father, still helps carry on the legacy of the smiley face with events like the annual Harvey Ball at the Worcester Historical Museum and with the Harvey Ball World Smile Foundation.
Harvey Ball died in 2001 at age 79.
"He realized this was his legacy. He was very proud of it," Charlie Ball said. "He really understood the fact that there was vastly more value in a legacy like that than any money could buy."
Since 1999, the first Friday in October has been dubbed World Smile Day.
NEWBURY'S Northcroft Lido will finally open for summer tomorrow morning, two days ahead of schedule.
The lido, which attracts thousands of visitors each year, will be open for early morning swimmers between 7.15am until 8.45am from July 5.
The popular pool will also be open between 11am and 7pm on weekdays and from 11am until 6pm on weekends and bank holidays.
And with temperatures expected to reach 26°C in Newbury over the weekend, the news is sure to make a splash with swimmers and families alike.
West Berkshire Council, which operates the 72m heated outdoor pool, had said the lido would open on Saturday, July 7.
But the council issued this announcement last night:
West Berkshire Council is very pleased to announce that Berkshire's largest outdoor pool at Northcroft Leisure
Centre, Newbury will be opening slightly ahead of schedule at 7.15am on Thursday 5 July. For full details of opening times visit: https://t.co/Hm1GYNqtME pic.twitter.com/EbLT8pPzLE — West Berkshire (@WestBerkshire) July 3, 2018
On the original opening date the council said: “Often people ask us why we don't open the lido either earlier in the year or all year round.
"The lido is really old and the current structure dates back to the 1920s.
“It is built in a flood plain and is fed by a borehole, licensed by the Environment Agency, and has limits on the amount of water which can be extracted for the pool each year.
“Water is retained in the pool over the winter months to keep the structure stable and counteract the pressure from the ground water.
Each year the pool is emptied and inspected to ensure that it is safe to open. However, this can only be done once the ground water level surrounding the pool is lower than the pool structure.
“This level, despite the lovely sunny weather, has only just been reached. Emptying it earlier would mean an increased risk that the pool structure could be compromised.
“Owing to its age, there are always repairs to be done as leaks appear where the ground moves over the winter period.
“Once these repair works have been done, the pool takes 10 days to fill. The water is then treated and heated ready for opening.”
Dominic Boeck, the council's portfolio holder for culture, said: “It is always frustrating when we have lovely weather but are unable to open the lido. We understand why residents are disappointed when this happens.
“We do get the pool open as quickly as we can but there are so many factors involved in doing so beyond our control.
“Unfortunately, owing to the lido's age, repairs are inevitable each year, costly and reliant on the ground water levels being lower than the bottom of the pool.
“Now the pool is nearly open for 2018, I hope the weather is kind to allow people to enjoy it over the summer.”
Muhammad Zahid Rifat
INCUMBENT federal government of ruling party PML (N) headed by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is stepping down on May 31, 2018 on quite successfully completing its stipulated five years constitutional tenure. It has created record of rarely being among the federal government completing five years governing period. The federal budget for FY 2018-19 which has since been presented and passed includes the Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP) which also has the highest ever allocations of Rs 1030 billion for accelerating developmental activities for socio-economic uplift of the people all over the country.
PSDP 2018-19 has been formulated in line with overall development agenda of the incumbent but outgoing federal government and its people friendly policies. In doing so, determined efforts have been made to ensure aligning PSDP with development objectives as duly enunciated in the seven pillars of the Vision 2025 and for achieving Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). As such, it has been ensured that the PSDP is people centric and also promotes national integration.
The national development plan has been formulated by adopting inclusive, consultative and participatory approach at the appropriate level and it is also in accordance with the division of subjects between the federal government and provincial governments of the Punjab, Sindh, Khyber Pukhtunkhwah (KPK) and Balochistan in the post 18th Amend to the 1973 Constitution scenario. The overall size of the PSDP including substantial provision for Public –Private Partnership (PPP) mode financing has been duly increased from Rs 1001 billion for the outgoing financial year 2017-18 to Rs 1030 billion, highest-ever in the history of the country, for the year2018-19 showing an increase of 3 per cent. It is pertinent to mention here that the federal government continues supporting the provinces even after 18th Constitutional Amendment in the areas of health, education and infrastructure thus substantially boosting provincial growth trajectory .
The Ministry of Planning, Development and Reform after holding detailed discussions in bilateral meetings distributed the available resources among the Ministries and Divisions of the federal government keeping in view respective portfolio of ongoing projects and future programmes. The ministries and divisions were duly advised to prepare their respective development portfolio for financial year 2018-19 in accordance with the guidelines of ensuring the projects fall under sectoral priorities and also contribute to achieving high level goals set under Vision 2025 and 11th Five-Year Plan; identifying projects that may be undertaken on innovative modes of financing (PPP, community participating, cost sharing by NGOs); include projects having identifiable and tangible outcome for achieving desired SDgs by 2030; ensure provision of full rupee cover to foreign funded projects; allocate appropriate substantial funds to ongoing development projects which are at a fairly advanced stage of their completion; development projects initiated China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and supporting schemes should be allocated required funds to ensure their timely completion, and; at least 20 to 25 per cent of the total cost of new projects in the PSDP 2018-19 for ensuring these take a felt start in positive manner.
Accordingly, a major portion as much as 63 per cent of the PSDP for next financial year 2018-19 has been earmarked for the ongoing projects to ensure maximum number of these are completed within their stipulated period without suffering from time and cost over-runs unduly. Highest total number of 1235 development schemes have been listed in PSDP 2018-19 which include substantial number of 726 ongoing projects and 509 new projects, most of which in different sectors are undergoing process of approval at the appropriate forums.
According to the facts and figures available to this scribe from the official quarters concerned, following are the main features of the development agenda for next financial year with an overall view of concerted and determined efforts being made by the federal government since 2013 with the sole objective of ensuring socio-economic uplift of the people all over the country through accelerated developmental activities in all important sectors of the national economy.
Infrastructure sector is very important not only for attracting much needed foreign investment but also for appreciably reducing the cost of doing business. Accordingly, this sector has been allocated as much as 62 per cent of the total development budget of the country. Within the sector itself, the highest priority has been accorded to transport and communication sector with a huge allocation of Rs 400 billion for national highways, railways and aviation schemes like Gwadar International Airport.
Railways which somehow has quite unfortunately remained neglected for decades together in the past was given direly needed boost by the federal government during the last 4 to 5 years increasing the allocations from Rs 16 billion 2013 to Rs 43 billion in 2018. During financial year 2018-19, the federal government despite fiscal difficulties has tried to adequately finance railway main line , commonly known as ML-1. This will not only modernize railways network across the country but will also give boost to CPECtrade.
To increase railways capability and modernize its infrastructure, new projects namely Establishment of Dry Port near Havelian, improvement of Infrastructure Maintenance Services and Acquisition of land for Gwadar Connectivity will be initiated during next financial year. There is no denying of the bitter fact that energy sector was the hardest hit sector of the national economy prior to 2013. The menace of lingering load shedding of electricity had brought about virtually of all activities in trade, manufacturing and social life of the people all over the country. This was as such really a gigantic challenge for the federal government after taking power reigns of national affairs in 2013. During the period 2013-18, a huge allocation of Rs 1.5 trillion was made to this important sector and resultantly through determined and committed efforts up to 10 thousand megawatt units of electricity have been added to the national grid by now.
It is a well-established fact that CPEC offers a game changer opportunity for economic growth and employment for our people and future generations in all regions across the country without any discrimination whatsoever. It will obviously become a source of regional and national integration boosting trade opportunity and changing socio-economic fabric of the country. Special security requirements of CPEC projects are being duly met by providing 1 per cent cost of CPEC Projects.
CPEC related projects will be entering into their third year of implementation during 2018-19. During financial year 2018-19, new projects costing Rs 835 billion will also be added in the CPEC and its supporting projects. As many as 31 projects for all round development of Gwadar are part of the PSDP 2018-19 with an estimated cost of Rs 137 billion. Pakistan is facing acute water scarcity for quite some time. For consersation of water and its augmentation during next financial year, water sector allocation has been substantially enhanced from Rs 36 billion during outgoing fiscal year to Rs 65 billion during 2018-19. In the Water Sector seven new schemes worth Rs 849 billion are going to launch during FY 2018-19 for conserving and augmenting the depleting water resources of the country.
The federal government assigns high priority to human resource development in the country. Accordingly, an allocation of Rs 57 billion has been provided for Education related programmes . A few initiatives in the Higher Educatio sector include Enterprise Resource Planning System and Information Technology (IT) Training for substantially large number of 100,000 Youth, Modernization and Upgradation of Laboratories in Engineering Universities, Establishment of Centre of Excellence in Cybersecurity, Robotics and Automation and Establishment of Centre of Cooperation of Civilization.
Health and population subjects are the responsibilities of the provincial governments after 18 Constitutional Amendment. However, in view of importance of these subjects, the federal government continues supplementing the efforts of the provincial governments to improve quality of life is financing major programmes of health and population welfare including Expanded Programme of Immunization, Control of Hepatitis, Malaria and Blindness Programmes. Furthermore, resources have also been earmarked to finance the Prime Minister National Health Programme Phase-11, construction of Medical College in Islamabad, establishment of Centre for Neurosciences at PIMS Islamabad and Cancer Hospital Islamabad.
Availability of power has encouraged the entrepreneurs to expand their production thus creating surplus for boosting exports of the country. For displaying export items and attract importers from foreign countries holding of expos is very important. Accordingly, expo centre of Karachi is to be upgraded and Expo Centres are planned to be constructed at Peshawar, Quetta and Islamabad. Engaging the youth in productive and healthy activities is very important for keeping them away from undesirable and unhealthy activities. In view of this, as many as 100 stadiums are going to be constructed all over the country in consultation with the provincial governments on basis of 50.50 cost sharing.
Similarly, large number of 400 vocational training institutes on cost sharing basis with the provincial governments have also been planned to be set up all over the country. Hopefully, this will bridge the gap in the supply and demand of technical manpower especially required for CPEC projects. For ensuring fast track development of Special Areas, an allocation of Rs 62 billion has been provided for Gilgit-Baltistan, Federally-Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Azad Jammu and Kashmir in varying ratios. Special areas have also been authorized to take adequate measures to ensure that fruit of development reach the common man at the earliest.
FATA is fast being brought in the mainstream. The federal government has already approved 10 years FATA Development Plan with total outlay of Rs 100 billion. Against this, Rs 10 billion will be provided under the plan during financial year 2018-19. Development quite obviously takes root in an environment of peace and security. Special development programmes are in hand to enhance security and rebuilding infrastructure to ease out resettlement of Temporarily Displaced Persons (TDPs) at the earliest. These programmes were initiated in 2015-16 and will be continued during next financial year with adequate allocation of Rs 105 billion.
Furthermore, National Highway Authority (NHA) has been asked to undertake projects of at least Rs 100 billion during FY 2018-19 on Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode of financing to bridge the gap between demand and supply of financial resources to some extent.
—The writer is Lahore-based freelance journalist, columnist and retired Deputy Controller (News) Radio Pakistan Islamabad and can be reached at [email protected]
In often gut-wrenching narratives, detained migrant women are speaking out about the heartache caused by the Trump administration's policy of separating families apprehended at the border. Letters from more than a dozen migrant women currently being held in immigration detention centers are being made public by the nonprofit human rights organization Grassroots Leadership. Written by women detained at the T. Don Hutto Residential Center in Taylor, Texas, the letters give readers a glimpse into life inside an immigration detention facility and the anguish and distress that plagues a mother torn away from her child.
"I was separated from my son. I am desperate," one woman wrote. " I've been separated from him since May 14 and no one will give me any information about where he is... Help me, I am distraught, I feel helpless trapped in here unable to do anything for my son. Help. Help. I can't go on like this anymore."
Grassroots Leadership has recently published a total of 18 letters — some addressed to Grassroots Leadership organizers and others addressed to the women's children — which were written by 16 migrant women currently being detained in Texas. According to the nonprofit, the motivation behind each letter varied; some were attempts to shine a light on the conditions inside detention centers, others were simply desperate please for help.
"They were written to tell their experience publicly, to ask for help in being released from detention, and reunited with their children," Bethany Carson, an immigration policy researcher and organizer for Grassroots Leadership, told CNN.
According to the nonprofit, multiple woman told organizers that staff at the T. Don Hutto Residential Center had told them that "all women separated from children at the border" would soon be transferred to a military base "as a first step to deporting them." In a blog post published last week, Grassroots Leadership said attorneys and advocates working to help the women feared immigration authorities would "coerce" the women into signing voluntary deportation orders in order to be reunited with their children sooner.
"The guard told me to get on the bus because I was going to another detention center," another migrant woman, who said she turned herself and her 15-year-old son into immigration authorities after crossing the border, wrote in a letter. "I asked for my son and they told me, 'Lady, your son isn't here. He's very far away. You are getting deported back to your country' and I started to cry and I begged them to give me my son and the guard told me, 'don't make me give you an electric shock'... I've gone for 23 days without hearing anything about my son. I'm distraught, please help me. This is the worst thing that they could have done to us."
Grassroots Leadership has redacted any information that might serve to identify the women and their children, such as their surnames. In some cases, the women's first names were also redacted on request.
Although many of the women write simply to express their heartache and concern and to ask for help in obtaining information about their child's whereabouts, some of the women's letters also offered brief glimpses into life in a immigration detention center. "I was then transferred to McAllen, the dog pound, as they call it," a woman identified as Yasmin wrote. "I was there for seven days without showering or brushing my teeth. I ate bread with cold cut processed meat and a juice for every meal."
The dog pound or kennel is the unofficial nickname given to the Border Patrol processing facility in McAllen, Texas, according to the Nation. The name is a reference to the chain link fences used to "cage" the migrants in.
In a separate letter, another woman describes having a similar experience at the facility in McAllen. "They move me to the dog kennel..." she writes. "I was very worried, eight days without showering, without my medicine, I thought that I would get sick."
A number of the women claim they were lied to by immigration authorities who'd told them they would be separated from their children for only a short time. They described the anguish of not only the forced separation but also of being given little to no information about their children.
"There are moments I swear I feel am I going crazy and I hope that if any of you is a mother, you could understand the pain that we are feeling because they have ripped away the most wonderful thing God has given us, which is our children," a woman, who said her 7-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son were taken from her early last month, wrote. "I am one of the mothers that is running away from their own country because they threatened to kill me and my children, and that is why we ran away, but here they killed us alive by taking away our children."
Michigan State coach Tom Izzo unloaded on ESPN's Dan Dakich after the Spartans' victory over Ohio State on Tuesday night. MSU students chanted “we hate Dakich” on the front end of OSU one-and-one opportunities throughout the game. Izzo, initially irritated by the chanting, changed his tune after finding out what inspired them.
Dakich's tweets about MSU being populated by a bunch of whiners who couldn't get into Michigan, which he sent after last week's game between the in-state rivals.
Dakich deleted several of them after Tuesday night's game, but here's one that remains.
Dakich's son, Andrew, is a reserve guard for the Wolverines on a redshirt season.
“If I had known that before the game, I would have embarrassed myself almost as much as he embarrassed himself, and I would have led the chants,” Izzo said, his voice slightly cracking. “Because calling us whiners and that is kind of unprofessional. Classy broadcasters, like George Blaha and everybody else, wouldn't have even thought to do something like that on TV. But saying our students couldn't get in there? And he's doing games for Michigan when his son is there? That is a disappointment, and that is ridiculous. And I think it's funny because I got no respect for him for that. And I am going to publicly say it – you can tweet it, you can read it, you can do whatever you want with it – but Twitter got him in trouble, and he earned it. I am surprised ESPN would let somebody say something like that, that works for them.”
Look, some of what Dakich said has merit. Every fanbase has a whiny element and East Lansing is full of students who couldn't hack it in Ann Arbor. Michigan's admission standards are more stringent than Michigan State's. No argument there.
At the same time, it's hard not to enjoy Izzo clapping back because Dakich is constantly cruising for a bruising with his opinions. If he had a bigger platform, there's no doubt in my mind that he'd be excoriated in the same way Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless are on a daily basis. He puts some bricks up in the content game. From his insistence that LeBron James doesn't work hard to his inability to realize he's a member of the media while ripping the media, there's plenty to dislike.
But you know what? He's mostly a harmless irritant, a more good shock jock than a bad dude. Izzo was right to be annoyed but demanding an apology and questioning ESPN's employment of Dakich is an overreaction. It's not as if Spartans are hearing the “couldn't get into Michigan” jab for the first time.
If anything, Dakich's willingness to mix it up with fans made for a more enjoyable game. College basketball is about fun and there's no doubt that the heckling members of the Izzone had a great time getting on Dakich's case. The added dose of venom only made the victory sweeter.
Dakich should apologize only if he feels inclined. In my mind, wearing that disrespect on national television was punishment enough.
[Detroit Free Press]
Spoilers for the April 17 episode. The Flash's Season 4 big bad guy, Clifford DeVoe, is working his way through the population of metas in Central City, and his latest victim is Ralph, also known as Elongated Man. Ralph's transformation from schemer and scammer to bonafide good guy wasn't always an easy one, especially when it came to sacrificing himself for the greater good. But is Ralph Dibney really dead? The Flash has featured some tragic character deaths, but the series has also founds ways to bring back characters who have seemingly died.
The series is on its fourth iteration of Wells at this point, so there's no rule saying that Ralph, or at least actor Hartley Sawyer, can't return in the future. According to Deadline, Sawyer was cast for a recurring role, not to be a member of the main cast. And the comics don't give much of a hint either. Ralph Dibney did die in 52 Vol. 1 Issue 42, but in circumstances that are so different from the current storyline on The Flash that it probably won't be relevant (in that version, Ralph helps defeat an ancient evil while choosing to die in order to be reunited with his dead wife).
But for now, it looks like whether or not Ralph is really gone — as in, permanently off the team and never to return on the show again — what really matters is how it will emotionally affect the rest of the team, especially Barry, according to what the Flash cast told Entertainment Weekly about the aftermath of Ralph's death. It was Barry's advice that led Ralph to spare DeVoe's life, and so "he's going to carry a lot of guilt for not being able to save Ralph, and it does affect the whole team," Danielle Panabaker (Caitlin) said. But Barry won't be able to move past this immediately. "Barry's kind of in denial about his role in Ralph's death [...] he's kind of repressing it a little bit and wants to keep moving, because we still have DeVoe to deal with," Grant Gustin (Barry) told EW.
Perhaps defeating DeVoe will actually revive Ralph, absolving Barry of some of his guilt. DeVoe has killed all of the bus metas so far, but for now, Ralph's (stretchy) body is still alive, with DeVoe's mind controlling him. And since the team believes Ralph is the Thinker's ultimate target, it's possible that Ralph will be the body that DeVoe chooses to keep alive as he completes the rest of his plan. If Team Flash is able to defeat DeVoe, that means that they may be able to rescue Ralph's body — but DeVoe could easily use Ralph's body as a bargaining chip to get away from the heroes, who don't want to experience the pain of losing their friend twice.
As Gustin told EW in the same piece, "Barry has some guilt that he feels just because he feels like [...] he pushed Ralph too hard. It feels just like another person that died because of Barry." Barry's guilt sometimes leads him to make decisions that have worse repercussions — look no further than the entire Flashpoint disaster — so it will be up to the rest of the team to make sure that they execute a well thought out plan to stop DeVoe, and don't let Ralph's death or the fact that the Thinker is now wearing Ralph's face affect their plans.
Shane Harvey/The CW
Even if this Ralph really is gone forever, there are always alternate universes. Given that The Flash Season 4 is reintroducing another version of Citizen Cold after that character's death to help defeat DeVoe, odds are good that Ralph will reappear in some form, even if this version of the character is really dead. But it would be a shame to lose all of the character development The Flash spent a season building in Ralph Dibney to have him return to his pre-heroic self. But there's hope, whether your theory is that Team Flash will defeat DeVoe and find a way to save the metas, Barry will travel through time in a way that won't unravel the fabric of the universe, or that another Elongated Man who's also been able to embrace his warm and fuzzy side will somehow appear.
World Cup 2018: 3 reasons why Colombia lost to England
Sachin Bhat FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 2.42K // 04 Jul 2018, 12:47 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Colombia played ugly... really ugly!
England broke the dreaded penalty shootout jinx after triumphing 4-3 over Colombia to seal a first quarter-final appearance at the World Cups since 2006.
After a tempestuous first-half, Harry Kane put the Three Lions ahead from another spot-kick and were well on their way to a win, before Yerry Mina popped up with another header, his third in the last as many games, in the third minute of injury-time.
No breakthrough in the extra-time paved way for the shootouts, and Jordan Henderson was the first to fluff his lines after seeing England's first two kicks clinically dispatched. But Jordan Pickford stepped up to the plate and denied Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca, leaving Eric Dier to seal their first shootout victory in four attempts.
Heartbreak for Colombia, but here are three reasons why they lost:
#1 Carlos Sanchez concedes another penalty
Sanchez conceded a second penalty in this competition
Carlos Sanchez's penalty box shenanigans have now cost Colombia two games, the latest one effectively ending their World Cup campaign. The imprudent La Roca, as he's fondly referred to, was sent off in the opening game to Japan for handling the ball inside the area and conceding a penalty, which was the catalyst in Colombia's defeat as they played a good 85 minutes of the match with 10-men.
If you play with fire, you're bound to get burnt. And his recklessness proved costly again when he brought Harry Kane down during a set-piece. The Fiorentina star wrapped himself around the Tottenham hitman while a corner was being played and pushed him to the ground to give away another cheap penalty. Kane duly converted and England had the breakthrough.
The Cafeteros had made life difficult for them from open play as clear-cut chances were few and far between. With Yerry Mina also equalizing late in the game, Colombia's eventually exit has this particular moment to look back on.
You'll need to be screened for colon and rectal cancers earlier than before, according to an updated recommendation from the American Cancer Society.
The American Cancer Society (ACS) announced on Wednesday that most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at the age of 45. The organization had previously recommended that testing begin at the age of 50.
Dreading that unpleasant colonoscopy? It's OK because there is some good news.
The initial tests do not necessarily have to involve a colonoscopy, according to the guidelines. ACS says it could be a much less invasive procedure like a visual exam or an at-home stool test.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," the society's chief cancer control officer, Dr. Richard Wender, said.
Treatment for these types of cancers is most effective when the disease is caught early.
You can view more of the updated guidelines on the American Cancer Society's website by clicking here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Madison Twp. agreed to pay $100,000 to settle a federal lawsuit filed by a former secretary who alleged she was retaliated against because she ran for township supervisor in 2015, according to the woman's attorney.
Deborah Gromlich worked for the township as secretary/treasurer for 25 years before she was forced out in January 2016, she said in a lawsuit filed last year against the township and Supervisor Philip Setzer.
According to the suit, Gromlich first expressed interest in becoming a supervisor in 1994. Setzer told her she could not be on the board because “she was a woman and not a farmer.”
Over the next two decades, Setzer took various steps to make Gromlich's job more difficult, including preventing her from collecting mail delivered to the township, in an attempt to force her to quit, the suit says.
In 2015, Gromlich ran for township supervisor but was defeated in the November general election. When supervisors met in January 2016, they voted to drastically cut her salary.
Gromlich's attorney, Harry Coleman of Carbondale, said supervisors later offered to return her to the position at her prior salary, but she declined the offer because of the hostile work environment.
The township agreed to settle the case Oct. 2, court records show.
Attempts to reach Setzer were unsuccessful.
Contact the writer:
tbesecker@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9137;
@tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
We all know the story of Obi-Wan Kenobi. The Jedi Master who trained Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan blamed himself for his Apprentice's fall to the dark side. Ultimately, Kenobi wound up living the life of a hermit, isolated on the planet Tatooine. His task was to watch over Anakin's son from a distance, all the time wondering whether or not the Galaxy would ever be freed from the Sith.
Lucasfilm recently began working on an Obi-Wan Kenobi movie, filming under the working title 'Joshua Tree.' The title was a subtle hint, telling attentive fans that the film is likely to be set during the years of Kenobi's exile on Tatooine. The film has the potential to be a Star Wars movie unlike any other, exploring the penitent heart of a Jedi Master, while diving into his personal quest for redemption. Now, one tremendous fan-made trailer has given us a sense of just how powerful that story could be.
Check Out This Stunning Obi-Wan Kenobi Trailer
As you can see, the trailer imagines Obi-Wan Kenobi as a man who's haunted by ghosts of the past. His mind constantly spins back to the battles of yesterday, wondering whether or not he could have chosen another path. What if his Master Qui-Gon hadn't died in the Battle of Naboo, but instead had been the one to train Anakin Skywalker? What if Obi-Wan had seen the hints of the dark side, and had stood in his friend's way before he fell? Jedi aren't often plagued by this kind of questions. For Obi-Wan though, his decisions have ultimately cost the Galaxy everything. Not only does he blame himself for the fact the entire galaxy has fallen to the dark side, but Obi-Wan also holds himself responsible for the ascendance of the Sith.
Even as he wrestles with his inner demons, striving to find the peace of heart that the Jedi seek, Obi-Wan remains a man with a mission. His task is to keep Luke Skywalker — who he believes to be the Chosen One — safe from harm. Tatooine is a harsh, dangerous world, and this fan-made trailer envisions the Tusken Raiders as the villains of the piece. In this imagined plot, it seems that the infant Luke is captured by the Tuskens, and it falls to Obi-Wan to rescue the child.
It's a smart concept, and carefully avoids having Obi-Wan return to galactic affairs. This is an exile after all, and he's a man with a duty. In fact, Kenobi should have no part in the nascent Rebellion. Instead, should have minimal (if any) contact with the rest of the galaxy. The more this Jedi Master makes a stand on Tatooine, the more his charge is at risk. So it's perfectly fitting that a threat to Luke is what forces Obi-Wan into action once again.
Is this the direction Lucasfilm plan on taking things? The video is perfectly logical, offering a strong character-focused movie that avoids damaging the overarching narrative of the Star Wars universe. It really is the kind of #Kenobi movie fans would be delighted to see, and we can only hope Lucasfilm's plans mirror it.
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 8:51 pm |
Fed Proposes Easing Rule That Limits Risky Bank Trading
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown. The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The activity is known as proprietary trading.
Europe Expects to Be Hit by U.S. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum
PARIS (AP) – Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum. Top European officials were holding last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to avoid U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum.
“Realistically, I do not think we can hope” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner.
U.S. Economic Growth Revised Down to 2.2 Percent Rate in Q1
WASHINGTON (AP) – The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter. The Commerce Department reports that growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period.
Need an Entry-Level Job at a Store? It Can Be Harder Now
NEW YORK (AP) – Getting a job as a store cashier or a sales assistant — often an easy way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be easy. Now, that path is getting much more complicated as employers demand higher-level skills.
Across all entry-level retail jobs, the number of skills being demanded rose from 2010 to 2016, according to an analysis done for The Associated Press by Burning Glass Technologies, which scours 25 million job postings.
This has major consequences for workers without college degrees or vocational training trying to get an economic foothold. A decade ago, workers, especially young ones, could start as cashiers and move up to become store managers or even higher.
Should You Reboot Your Router Like the FBI Says?
(AP) – Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that might have been infected with disruptive malware. But cycling the power on an infected router is only a temporary solution that would leave the core infection intact and listening for instructions. Cisco researchers say the good news is that the FBI has disrupted the command-and-control server that transmits instructions to infected routers. The bad news is that another such server could be set up.
Fed Finds Nationwide Pickup In Manufacturing Activity
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions. The survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the Fed's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity.
Survey: U.S. Businesses Add a Solid 178,000 Jobs in May
WASHINGTON (AP) – U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter. Payroll processor ADP said on Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
Electric Vehicle Startup SF Motors Takes Over Indiana Plant
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) – An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
Safe Plastics For Food and Drink (Food Grade) by Ken Jorgustin – Modern Survival Blog
Plastics that come in contact with your food or drink ‘should' be safe based on the following general information.
Look for the Recycle symbol (often on the bottom of the container) and read the number located inside the symbol.
The following list cross-references the recycle number (recycling symbol) with what is generally considered safe for food (or not safe).
PLASTICS CONSIDERED SAFE FOR FOOD & DRINK
#1 PETE (polyethylene terephthalate)
#2 HDPE (high density polyethylene) *see note below
#4 LDPE (low density polyethylene)
#5 PP (polypropylene)
Nalgene Wide Mouth 16oz Bottle, BPA/BPS FREE
PLASTIC WATER BOTTLES OR SOFT DRINK CONTAINERS
#1 PETE (polyethylene terephthalate) Used for typical water, soda, and juice bottles. They are not designed for reuse however.
RISKY PLASTICS NOT SAFE FOR FOOD AND DRINK
These plastics may leach or have hazardous ingredients:
#3 PVC (polyvinyl chloride) carcinogens during manufacture and incineration
#6 PS (polystyrene) possible carcinogen
#7 PC (usually polycarbonate, sometimes labeled PC) may leach BPA (Bisphenol-A)
FOOD GRADE BUCKETS
5 gallon ‘food grade' buckets are made of #2 HDPE, and are generally opaque or mostly opaque which minimizes the amount of light penetration. If the bucket is considered ‘food grade' it is typically marketed as such and / or labeled “Food Grade”, “Food Safe”, etc.
Some food grade buckets or containers will include a cup & fork symbol as an indicator. A food-grade bucket or container might also be specifically marked as USDA approved (or FDA or NSF approved).
If you will be storing food directly in a plastic bucket or container, or if you will be using the container for drinking water, you might verify the material is food-safe before you purchase.
WATER CONTAINERS
The typical ‘blue' water storage containers or water barrels are also made of high density polyethylene #2 HDPE and are marketed as food safe.
Sharing is caring!
A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to death by hanging for stealing a laptop and a mobile phone at gunpoint.
Izuma Ajaere was found guilty on Wednesday by an Ikeja High Court sitting in Lagos State for robbing Uchenna Ukah in his residence in Ajao Estate.
At about 9: 30 p.m. on June 22, 2012, Ajaere and an accomplice had accosted Ukah at gunpoint outside his flat at No. 12, Vincent Eze, Street, Ajao Estate, Lagos and robbed him of the items, the prosecution led by Mrs. A.B Awosika, told the court.
Mrs Awosika said: "After confronting Ukah, the victim led them to his flat where they stole a laptop, a modem and a blackberry mobile phone. Ajaere and his accomplice after the robbery, locked the complainant in his apartment with the intent to also rob his neighbours.
"The complainant managed to get out of his apartment to raise an alarm leading to Ajaere and his accomplice being apprehended. Ukah's laptop and modem were recovered from the duo, however, his blackberry mobile phone was never recovered."
Ajaere denied robbing the complainant while testifying during the trial. He said that he only went to Ajao Estate for hairdressing work and was arrested by policemen during a raid.
He said he was wrongly charged with conspiracy and armed robbery by officials of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS.
Justice Kudirat Jose found Ajaere guilty and ordered that he be hung by the neck till he dies. She stated that the prosecution had proven its case beyond every reasonable doubt.
The judge also said Ukah was clear and emphatic in his testimony about the events of the armed robbery and his evidence was pivotal in convicting Ajaere.
Justice Jose said: "The evidence of the prosecution witness proved that the defendant was one of the armed robbers, therefore, all the ingredients of the crime of armed robbery has been shown.
The prosecution has proved the charge of conspiracy to commit armed robbery and armed robbery beyond a reasonable doubt.
The defendant is hereby sentenced to death for conspiracy to commit armed robbery and sentenced to death for armed robbery.
He is to be hanged by the neck till he is dead; may the Lord have mercy on his soul."
CTE is a big topic in today's news. Every day new information is revealed and former players are diagnosed with the disease.
Plenty of NFL players are probably asking themselves, “What can I do to prevent getting this disease?”
Well, a company called Q30 Innovations may have an answer, and Luke Kuechly seems to have bought into it.
Kuechly was seen wearing a “Q-collar” practice on Sunday.
https://t.co/ucMCIGpfQC
The device is a collar you wear around your neck, which swells the brain. It has appeared in several studies, including the Btitish Journal of Sports Medicine and Frontiers in Neurology.
According to the co-creator David Smith, the device ” creates a kind of bubble wrap around the brain,” allowing the head to absorb contact better.
The collar causes the brain to swell to take up the entirety of the skull, thus allowing shock waves to travel through the head smoothly, instead of bouncing the brain around, possibly causing a concussion.
It was designed after studying a woodpecker. “Woodpeckers…have a long tongue that can wrap around the head and pinch the jugular vein. This actually increases blood volume in the skull, creating a protective cushion—adding extra padding on the inside rather than outside of the skull.”
The science behind this device may be new, but if it can help prevent brain damage, it may be well worth the trial.
State Sen. Sylvia Garcia is the favorite to replace Houston Democratic Congressman Gene Green. (Senate.Texas.Gov)
0 Share with your friends Submit
Rash of retirements triggers 2018 political bonanza.
By Will Weissert
Associated Press
AUSTIN — Is Texas' political dinner bell ringing?
An unusual rash of seven congressional retirements is triggering a stampede among ambitious conservatives — and, gasp, even some Democrats — who see a rare opportunity for seizing higher-profile office in the state.
Five Republicans and two Democrats in Congress have announced that they'll be stepping down next year. Also, the powerful GOP speaker of the Texas House and some of his top lieutenants are leaving, in what seems to be more of an actuarial blip than a seismic political shift.
But it's turned what once looked like a low-wattage off-year election into a political spectacle.
No real change is likely in party balance: The open Republican congressional seats should stay in GOP hands barring upsets, and the Democratic ones look equally safe. The Texas Legislature will remain solidly Republican-controlled no matter what.
Still, Texas will see a large throng of conservatives going at each other in a political climate already polarized by President Donald Trump. And the U.S. may be introduced to new faces from a place that lately has been a launching pad for national GOP prominence, while giving rising Democratic stars potentially larger footholds in the country's largest red state.
“I think a lot of our representatives that represent themselves as conservatives really aren't,” said David Balat, a former hospital CEO who's already firing early shots in his bid for the suburban Houston seat being vacated by retiring Republican U.S. Rep. Ted Poe. “When it comes down to how they vote, or how they behave, they do something that's generally geared to their own interest and own longevity.”
Like Poe, set to retire next year are Republican Rep. Sam Johnson from suburban Dallas, Jeb Hensarling of Dallas, who is term-limited out of his chairmanship of the powerful House Financial Services Committee, and San Antonio's Lamar Smith who is similarly losing the House Science, Space and Technology Committee chairmanship.
Rep. Joe Barton, from Ennis outside Dallas who is Texas' most-senior member of Congress, joined the retirement group after a sex scandal.
The departing Democrats are longtime Houston Rep. Gene Green and El Paso's Beto O'Rourke, who is trying to oust U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz next November.
Texas has the most open congressional seats in its history this cycle. Of 36 seats, only two were open in 2016. More than 50 Republicans alone are running.
“It's almost like free-market competition,” said Republican Party of Texas spokesman Jamie Bennett.
A vacancy in the Legislature may spark the biggest political scrum of all.
Joe Straus, the moderate San Antonio Republican who kept state lawmakers from moving farther right on many hot issues, like the “bathroom bill” targeting transgender people, is leaving as House speaker. Some House Republicans are already pushing to adopt rules to ensure that Straus' replacement is more conservative.
The spate of competitive races should showcase the issues that conservatives believe are the best weapons to wield against each other.
One likely contentious point is who would be tougher on immigrants. That issue's potency was reflected by the Legislature's recent approval of anti-“sanctuary cities” policies that can jail police chiefs and sheriffs who don't crack down.
Trickier would be trying to use Trump, who, said Rice University political science professor Mark Jones, “is too much of a wild card.”
Some of his policies “are in line with movement conservatives,” Jones said. But “the way he comports himself, as well as some of his other policies are not in line.”
That hasn't spooked Roger Barone, a longshot to replace Johnson, whose online profile says, “I only speak MAGA” for Make America Great Again.
Candidates relying on their colorful biographies include Eric Burkhart, a retired CIA operations officer, who wants to replace Smith. Burkhart says he survived being poisoned repeatedly over a three week period during lavish meals prepared by a Russian contact while working in the Balkans in 2001.
For most, the objective is to get to the rightmost point in the field while attempting to paint their opponents as closet moderates.
Former state Rep. Kenneth Sheets, an Iraq war veteran, hopes to stake out the right flank in the race to replace Hensarling, saying, “People in this district are concerned about conservative issues.”
But Sheets may have trouble owning that turf if he has to face ex-Florida Congressman Allen West, a tea party darling who once famously called then-President Barack Obama “probably the dumbest person walking around in America.” West has moved to Texas but hasn't announced plans to run.
On the Democratic side, state Sen. Sylvia Garcia is the favorite to replace Green, ending Houston's run as America's largest Hispanic city without a Hispanic in Congress.
“That's significant, not just for me as a candidate, but for our community,” said Garcia who would also be the first Hispanic woman from Texas in Congress.
Comments
Last week, I showed you the first part of an interview that I did with John Meese, the Senior Director of Heavy Equipment for Waste Management Inc. We talked about how his company has been getting along since China imposed its 0.5% contamination standard for imported recyclables, how they're handling the growing stockpiles of material, and if it was time to do business in a different way.
FREE Infographic on Landfill Management: 6 Tips for Excellence in Landfill Operations. Covering publicity, education, engineering, long-term planning, and landfill gas waste-to-energy . Download it now!
City Reporter
Two suspected terrorists were killed and 15 others, including two women, arrested in eight raids by Sindh Police's Special Security Unit (SSU) in collaboration with other law enforcement agencies (LEAs), said a SSU spokesman, in a statement, here on Sunday.
He said the accused, affiliated with a banned organisation, were involved in attacking police officials and the personnel of other LEAs.
The spokesman said the SSU officers, including commandos, took active part in these raids. Two sub-machine guns (SMGs), two pistols, two hand grenades, explosive material/devices, and a huge quantity of ammunition of 9mm pistol were recovered from the possession of the accused, he added.
About security for anti-polio teams during the past months, he said over 5000 SSU commandos provided effective security to health workers during 44 anti-polio campaigns in the city.
The spokesman, giving details about SSU assistance in security measures in the city in 2016, he said over 123 SSU commandos provided security during the inauguration ceremony of Yadgar-e-Nishan-Pakistan.
On the occasion of Ramzan-ul-Mubarak 1355 SSU commandos provided security to citizens at a number of shopping centres in Karachi.
On the eve of Eid-ul-Azha, 834 SSU commandos took part in patrolling and performed duties at different points to ensure law and order. Besides, the commandos also provided security on the occasion of the collection of hides.
In the light of threat alert issued from intelligence agencies, the SSU officers and commandos performed duties in different educational institutions.
The SSU also made adequate security arrangements during the visits of foreign dignitaries, including Prince Karim Aga Khan, Sayedna Mufdil Bora Pir, delegation of Turkey and Sultan of the UAE.
The SSU also provided awareness about the measures to be adopted in case of any emergency situations under the program Hostile Environment Awareness Training (H.E.A.T) at the Karachi University, Hamdard University, Shaheed Benazir Bhutto University, Federal Urdu University, Jinnah University.
Salim Ahmed
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has congratulated the nation on the occasion of 70th Independence Day of Pakistan. In a message, the Chief Minister has said that Pakistan is the fruit of illustrious sacrifices and great struggles of millions of Muslims.
He said that Allama Iqbal had dreamt of an independent and autonomous state which came true after a great struggle under the unmatched leadership of Qaid-e-Azam that is why August 14 is the most imperative day of our national history.
He said freedom is a great blessing and fervent nations rejoice their independence day with full zeal and zest just like the way Pakistani's are celebrating their 70th Independence Day today.
He said that Muslims of the subcontinent crossed blood-streams for Pakistan however, despite achieving its objectives of creation of Pakistan have yet not achieved. Today is the day of self-accountability, therefore, we have to ponder over the reasons due to which we lack behind the other nations also we need to learn a lesson from our past mistakes and have to adopt the golden principle of hard-work for better future, he added.
Shahbaz Sharif stressed upon the need of reviving the same spirit among the people as was at the time of creation of Pakistan. He said that Pakistan is demanding just diligent work and diligent work to take it forward and each individual has to buckle down in his own capacity.
He said to protect the blessings of freedom, mutual cooperation and well-being in the society has to be elevated and we have to get united to achieve the goals of Pakistan.
The Chief Minister said that the whole nation is fully committed to root out the menace of terrorism and Operation Zarb-e-Azab, as well as Operation Rudd-ul-Fasaad, are the most noteworthy examples.
Facebook Is Losing Users' Trust, Tech Investor Says Demand is growing for more regulation to hold Facebook accountable for the misuse of millions of users' data. Noel King talks to Roger McNamee, an original investor in Facebook and a mentor to Mark Zuckerberg.
Facebook Is Losing Users' Trust, Tech Investor Says Facebook Is Losing Users' Trust, Tech Investor Says Facebook Is Losing Users' Trust, Tech Investor Says Audio will be available later today. Demand is growing for more regulation to hold Facebook accountable for the misuse of millions of users' data. Noel King talks to Roger McNamee, an original investor in Facebook and a mentor to Mark Zuckerberg. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
President Donald Trump was displeased with a reporter who asked him about whether he would pardon his longtime lawyer Michael Cohen, who is under criminal investigation.
Trump said ABC News White House correspondent Jonathan Karl's question was "stupid."
President Donald Trump was visibly displeased Tuesday when a reporter asked him whether he would consider pardoning his longtime lawyer Michael Cohen, who has yet to be charged with any crime.
"Stupid question," Trump said in response to ABC News White House correspondent Jonathan Karl, who asked the question during an Oval Office meeting between Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron.
Cohen's home, office, and hotel room were raided by the FBI earlier this month. He is under criminal investigation for possible campaign finance violations and bank fraud, and he has reportedly been a cause for worry in the White House in recent weeks.
People close to Trump keep suggesting that Cohen is likely to "flip" — or cooperate with the government by providing information on others in exchange for a lesser punishment.
Cohen and Trump have had a close relationship over the years. The lawyer has claimed intense loyalty to the president as a friend and adviser — once reportedly saying he would "take a bullet" for Trump — and handling sensitive matters for the president. That has included paying the adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 days before the election to keep quiet about an affair she says she had with Trump.
Since the raid, the White House has moved to distance Trump from Cohen and has insisted that Cohen won't "flip" on Trump because he has no incriminating information on the president.
Watch Trump's response:
One former assistant US attorney, however, told Business Insider why he thinks it's likely Cohen will flip.
"I don't know whether or not Michael Cohen is a tough guy," said Mitchell Epner, a former assistant US attorney for the District of New Jersey. "But when I hear things in the media like, 'How is this going to affect my family — I need to take care of them,' if he is actually asking those questions — if that's real and not fake — then it seems extraordinarily likely that he flips."
Over the weekend, Trump sought to push back on the assertion that Cohen will "flip," blasting a New York Times story on the subject.
Trump tweeted that The Times and its reporter Maggie Haberman were "going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will 'flip.'"
The president, who dined with Cohen at Mar-a-Lago in the weeks before the raids and phoned him in the days that followed to "check in," said his attorney was "a fine person with a wonderful family."
"Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected," he continued. "Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don't see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!"
× Man says ‘best mistake I've ever made' led to $100K lottery jackpot
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to him winning $100,000, according to WNEM.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
He bought his winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed his prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
He said he plans to use the money to pay down his mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
Through your highly esteemed daily I would like to draw attention of District Haripur local government authorities, Deputy Commissioner and District & Sessions Judge Haripur towards the problem faced by residents of Haripur regarding price of petroleum products which was announced few days ago by Federal Government on T.V and print media as Rs.69.50 per litre.
Unfortunately the price fixed in almost all the petrol pumps in Haripur is Rs. 71.10 or more. When asked the petrol pump owners and workers not only refuse to assign any cogent reasons but the majority of them make ugly utterance with vehicle owners and some of them even don't hesitate to quarrel with consumers.
The provisional government has badly failed to cope with such mafias and no government writ exists anywhere in KP especially in Haripur District while people are clueless whom to ask and what to do. I suggest that government should take immediate notice of the issue and adopt some viable means to ensure providing petroleum products to Public on prescribed government rates.
NASIR UDDIN BANGASH
Central Jail, Haripur, KP
Related
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks.”
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," he said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
HONOLULU—A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 per cent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
Hawaii governor didn't correct false missile alert sooner because he didn't know his Twitter password
“I did what I was trained to do,” he said. “I just feel bad about what I put the public through as far as panic is concerned.”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counselled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations centre in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
“When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message,” he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, “exercise, exercise, exercise.”
“I heard the part, ‘this is not a drill,'” he said. “I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers.”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
“The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident “shines a light” on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. “As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate,” he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defence spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to co-operate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: “There really wasn't anything else to say.”
A new version of Git has been emitted to ward off attempts to exploit a potential arbitrary code execution vulnerability – which can be triggered by merely cloning a malicious repository.
The security hole, CVE-2018-11235, reported by Etienne Stalmans, stems from a flaw in Git whereby sub-module names supplied by the .gitmodules file are not properly validated when appended to $GIT_DIR/modules . Including " ../ " in a name could result in directory hopping. Post-checkout hooks could then be executed, potentially causing all manner of mayhem to ensue on the victim's system.
Another vulnerability, CVE-2018-11233, describes a flaw in the processing of pathnames in Git on NTFS-based systems, allowing the reading of memory contents.
In a change from normal programming, the vulnerability appears to be cross platform.
Fear not, however, because a patch is available. The Git team released the update in 2.13.7 of the popular coding, collaboration and control tool and forward-ported it to versions 2.14.4, 2.15.2, 2.16.4 and 2.13.7.
For its part, Microsoft has urged users to download 2.17.1 (2) of Git for Windows and has blocked the malicious repositories from being pushed to Visual Studio Team Services users. The software giant has also promised a hotfix will "shortly" be available for its popular Visual Studio 2017 platform.
Other vendors, such as Debian, have been updating their Linux and software distributions to include the patched code and recommend that users upgrade to thwart ne'er-do-wells seeking to exploit the vulnerability. ®
PS: Earlier this month, Google announced version two of Git's wire protocol.
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
A New Year's reveler who had one too many got himself in trouble over the holiday.He was caught on dashboard camera footage charging at a police cruiser around midnight. The unidentified man threw himself on the car, breaking the windshield.Police say two officers were injured while arresting him, but will be okay.The suspect is now waiting to hear his charges in the Winnebago County Jail.Police say he is a 25-year-old man from Kimberly, Wisconsin, who was drinking at the time.
The Foran High girls swimming and diving team defeated West Haven, 97-77, in Milford.
Coach Kristin Skuches' Lions improved to 3-4.
Isabelle Connelly, Kaya Vital, Emma Bell, Jordan MacDonald were first in the 200 medley relay (2:09.01).
Arianna Chen, O'Connor, Emily Sportini and MacDonald won the 200 freestyle relay (1:53.63).
Emma Longley captured the diving competition (244.12).
Ana O'Connor was first in the 200 freestyle (2:16.19).
Corsi won the 200 IM (2:30.17) and the 500 freestyle (5:54.24).
MacDonald was best in the 50 freestyle (25.96).
Jessica Anderson placed first in the 100 butterfly (1:12.65).
Bell was first in the 100 freestyle (1:03.21).
Sign up now for student quiz bowl on March 24 at Hillview Middle School
Does your student enjoy the TV quiz show Jeopardy? This is their chance to pick up the buzzer and answer trivia questions.
Hillview Middle School will be hosting a quiz bowl tournament on Saturday March 24, designed for students in grades 6-8, but younger students can also participate. Quiz bowl is like Jeopardy, but with easier questions. Student can sign up individually, or as a team of 3 or 4 students. The tournament will run all day, but students can play in just the morning or just the afternoon.
Schools from all over Northern California will be participating, so this is a fun way to meet students from other schools. Teams or individuals pay an entry fee to cover the cost of the questions, moderators, room rental fee, and pizza lunch. Check some sample questions that were used in a tournament a few years ago. Questions? Need more information? Want to sign up? Contact Sue Kayton, (650) 853-1711, or email kayton@alum.mit.edu
Photo by Sue Kayton from 2016 quiz bowl
Following reports from the Presidency that the United States President, Donald Trump had a phone chat with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday.
Doubting the presidency's claim, the public requested for audio proof of the conversation between the two leaders however, the presidency insists that it would be “undiplomatic” to do such.
Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu said releasing an audio containing telephone conversation between the two presidents is highly unethical and against modern day civilisation.
On the one hand, President Donald Trump, has remained silent over ‎the phone conversation he reportedly had with President Buhari as claimed by the Nigerian government.
The US government has not reported the conversation on its website or mentioned it on any of their official social media accounts like @USAgov, @WhiteHouse, etc.
Trump, who is notorious for his use of Twitter, has also not tweeted about it either from his personal account@realDonaldTrump or the official account @POTUS.
He, however, tweeted about the visit of the Prime Minister of Canada, Justine Trudeau from his personal account.
Even the United States Diplomatic Mission in Nigeria, has failed to acknowledge the phone conversation via@USEmbassyAbuja.
However, the official accounts of the president of Nigeria, @NGRPresident; the government of Nigeria, @AsoRock; the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, @GeoffreyOnyeama and more than five media aides of Buhari (Femi Adesina, Garba Shehu, Tolu Ogunlesi, Bashir Ahmad and Lauretta Onochie) have all spoken about it.
Shehu, maintaining that there was indeed a phone conversation, noted that there was not enough time for the two presidents to discuss other continental and international, however, Trump extended an invitation to Buhari to visit the US.
Test Boost Elite understand that not all dietary supplements are equal. all of us will respond otherwise to each of these dietary supplements. some of the cheaper options are in reality now not the higher alternatives. you are always higher off getting a prescription from your health practitioner than risking the grocery save cheapo's. more pricey this way? sure, but absolutely worth the paintings. The last component you want is to get ill or harm yourself because a reasonably-priced off emblem complement organization decided to reduce corners!
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
PHOENIX — Joshua Braun scored 14 points to help spark Grand Canyon's wire-to-wire, 89-55 rout of Chicago State in a Western Athletic Conference contest Saturday night.
Chicago State has now lost 19 straight.
Grand Canyon opened the game with back-to-back-to-back 3-pointers by Alessandro Lever, Casey Benson and Braun and never trailed. By halftime, the Antelopes led 36-27. Benson hit a layup and followed it with a 3 to push the lead to 46-27 barely two minutes into the second half. Grand Canyon finished with 11 3-pointers on 27 attempts (40.7 per cent).
Grand Canyon (17-7, 6-2) had its four-game win streak snapped by Utah Valley and the Lopes now have won back-to-back games.
Oscar Frayer had 12 points and Keonta Vernon added 10 points and grabbed eight rebounds for the Antelopes, who had 15 players see action and 13 figures in the scoring.
Glen Burns scored 12 points to lead Chicago State (2-23, 0-8).
By The Associated Press
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FILE - In this Jan. 14, 2017, file photo, tax preparation firm owner Alicia Utley reaches for hard copies of tax forms in her offices at Infinite Tax Solutions, in Boulder, Colo. If your tax refund vanishes too quickly, don‚Äôt have it all sent directly to your checking account. The IRS can divvy your refund among up to three different accounts, including IRAs, college savings accounts and brokerage accounts. (AP Photo/Brennan Linsley, File) Alicia Utley
WILKES-BARRE — Tax Day is here.
Today is the last day to pay taxes or seek an extension without incurring penalties, and the Internal Revenue Service says it expects to receive about 12 million returns this week from last-minute filers.
Taxpayers had three extra days to file this year because the customary April 15 deadline fell on a Saturday and Monday was Emancipation Day, a holiday in Washington, D.C.
As a result, returns must be postmarked on or before today's date in order to be considered on time.
For those who need additional time, the IRS does grant extensions — and expects to receive more than 8 million such requests through this week.
For individuals, Form 4868, in which taxpayers are asked to estimate their tax bills, must be submitted electronically or postmarked by today's date in order to receive an extension until Oct. 16.
An extension grants more time to file the paperwork, but the IRS notes that the due date to pay taxes is still today. The service recommends taxpayers submit payment along with the extension request to avoid incurring interest and penalties.
According to the U.S. Postal Service, post offices throughout Pennsylvania will be open regular business hours today. The service recommends users check collection box pickup times and office hours to ensure their returns are postmarked with today's date.
The service also recommends that taxpayers mail their taxes early in the day and reminds users that package weighing more than 13 ounces must be presented in person at a post office, under Federal Aviation Administration regulations.
Contact the writer:
570-821-2058, @cvjimhalpin on Twitter
With a weight savings of more than 50% versus plywood, these continuous-fiber reinforced thermoplastic sandwich panels offer boat manufacturers a lighter, more efficient alternative to traditional marine construction materials.
Beyond weight reduction, Hammerhead panels can improve installation and labor productivity because they replace the typical wood, hand lay-up and vacuum assisted process with a consolidated, ready-to-install panel.
Amazon Prime Day doesn't officially begin until July 16, but that didn't stop the company from beginning the deals a little bit early. Alongside the announcement, Amazon announced that a few deals would be available instantly for Prime members, and there are a few that you definitely won't want to miss.
To kick things off, the company slashed $100 on the price of the Echo Show, dropping it down to just $129.99. This is the lowest we've ever seen it go and makes it the same price as the smaller screened Echo Spot. We've seen Amazon offer Voice Shopping exclusive deals in the past during Prime Day, so if you don't have an Alexa device, or want another, this is a no-brainer purchase.
If you've yet to try out Amazon's Music Unlimited service, you can get a four-month membership for just $0.99. That's right, all four months of unlimited access to all the music in the company's library (which is rather extensive) for just one dollar. Prefer to read books instead of listening to music? No worries, Amazon has three months of Kindle Unlimited available for $0.99 as well. This gets you access to over a million book titles, and you can read as many of them as your heart desires during that time frame.
You can also go all-in on a Kindle Unlimited subscription and save 40% when you check out with the coupon code PDKU18. This drops the one-year subscription down to $80.32 and the two-year subscription to $143.86. If you want to just buy a few books, you can get $10 towards any Kindle, print, or Audible book purchase when you buy any Kindle book for $5 or more before July 15.
Finally, Amazon is offering a free PC game each day through July 18 via Twitch Prime. There are popular titles like Pillars of Eternity, Q.U.B.E, Hue, and more. You'll also get exclusive in-game look for Warframe and PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, and if you're looking to load up on Twitch apparel, the merch is 50% off right now.
Of course, to take advantage of any of these offers you need to be an Amazon Prime member. If you aren't already, you can sign up for a free 30-day trial so you can access all these deals and save during the big event.
Have a call for entries you'd like to submit? Click here to fill out the form.
international exhibitions
November 10, 2017 entry deadline
Michigan, Detroit “On the Rocks: An Exhibition of Vessels For and Related to Drinking” (January 19–February 25, 2018) open to international artists 18 years and older. Original works made primarily of clay, must be for sale, functional and food safe and not exceed 18 inches. Juried from digital. Fee: $40 for up to 5 entries. Juror: Pete Pinnell. Contact Darlene Carroll, Pewabic Pottery, 10125 E. Jefferson Ave., Detroit, MI 48214; exhibitions@pewabic.com; www.callforentry.org/festivals_unique_info.php?ID=4573; 313-626-2091.
November 10, 2017 entry deadline
Montana, Missoula “International Cup 2018” (February 2–23, 2018) open to any ceramic work that explores the infinite possibilities of the idea of a cup. Size may not exceed 16 inches in any direction. Juried from digital. Fee: $25 for up to 2 entries. Juror: Sue Tirrell. Contact Shalene Valenzuela, The Clay Studio of Missoula, 1106 A Hawthorne St., Missoula, MT 59802; info@theclaystudioofmissoula.org; www.theclaystudioofmissoula.org/pages/juriedshows.html; 406-543-0509.
November 13, 2017 entry deadline
Minnesota, Hopkins “23rd Arts in Harmony 2018 Annual International Show” (February 15–March 16, 2018) open to all media. Submitted artwork cannot have been in previous Arts in Harmony shows. Artwork must be suitable for viewing by people of all ages. Juried from digital. Fee: $35 for two entries, additional entries for $5. Contact Maple Grove Arts Center, 11666 Fountains Drive, Maple Grove, MN 55369; www.maplegroveartscenter.org; 763-370-3003.
November 15, 2017 entry deadline
Texas, Houston “11th Annual International Texas Teapot Tournament” (January 1–28, 2018) open to clay artists 18 years old and older. $1000 Best of Show; $500 Second Place. Juried from digital. Fee: $45. Juror: June Woest, HCC Southwest College. Contact TEAplusART Gallery, 613 1/2 W. 19th St., Houston, TX 77008; teaplusart@gmail.com; 832-955-1767; http://teaplusart.com/ttt18.
November 17, 2017 entry deadline
Nevada, Las Vegas “the CUP show” (January 1–February 24, 2018) open to all artists 18 years of age or older. Work submitted must be original, must use clay as the primary material, must specify firing technique(s) and size, and must have been completed within the last 2 years. All cups must be functional and food safe. There will be a $200 award for best of show. Juried from digital. Fee: $35 for first three. Juror: Leilani Trinka, Peter Jakubowski. Contact Clay Arts Vegas, 1511 S Main St., Las Vegas, NV 89104; 4information@clayartsvegas.com; www.clayartsvegas.com; 702-375-4147.
November 30, 2017 entry deadline
Louisiana, New Orleans “Clay as Canvas” (January 5–27, 2018) open to artists making ceramic vessel-based and sculptural work produced within the last two years. An exhibition that celebrates the ceramic surface as a canvas for imagery, pattern, decoration, and commentary. Juried from digital. Fee: $30. Juror: Chandra DeBuse. Contact The Clay Center of New Orleans, 1001 S Broad St, Unit 116, New Orleans, LA 70125; info@nolaclay.org; www.nolaclay.org; 303-829-0519.
December 1, 2017 entry deadline
Slovenia, Ljubljana “IV. International Ceramics Triennial UNICUM 2018” (May 17–September 30, 2018) open to artists working in ceramics. Required application form, two photos of each ceramic artwork from different angles, and self-portrait. Work selected by February 16. No fee. Jurors: Barney Hare Duke, Martin Neubert, and Nadja Zgonik. Contact National Museum of Slovenia, UNICUM, Presernova cesta 20, 1000, Ljubljana, Slovanija; info@unicum.si; www.unicum.si; 386-1-2414400.
December 1, 2017 entry deadline
California, Roseville “By Hand” (January 19–March 3, 2018) open to all artists working in all media. Original work, size limited to fit through a doorway, and must be for sale. By Hand is an international biennial fine-craft competition. Handcrafted items for consideration include everything from pottery and sculpture to furniture, and jewelry boxes. Work selected by December 19. Fee: $40 for 3 entries. Juror: Brigitte Martin. Contact Blue Line Arts, 405 Vernon St. #100, Roseville, California; tony@bluelinearts.org; 916-783-4117.
December 2, 2017 entry deadline
California, Laguna Beach “Expressions” (January 4–27, 2018) open to all artists working in all media, works that stir the mind, shake the emotions, and fill the spirit with wonder. We do not have a limitation on sizes of work but have found works over 60 inches to be costly for shipping and recommend sizes that are manageable. No fee. Guest Artist: Dwayne Wilbert. Contact Las Laguna Gallery, 577 S. Coast Highway A-1, Laguna Beach, California 92651; laslagunagallery@gmail.com; 949-667-1803.
January 26, 2017 entry deadline
Nevada, Las Vegas “Thrown and Altered” (March 1–April 28, 2018) open to all artists working in clay. The pottery wheel is a powerful tool to create a vessel. But once thrown the artist's hand can turn that basic shape into a personal expression of the self. Join us in exploring the limits that an artist can push a wheel-thrown form by altering, from attachments to paddling, and texturing. Work must fit through a standard door, be under 50 pounds, and be at least 60% clay. There will be a $200 award for best of show. Jurors: Malcolm Mobutu Smith, Peter Jakubowski. Contact Clay Arts Vegas, 1511 S Main St., Las Vegas, NV 89104; 4information@clayartsvegas.com; 702-375-4147.
united states exhibitions
November 1, 2017 entry deadline
Wisconsin, Prairie du Sac “3rd Biennial Wings and Water” (January 18–March 9, 2018) open to clay artists over 18 years old and artwork that depicts their definition of wings and/or water. Examples of this may include works of birds, insects, fish, animals, rivers, etc. Limited to 6 submissions. Works must be original. All styles, media, and techniques accepted. Work may not exceed 5 feet. Works preferably should be for sale. Fee: $35 for 2 entries; additional entries $10 each. Juror: Graeme Reid. Contact River Arts, 590 Water St., Prairie du Sac, WI 53578; lgiese@riverartsinc.org; 608-643-5215; www.riverartsinc.org.
November 28, 2017 entry deadline
Georgia, Savannah “Sip: A Ceramic Cup Show” (February 23–March 2, 2018) open to clay artists over 18 years old. Artist may submit 1–3 original works, completed in the last two years. Must be made primarily from clay and 100% functional with food-safe glazes. Work may not exceed the dimensions of 6 inches (L), 6 inches (W), 8 inches (H). Works must be for sale. Fee: $20. Juror: Ben Carter. Contact Savannah Clay Community, 1305 Barnard St., Savannah, GA 31401; savannahclaycommunity@gmail.com; www.savannahclaycommunity.com; 724-549-1867.
January 22, 2018 entry deadline
Colorado, Denver “delecTABLE: The Fine Art of Dining–Fourth Biennial National Juried Functional Ceramic Exhibit” (April 6–May 18, 2018) open to clay artists over 18 years old. Artist may enter up to 5 digital images and 5 detail shots, completed in the last three years. Each piece or set may not exceed 30 inches in any dimension or 20 pounds in weight. Works must be for sale. Designated awards for select artworks up to $250. Fee: $30. Juror: Marty Fielding. Contact Art Students League of Denver, 200 Grant St., Denver, CO 80203; r.whatley@asld.org; 720-638-7236; www.asld.org.
regional exhibitions
November 1, 2017 entry deadline
California, Berkeley “2018 Juried Exhibition: Hózhó (Beauty and Harmony with Nature)” (March 2–May 29, 2018) open to artists 18 years of age or older, residing in the San Francisco Bay Area. All media will be considered, as long as all objects displayed for the duration of the exhibition are mounted to the wall. Wall-mounted objects must be between 24 inches and 72 inches wide and no more than 12 inches in height. Jurors: Zenobia Barlow, Ken Brower, Isabella Kirkland, Randy Rosenberg, and Apsara DiQuinzio. Contact David Brower Center, 2150 Allston Way, Suite 100, Berkeley, CA 94704; exhibitions@browercenter.org; www.browercenter.org.
November 6, 2017 entry deadline
California, Piedmont “5th Annual Juried Art Show at the Piedmont Center for the Arts” (January 12–February 11, 2018) open to artists residing/working in the Greater Bay Area including: Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, and Sonoma. All work must be original, completed within the last two years. Artists can submit a maximum of three images. Fee: $40. All works must be able to be hung on the wall and are limited to 48×36 inches and may not exceed 30 pounds. Jurors: Carin Adams and Jenny Gheith. Contact Piedmont Center for the Arts, 801 Magnolia Avenue, Piedmont, CA 94611; info@piedmontcenterforthearts.org; www.piedmontcenterforthearts.org.
December 15, 2017 entry deadline
Illinois, Peoria “6th Central Time Ceramics–Call For Entries” (March 1–April 13, 2018) open to all ceramic artists over the age of 18, who currently reside in the Central Time Zone. Artists who reside in areas of the US, Canada and Mexico within the Central Time Zone are eligible. All work must be original, completed within the last three years. Fee: $35–50. Juried from digital. Packaged and shipped artwork must not exceed 18 inches in any direction. Jurors: Gail Kendall. Contact Bradley University Galleries, 1501 W Bradley Ave, Peoria, IL 61625; exellefrow@bradley.edu; http://art.bradley.edu/bug/2017/08/6th-biennial-central-time-ceramics-call-for-entries; 309-677-2989.
fairs and festivals
December 15, 2017 entry deadline
Arkansas, Hot Springs “Art Springs 2018” (May 5–6, 2018) open to all artists 18 years or older. Artists must be in attendance for the duration of Art Springs. Artists must submit 4–6 images representative of the work they wish to exhibit and include a photo of their typical booth, if possible. Artists are responsible for their own tents, tables, chairs, displays, grounded extension cords and dollies/carts. Fee: $30; Booth: $100–200. Three booth awards: People's Choice, Artists' Choice, and HSACA Board Choice. Contact Ashley Campbell, Hot Springs Area Cultural Alliance, PO Box 21358, Hot Springs, Arkansas 71903; artsprings@hotspringarts.org; 501-622-7030.
Wayne Millard was found dead in his bed in November 2012 — a bullet lodged in his brain. The death of the 71-year-old wealthy businessman was initially ruled a suicide. Two years later, police charged his son, Dellen Millard, with first-degree murder.
Dellen Millard,the 32-year-old, who is serving two consecutive life sentences for two separate murders, has pleaded not guilty in the murder of his father, Wayne. ( THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The 32-year-old, who is serving two consecutive life sentences for two separate murders, has pleaded not guilty to the charge. As Dellen Millard's murder trial gets underway Thursday, family members say they're struggling to make sense of the ordeal. “I'm sick over all this,” said Peter Roberts, who remembered his cousin Wayne Millard as a generous, caring man.
Article Continued Below
Roberts recalled asking the elder Millard for help when his ailing mother wanted to spend her final days in her own home. His cousin paid nearly $100,000 for round-the-clock care for about a year, Roberts said. “It was such a delight to talk to him,” he said. “All of a sudden I have a guy to go to talk to, like a mentor. Then he's gone.” Wayne Millard was the owner of Millardair, an aviation company based near Waterloo, Ont., that he inherited from his father. According to court documents and pre-trial motions, it was Dellen Millard who found his father's body in the home the two shared in Toronto's west end on Nov. 29, 2012. He then called his mother, Madeleine Burns — his parents had separated in 1990 and divorced in 1996 — and told her Wayne Millard was dead, court documents show. Burns went to the house and then called 911, court documents show.
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online. Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
Article Continued Below
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator. Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance. Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury. Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death. The elder Millard loved aviation and animals. In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I. Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson. “He was very incensed about the seal hunt,” Watson said. “He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated.” Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair. “Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss,” Chadala said. “But he was also a rabble-rouser.” After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day. Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down. In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man. “His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly,” he wrote. “He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father.”
It's a childhood memory Anil Gupta will cherish forever: his father, the publicity designer C Mohan, poring over the logo designs for the 1975 classic Sholay with its director, Ramesh Sippy.
His father had worked out around 14 different approaches, Gupta remembers, but there was one in particular that stood out. This logo was narrow in the middle and flared out on all four corners, like a 70mm widescreen. It had that epic feel, but they decided it needed to look even more monumental, and cracks were added later to make the letters appear as if they were hewn out of stone.
Today, C Mohan's logo for Sippy's curry western is considered emblematic of the Bollywood style, instantly evoking the cinema of the 1970s in people's minds. However, Sholay was just one of the many films for which he created memorable images. As one of Hindi cinema's leading designers of the '60s and '70s, Mohan worked with many of the prominent production houses and directors of his time – Rajshri Productions, KA Abbas, Sunil Dutt and Manoj Kumar, to name a few – on films such as Geet Gaata Chal, Chitchor, Agent Vinod, Amar Prem, Andaz and Shaheed.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Chandramohan Gupta (to give him his full name) started out painting cinema banners at the age of 14 for the Jai Hind cinema in Kanpur. According to a couple of magazine profiles from the '80s, he left Kanpur shortly after his matriculation, travelling ticketless for 22 days to arrive in Mumbai. He knew no one there, and was forced to live on the streets, sharing a footpath with a blind beggar. The city had dozens of talented banner painters, and he soon discovered there wasn't much work for him. Not that he was looking for it particularly: like every story writer, spot boy and snake supplier in Bollywood, what he really wanted to be been an actor.
Photographer and writer Pradeep Chandra disputes these romanticised accounts: he remembers C Mohan as the absent-minded lad in his teens who came to his father, an assistant editor at the Navneet Hindi Digest, with a letter of introduction from a colleague in Allahabad. The boy was dispatched to work under the poster artist Ramkumar Sharma (then employed at Filmistan's art department), but had differences with him and quit after a couple of years to set up his own outfit, Naina Studio, in partnership with Chandra's brother, Shiv Chandra.
Working out of a converted outhouse in the family's Malad home, the two did publicity designs for such obscure films as Mr X (1957), Teesri Galli and Karigar (both 1958). Sixty years later, Chandra remembers cutting out their ads from the papers and pasting them into a scrapbook; he still has a scar on his finger from the Bharat blade he used for the task.
Chandra also remembers Mohan pitching for Bimal Roy's Madhumati (1958), producing many versions of a sketch of Vyjanthimala in Dilip Kumar's lap, but not being able to capture a likeness to Roy's satisfaction.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Eventually, the partnership broke up when Chandra's brother decided to take up work as an assistant director. Mohan may have had similar ambitions, according to his 1984 interview in Rasrang, but he set them aside to set up a solo outfit, working in spaces under stairs or on top of terraces till he eventually found a small room at Famous Studios in Mahalaxmi. Here, employing another artist, Nagraj Chari, he took on whatever work he could find – showcards, song booklets, litho posters, cut-colour separations for screen-printing.
Gradually, clients began to recognise his talent, especially his skills at line illustration. It was a matter of prestige at the time for producers to promote future releases with splashy full-page ads in the broadsheet trade paper Screen. These often featured pen-and-ink drawings, traced from production stills with much stippling and hatching. A typical image showed a heroine with windswept hair, each strand drawn separately to create a dense, intricate texture.
Mohan excelled in this kind of work and made it his specialisation in the '60s. His key influence here was an earlier illustrator, Faiz, whose line work and ornate Chughtai-style designs Mohan held in high regard: Anil Gupta remembers his father showing him a Faiz sketch of Prithviraj Kapoor in Mughal-e-Azam, declaring it to be the work of a true artist.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
During this period, Mohan also gained a reputation for his lettering and logo designs. Here, his approach was often conceptual, using the shape and the arrangement of the letters to communicate the theme of the film. One example is the logo for Aradhana (Worship, 1969), where the ascenders of the central letters fuse in a form that suggests the meaning of the title. The logo for Purab aur Paschim (East and West, 1970) places the word paschim lower than the rest of the text. Echoing the jingoistic lines declaimed by actor-director Manoj Kumar in the film, Mohan explained this was because “our culture is ascending, and theirs is declining. East should always be above West”.
Despite (or perhaps because of) this somewhat literal-minded approach, Mohan became one of Bollywood's most sought-after designers in the '70s. By now, he had set up a busy studio in Worli which employed several other publicity artists as well. Anil Gupta remembers the likes of GP Sippy, Shakti Samanta and Tarachand Barjatya dropping in to look at work in progress. A well-known tattoo artist in New York today, he learned how to draw at the Worli studio.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Gupta describes how he used to clamber up on a stool to paint the ground for large canvasses, and also served as an errand boy on occasion. Sent to fetch photographic prints from Ramesh Sippy's office in Khar, he would show off his treasures on the bus journey back to Worli, getting a kick out of the punters gaping in awe at blow-ups of Hema Malini and Dharmendra.
These very prints would end up featuring in some of Mohan's best-known images. He designed some 16 posters for Sholay and was paid Rs 42,000 for the job, according to the journalist Mohan Deep, who profiled him in Imprint in 1982. Anil Gupta remembers the bulk of the work being done on a tight deadline, his father slaving away to finish two to three artworks a day. Jai and Veeru, Basanti, Thakur Baldev Singh: the images he saw as an impressionable 14-year-old are still etched deeply in his mind.
Mixing photography and painted images, the Sholay designs reflect the pulp violence of the Angry Young Man years. By the '70s, Mumbai's publicity artists had evolved a visual style that can only be described as Bollywood Expressionism, applying lurid colours with palette knives or rough brushstrokes to photographs in order to crank up the emotional intensity of their images. Mohan's work exemplifies this style, seen at its best in a set of showcards he did for Sholay. Here, portraits of the lead actors merge into an overhang of orange flames, while the image of the widow played by Jaya Bhaduri is overlaid with a parched-earth pattern to suggest her barren life.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Having tasted success as a designer, Mohan ventured into film production in the '70s. It wasn't his first attempt: he had earlier thought of making a film called Aradhana, but the project had fallen apart and he ended up surrendering the title to Shakti Samanta. At the height of the Emergency, he launched a production company to make a film about Indira Gandhi's 20-point programme titled Naya Kadam. The film was never finished, and according to Gupta, its failure affected his father deeply. Though his studio survived into the '90s, Mohan was increasingly out of step with the times, as new technologies began to transform the publicity business radically. He passed away in 1996, at the cusp of the digital age.
Rajesh Devraj is the co-author of The Art of Bollywood (Taschen, 2010), a comprehensive guide to the poster art of Hindi cinema.
Uruguay v France: Laxalt backs daunting defence to deal with Mbappe
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 155 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:56 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Kylian Mbappe (L) leads France celebrations against Argentina
Diego Laxalt is confident Uruguay are strong enough as a defensive unit to deal with France forward Kylian Mbappe in Friday's World Cup quarter-final.
Mbappe scored twice in a standout display in the 4-3 win over Argentina in the last 16, helping Didier Deschamps' side reach the last eight for the third time in the past four World Cup finals.
The 19-year-old's performance, coupled with France's general strength in depth in attack, makes them favourites to overcome Oscar Tabarez's team in Nizhny Novgorod, even though Uruguay have lost only one of the last eight meetings.
The Euro 2016 finalists are unbeaten in nine World Cup games against South American opponents, keeping clean sheets in seven of those, and the spirited win over Argentina showcased the formidable strength they have going forward.
With Edinson Cavani unlikely to be fully fit for the game, having suffered a muscle injury in the 2-1 win over Portugal, Uruguay's chances appear to be growing slimmer.
However, Uruguay have won seven matches in a row and conceded only once in that time, and Laxalt is confident they can use that defensive solidity to see off France, even if only one half of the fearsome forward partnership of Cavani and Luis Suarez is available.
12 - Luis Suárez has now provided the assist for 12 of Edinson Cavani's 44 goals for Uruguay (27%). Partners. (via @OptaJavier).#URUPOR #URU #WorldCup pic.twitter.com/QlSS7CEFO9 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) June 30, 2018
"We'll have to do a perfect job defensively as their forwards are very good," he said. "We have to start from the defensive strength we showed against Portugal and also in the group stage, then we have to follow the guidance of El Maestro [Tabarez] for this match.
"Obviously, we should give Mbappe the least space possible, so he cannot make the most of this speed. But I think that defending en masse, as we have been doing until now, will make it tough for them."
Blaise Matuidi is rather hoping old Paris Saint-Germain team-mate Cavani will not be ready, although he does not think Uruguay should be taken lightly even if the forward is not available.
The midfielder, who is banned for Friday's game, told a news conference: "I've known Edinson for quite a long time. I know him well enough to tell you that he's a very generous player who never gives up. I'm sure that he'll do everything in his power until the very last moment to be on the pitch.
"Obviously, Uruguay are not the same without Cavani. We all know his qualities because he's a great striker. He showcased it well during this World Cup. But other players are able to replace him, that's for sure."
Les Bleus se sont préparés à huis clos à quelques jours du 1/4 de finale de la Coupe du Monde contre l'Uruguay ! Voici les images du début de l'entraînement #FiersdetreBleus pic.twitter.com/bYZH0B6tcR — Equipe de France (@equipedefrance) July 3, 2018
PLAYERS TO WATCH
Uruguay – Diego Laxalt
Laxalt has been an unsung star of this World Cup, particularly against Portugal, when he made more tackles and interceptions (nine overall) than any other Uruguay player. He will be key to stopping Mbappe down France's right wing.
France – Kylian Mbappe
It had to be, right? Mbappe was devastating against Argentina and looks like France's most lethal weapon at the moment. This Uruguay defence, marshalled by Diego Godin, will be a serious test of his powers.
KEY OPTA STATS
- This is Uruguay's first appearance in the quarter-final of the World Cup since 2010, when they beat Ghana 4-2 on penalties following a 1-1 draw.
- France have progressed on four of the last five occasions they have reached the quarter-final stage, with the only exception being a 0-1 defeat against Germany in 2014.
- France forward Kylian Mbappe has had five shots at the 2018 World Cup, with all five going on target and three of them ending up as goals.
- Team-mate Antoine Griezmann has scored six goals in his last five appearances in the knockout stages of major tournaments (World Cup and European Championships).
- Each of Uruguay's last three goals in the 2018 World Cup have been scored by Edinson Cavani.
A group calling itself Citizens for Justice and Accountability (CJA) has served notice it will petition the Special Prosecutor Martin Alamisi Burns Kaiser Amidu to investigate and prosecute former appointees of National Democratic Congress (NDC) who allegedly took double salaries.
The group said: “We found the involvement of the minority leader and some key members of the minority NDC quite disheartening. There seems to be a growing sense of impunity in respect of corruption in this country.”
It has emerged that some 19 National Democratic Congress (NDC) Members of Parliament who were Ministers under the erstwhile John Mahama administration took double salaries and are currently being investigated by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) of the Ghana Police Service.
They have subsequently been charged with stealing and are to reappear before the CID on 14 May a development that has incurred the wrath of a section of Ghanaians who are accusing the former appointees of being corrupt
In a statement, however, the group which took exception to the conduct of the former Ministers said they would take the necessary steps to ensure that such acts aimed at plundering state resources is stopped.
“To end this impunity, citizens must resort to the law to deal with the blatant plunder of public resources. The minority has so far admitted to receiving a double salary under former President Mahama. This admission establishes a prima facie case of wrongdoing.
“We have noted the strenuous attempt to bury this shameful stealing of public resources because the alleged thieves are “Honorable Members”. If it was a case of an accountant in the public or civil service, he/she would have been dealt with according to the criminal laws of Ghana. If it was a hawker on the streets of Accra he would have been arrested immediately, denied bail and prosecuted with the speed of light and convicted harshly,” the group said in their statement.
Read Text of their full statement below ;
We are citizens of Ghana. We are enjoined by the Constitution and other laws of Ghana to demand accountability from those who exercise the powers of the State on our behalf. We are further invited by the laws of Ghana to report the commission of the crime to law enforcement agencies.
We are outraged by the news that some Members of Parliament and former ministers for 8 years in Government, under President Mahama, took double salary contrary to the terms of their engagement and the laws of Ghana.
We found the involvement of the minority leader and some key members of the minority NDC quite disheartening. There seems to be a growing sense of impunity in respect of corruption in this country.
To end this impunity, citizens must resort to the law to deal with the blatant plunder of public resources. The minority has so far admitted to receiving the double salary under former President Mahama. This admission establishes a prima facie case of wrongdoing.
We have noted the strenuous attempt to bury this shameful stealing of public resources because the alleged thieves are “Honorable Members”. If it was a case of an accountant in the public or civil service, he/she would have been dealt with according to the criminal laws of Ghana. If it was a hawker on the streets of Accra he would have been arrested immediately, denied bail and prosecuted with the speed of light and convicted harshly.
In this matter, we have decided to respond to the invitation by our laws in respect of crimes, particularly, the Special Prosecutor Act, by taking up this broad-daylight stealing of public money by some members of parliament.
We would, therefore, submit a written petition to the Special Prosecutor as required in section 26(1) of the Act establishing the Office of Special Prosecutor.
The gravamen of our petition would be that:
The Special Prosecutor investigate allegations that some Members of Parliament received double salaries for years without notifying or returning same to the appropriate agencies of State. That if the allegations are found to be true, the Special Prosecutor shall initiate criminal prosecutions against these individuals. That in addition to the prosecution, the Special Prosecutor shall take steps to cause the refund of all salaries received unlawfully by some minority MPs.
It is our hope that the good people of Ghana would support us in this fight so as to restore confidence in our democracy.
Ato Sam-Ghartey
Convener
Dennis Obeng Agyei
Ahmed Baba -Nah
Simon Suayam
Source:MyNewsGH.com
The death has occurred of Professor Michael A Hayes, President of Mary Immaculate College, who passed away on Saturday following an illness.
Michael Hayes was born in Limerick, Ireland in 1957. His post-primary education took place at St Munchin's College in Limerick and he went on to study at St Patrick's Pontifical College in Maynooth, before moving to the United Kingdom, where he lived and worked from 1980 to 2011. He was a priest of the Archdiocese of Southwark in South East England.
He took up the post of President of Mary Immaculate College, Limerick in October 2011. He was an internationally respected academic in the field of Pastoral Theology; he was particularly interested in the relationship between faith and praxis. He was also a qualified Psychotherapist and studied at the London Institute of Psychosynthesis. He held a BD from the Pontifical University of Maynooth, an MA from the University of London, and a PhD from the University of Surrey. In May 2013, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters (L.H.D) from De Sales University, Pennsylvania. He was the editor of The Pastoral Review, an international journal which is published in London by The Tablet.
Prior to his appointment at Mary Immaculate College, he worked in pastoral ministry in the Archdiocese of Southwark, and later taught in the Department of Theology and Religious Studies at Roehampton University. He became Vice-Principal and Professor of Catholic Pastoral Studies at St. Mary's University College, Strawberry Hill in Twickenham, London, where he had also been Head of the Department of Theology and Religious Studies, as well as the founding Head of the School of Theology, Philosophy, and History.
During the period of his presidency of Mary Immaculate College, Professor Hayes contributed greatly to the development of the College including the incorporation of St. Patrick's College into MIC, the opening of the Lime Tree Theatre, a growth in student numbers to almost 5,000 students, the acquisition and development of the Mount St. Vincent Campus, now known as the John Henry Newman Campus, and the development of the Library Masterplan, which was recently granted planning permission by Limerick City and County Council.
Continue reading below...
Acting President of Mary Immaculate College, Professor Eugene Wall, paid tribute to Professor Hayes stating: “Since becoming President almost six years ago, Michael worked relentlessly and with compelling conviction to lead the College with clear-sighted vision through a difficult era for higher education. He was an enthusiastic and passionate champion of the College's role in the Irish educational landscape and he possessed an unwavering belief that student wellbeing should be a mainstay of the College's mission. He spoke earnestly and eloquently of his hope that the enduring contribution of the College would be to contribute to the flourishing of our students' lives. Michael's untimely death has come as an enormous shock to the College community and his guiding hand will be sadly missed.”
Bishop Brendan Leahy, Chairperson of the Trustees and Governing Authority, expressed his sorrow at the death of Professor Hayes as well as his appreciation for the enormous impact he made as College President: “I was always struck by the untiring zeal with which Michael approached his role as President. With a deep conviction that Catholic Education has to do with the full flourishing of the human person in this life and the next, Michael gave himself more than 100% to the advancement of the College on so many levels.
“Any time he updated the Trustees and the Governing Board of the College, he spoke so warmly and with pride of the achievements of staff and students. Even in recent weeks, he was so clearly delighted that the College team had for a second time in a row won the Fitzgibbon Cup! Keeping before us all the high ideals that he believed the College's history and mission proposed, Michael certainly played a key role in ensuing Mary Immaculate College is today not only the largest Catholic third level college in the country but well acclaimed for its significant role in the Irish academic and educational landscape. A man with a large cluster of talents and competencies, he befriended many with kind words of wisdom, clarity and wit. His loss will be deeply felt.
“He faced his illness with admirable calm and trust in God's providence. No doubt, when the moment of death came for Michael, it was a handing over of his life to the One who can do so much more than we can imagine. With that hope, we pray for Michael and trust he will continue to contribute to the College that he served so generously.”
Professor Hayes is survived by his sisters Elizabeth (Griffin), Deborah (O'Neill), Marjorie (O'Malley), Bredette (Keane), Marie-Therese (Foley), and brother David (Aidan).
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: Education, Local News, News
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided him with a platform to merge his best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in his role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
Authorities say four pets have died following an apartment fire in southern Michigan that prompted an evacuation of the multi-story building.
No people were reported injured in the Sunday night fire at Abbey Villas Apartments in Jackson, but residents of the affected unit were displaced.
Jackson firefighter Joe Smith told the Jackson Citizen Patriot that crews were able to control and isolate the blaze, sparing about 40 other units. WSYM-TV reports the fire in the four-story building apparently started in a kitchen area of a third-floor apartment.
Firefighters evacuated the building and went through floor-by-floor. Smith says two cats and two dogs died in the fire. The cause is under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kylian Mbappe has celebrated an incredible season....with a brave new haircut.
The French teenager enjoyed a fine campaign with Monaco , scoring a staggering 26 goals for the Ligue 1 champions.
Mbappe also earned a senior call-up to Didier Deschamps' squad and started against England on Tuesday night.
Arsenal and Real Madrid are both keen on the striker, who has admitted he has a decision to make this summer.
But before that, Mbappe is enjoying a holiday and showed off his new locks on social media alongside adopted brother Jires Kembo Ekoko.
The teenager also took part in a coaching session with local disabled charity Premiers de Cordee.
The session took place at the Clinique Edouard Rist with the youngsters clearly delighted to meet Mbappe.
Speaking after France's 3-2 win over England, Mbappe admitted he will sort through any offers this summer.
The striker went on to admit Real had been trying to sign him since he was 14.
"We're going to go away with the family and we'll think about what's going to happen," Mbappe said.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We have to sort it out, see what happens with the club too, because I'm under contract with a club, I'm not free. We'll see what's happening.
"Real Madrid?" he added. "They have been trying to recruit me since I was 14."
QUEBEC—A forensic psychiatrist hired by Alexandre Bissonnette's lawyers says he didn't think they could successfully mount a defence of not criminally responsible for their client.
Sylvain Faucher met with Bissonnette twice in 2017 to determine whether such a defence would be possible.
He concluded it wouldn't be because the man who killed six worshippers in a Quebec City mosque in January of that year understood his acts and was capable of knowing if they were good or bad.
Faucher said Bissonnette's mental state wasn't altered in any major way.
The psychiatrist was testifying today at Bissonnette's sentencing arguments in a Quebec City courtroom.
Amy Winehouse's father wants her life to be turned into a musical.
The 'Valerie' hitmaker tragically died from accidental alcohol poisoning in July 2011 at the age of just 27 and, although there's already been a movie simply called 'Amy' based on her childhood, journey to success and passing, her dad Mitch would like to see some of her music hits used for an energetic stage production in the future.
Speaking exclusively to BANG Showbiz at the Amy Winehouse Foundation Gala, held at London's The Dorchester, on Thursday (10.05.17), Mitch said: "Yes, I would like to see a musical on her life. It is a great story to be told.
"Some of the documentaries that have come out before haven't even touched the surface. There is so much more of Amy for people to see and it is our job to make sure that people see what Amy was really like."
Asif Kapadia's documentary 'Amy' won the Academy Award for best documentary feature film at the Oscars last year and received two BAFTA nominations, but Mitch branded the film a "disgrace" because he believes it portrays him as greedy.
And his anger led to him deciding to make his own movie on his legendary daughter but he has admitted it's still a long way off being finished and ready for release.
He explained: "It is still in development but hopefully there will be more news soon."
Mitch still thinks about Amy "every day" and is devastated that she's no longer around but he's convinced she'd be proud of the Amy Winehouse Foundation, which works to prevent the effects of drug and alcohol misuse on young people, founded in 2011.
He said: "She is our daughter and we think about her every day. Obviously what happened was a terrible tragedy. The Foundation and music and the work we have done over the last six years encouraged by Amy is her lasting legacy."
White House Launches Effort To Take Citizenship From Those Who Lied To Get It When an immigrant becomes a naturalized U.S. citizen, there's a sense of permanence. But a Trump administration effort is seeking those who cheated to get citizenship, and plans to take it from them.
Southeast Asia is now the world's third largest region for internet users — with more people online than the entire U.S. population — and internet is having a bigger impact on the region than originally thought, according to a new report co-authored by Google.
China and India typically dominate the conversation when looking at emerging economies in Asia, but Southeast Asia is rapidly being acknowledged as a market where the internet is changing daily behaviors and creating new opportunities. A lack of data has traditionally made it difficult to pinpoint that potential but Google and Singaporean sovereign fund Temasek today released an update to their highly-referenced 2015 ‘e-Conomy SEA' report — the main takeaway is that growth has exceeded their initial expectations.
The original report forecast Southeast Asia's internet economy hitting $200 billion per year by 2025, but now it is estimated that it will top that number, reaching $50 billion in 2017 alone.
Online travel remains the biggest segment for internet-based spending — jumping to $26.6 billion in 2017 from $19.1 billion in 2015 — but e-commerce and ride-hailing saw the highest growth.
E-commerce, and this does not include second-hand/consumer-to-consumer sales, grew at a compound annual rate of 41 percent to cross $10 billion for the first time in 2017. The e-Conomy SEA project expects it will go on to hit $88 billion by 2025 to become the most lucrative segment.
Uber and Grab are battling it out in Southeast Asia's ride-sharing market, while local unicorn Go-Jek has plans to expand beyond Indonesia, and that competition is reflected in the report's newest findings.
It concluded that total spends on the taxi apps has more than doubled over the two years to cross $5 billion in 2017. The ride-hailing industry is expected to develop further still and reach $20 billion by 2025, that's up from an original estimate of $13 billion in the first report.
Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is likely to account for the majority of that, with the 2015 research pegging its share of revenue at more than 40 percent.
Going into more depth, the study estimated that the number of passengers using ride-hailing apps daily has more than quadrupled since the first study in 2015, while driver numbers are also up 4X.
Here are other nuggets from the report as gleaned by Google:
3.6 hours on the mobile internet every day. Southeast Asians spend more time on the mobile internet than anyone else on the planet. Thailand is top of the list with 4.2 hours per day, with Indonesia a close second at 3.9 hours per day. To compare, the U.S. spends 2 hours per day, the U.K. 1.8 hours per day, and Japan 1 hour per day on mobile internet.
140 minutes shopping online every month. Southeast Asians spend almost twice as much time as Americans in e-commerce marketplaces. The region will have an $88.1 billion e-commerce market by 2025.
6 million rides booked through ride-hailing platforms every day. The ride-hailing market in Southeast Asia has grown four-fold since 2015 and will be $20.1 billion by 2025.
More than $12 billion raised by Southeast Asian startups since 2016. At 0.18 percent of GDP, the amount of investment into Southeast Asian startups is on par with India's and a vote of confidence in Southeast Asia's huge internet potential.
Full details of the study can be found here.
Featured Image: KYTan/Shutterstock
At long last, the work to dredge Albert Lea's Fountain Lake is about to get underway. Officials have set a date and a route to dump lake sediment.
The Shell Rock River Watershed District Board met Wednesday afternoon to settle the route that will be used to transfer sediment from the lake to the Confined Disposal Facility. The transfer begins on August 15.
The District Administrator says they also talked about a timeline for the bidding process, the 'best value bid,' what goes into it and how it will work.
They discussed the price per cubic yard for bidding and who would be on the committee to examine the bids.
Their next workshop on this will be on June 28.
A bad Google app update has caused the Assistant to stop working for some users.
Among the wearables competition, Android Wear has a few things going for it. There are a plethora of unique options from super rugged watches to dressier options. Another advantage is the seamless integration with Android smartphones and the ability to access Google Assistant on your wrist. At least, in theory.
Android Police is reporting that following a recent Google app update, Google Assistant on Android Wear devices can't do anything except return basic web searches. Given how integral Google Assistant is with many of the actions on Android Wear, this severely limits the potential for affected devices. No sending messages, controlling your home, setting timers, or anything else beyond basic web searches.
According to Google's Product Forums, the company is currently collecting feedback and bugs from affected users. If your watch has been having this issue, it may be worth letting Google know so they can work on the fix.
Is your watch crippled by the latest update? Let us know down below!
Learn more about Android Wear
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
© elenaleonova / Getty Images
"help explain why the US suicide rate is up to 43,000 people each year."
"shortages in professional help, increased costs of care not covered by insurance, the great recession, and other reasons worthy of further investigation."
"Our study supports health policies designed to incorporate mental health services and screenings into every physician's practice through the use of electronic medical records, and by providing training for all health care professionals, as well as the right resources for patients,"
More Americans are suffering from serious psychological distress than in the past decades, according to a new study. But as the demand for mental healthcare becomes greater, such services are actually deteriorating.Scientists from New York University's Langone Medical Center analyzed adults aged 18 to 64 from the 2006-2014 National Health Interview Survey. They were examined on 11 indicators, including insufficient money for mental healthcare and having seen a mental health provider.The research was published in the journal Psychiatric Services on Monday.That number is significant, as it represents a rise from previous survey estimates, which put the number of Americans suffering from SPD at 3 percent or less.Despite the apparent rise in SPD sufferers, however, healthcare access to address the condition was found to have decreased over the course of the analyzed surveys.Those who actually received access to a professional and were prescribed medication found themselves increasingly unable to pay for their prescriptions. Almost 10 percent could not pay in 2014, compared to 8.7 percent in 2006.The diminishing access took place despite the 2008 Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and the 2010 Affordable Care Act (ACA) including provisions to help reduce insurance coverage disparities for those with mental health issues, Weissman noted.Although the study does not give reasons why such services are diminishing, Weissman said it could be fromWeissman said she and her team will next be detailing how underdiagnosis of SPD impacts physician practices and encourages overuse of other healthcare services.Meanwhile, senior study investigator and NYU Langone clinical professor Cheryl Pegus has encouraged physicians to play a larger role in screening people and detecting signs of SPD and potential suicide.she said.
Democratic senatorial candidate Doug Jones speaks during a campaign rally Dec. 10, 2017, in Birmingham, Ala. (Photo: Brynn Anderson / AP)
Huntsville, Ala. — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2B9rrSC
Hilton Cartwright and Peter Handscomb have shared a 174-run stand during an intra-squad match involving Australia's Test stars in Darwin.
Hilton Cartwright has given skipper Steve Smith a timely reminder of his batting talent, hammering 81 during an intra-squad match in Darwin.
Cartwright scored 37 on Test debut at the SCG earlier this year.
The allrounder was dropped for the ensuing Test tour of India but remains in the mix to return to the XI during this month's two-Test series in Bangladesh.
Cartwright and Glenn Maxwell's battle for the No.6 spot appears the only major conundrum for selectors ahead of the first Test that starts in Dhaka on August 27.
Smith and selectors will be keen to see how much Cartwright, whose first-class bowling average is 44, has worked on his medium-pacers.
But there is no doubting the 25-year-old's potential with the willow, with Monday the latest example.
Cartwright and Peter Handscomb, who scored 105, were the standout performers on day one of the three-day clash involving Australia's 14-man Test squad.
Josh Hazlewood, Chris Tremain, Mitchell Swepson, Marcus Stoinis and Maxwell all failed to break the 174-run stand between Cartwright and Handscomb.
"He looked really good today," Handscomb said of Cartwright.
"He showed good signs in Sydney... then out here he looked really solid again.
"If that's something he can continue doing for Australia, then I don't see any reason why he can't have a good (international) career."
Smith's part-time legspin accounted for both Handscomb and Cartwright, who helped David Warner's XI post 6(dec)-360.
"I thought I'd keep him happy by making sure he got a couple of wickets. Keep the skipper happy, you make sure you're in for the next game," Handscomb joked.
"Spending time out in the middle is awesome preparation for any tour but especially up here in Darwin on a wicket that is hopefully something similar to what we'll get in Bangladesh.
"The next few days are going to be really tough to bat, which is exactly the sort of preparation we want."
Warner was bowled for four but Handscomb noted Hazlewood dismissed the national vice-captain with a "ball that basically rolled".
Smith's XI were 2-32 in reply at stumps, with Matt Renshaw and Usman Khawaja both falling cheaply.
Average is difficult to define. Most of us believe we are above average at everyday tasks like driving. But math says many of us are wrong since only half of us can truly be better than average.
That same math tells us something important about investors: Half of investors must attain results that are below average.
The problem we face knows what average is. Well, the index designed to capture what the average investment portfolio earns is the Value Line Geometric Index (VLG).
This index is equal-weighted, which avoids the problems of weighting we see in other indexes. For example, the S&P 500 assigns more weight to stocks that perform the best, and doesn't show what an average investor is really doing.
As the chart below shows, VLG, the average investor index, is just now breaking above its 1998 highs.
This means many investors have missed out on the gains since 2009.
That might seem hard to believe, but it's true. Many investors sell stocks in bear markets. Then they are concerned about another bear market. This means they are late to reinvest.
But, slowly, the bull market proves it's real. That often fuels a large rally in stocks as latecomers rush in. (For more of Mike's thoughts on the market, click here to watch his video.)
That rally comes when experts are telling us the bull market is about to end. Eventually, it does. But before it does, the rally can deliver large gains.
That's where we are now. VLG shows we are just breaking out to new all-time highs, almost 20 years after the average first set a record.
Now that investors are feeling wealthy again, like they did in the 1990s, the market is almost set to crash. But, first, it is set to move sharply higher. Don't miss out on these gains because you're worried about a bear market.
Regards,
Michael Carr, CMT
Editor, Peak Velocity Trader
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
McLaren Senna Enlarge Photo
The next generation of Ford's Focus Sedan has been spotted, and the car is almost completely devoid of camouflage gear. That means the reveal must be coming up very soon.
McLaren over the weekend showed the latest addition to its flagship Ultimate Series range. The car is called the Senna, and it's a bare-knuckled track car that you can also drive on the streets.
Volkswagen will finally renew its aging Jetta next year. We've just spent some time with a prototype and so far are quite pleased with what we've experienced.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
2019 Ford Focus Sedan spy shots
New McLaren Senna unleashed, lightest hypercar in automaker's "Ultimate" stable
2019 Volkswagen Jetta prototype first drive: stress relief
Oregon cedes freedom of speech case against red light camera critic
W Motors' 780-horsepower Fenyr Supersport ready for launch
Lithium-ion battery packs now $209 per kwh, will fall to $100 by 2025: Bloomberg analysis
New Bullitt Ford Mustang confirmed in the latest leaked shots
2018 Nissan Leaf review
2019 Audi A6 spy shots and video
These 6 states have the highest electric-car adoption rates in the country
After Election Landslide, It's Putin's Russia (More Than Ever)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR Jolie Myers/NPR
Vladimir Putin won re-election with a landslide victory: 76 percent of the vote. That win puts him on track to rule until 2024 — nearly a quarter century in power, second only to Stalin as far as Kremlin leaders go.
What does another six years mean for Russia?
"Given the fact that this time should be his final term, I think his mission can be formulated as: to guarantee that the system he's erected, which brought Russia back to the world stage as a significant player after a pretty big demise in [the] 1990s ... will survive him," veteran journalist Fyodor Lukyanov told NPR's All Things Considered in Moscow on Monday.
Lukyanov is editor-in-chief of the foreign policy journal Russia in Global Affairs.
These excerpts have been lightly edited for clarity.
Interview Highlights
On what this victory means for Putin and his mission
To believe that an authoritarian ruler is just a cynical manipulator, it's not fair. And I think Putin is not that kind of person. He believes in his particular mission, and he believes in his connection to people. ...
If he [believed] that this system cannot exist without him, that will be perceived by him as a defeat.
This system is closely connected not to the president of the Russian Federation, but to the president whose name is Vladimir Putin.
Putin ... embodied what Russian people wanted to see after a very turbulent period of the collapse of the Soviet Union. But the [flip side] of this is that the legitimacy of the whole system is actually equal to his personal legitimacy. ...
He cannot just go and put in a successor ... because this place is suited for him. No person after him will have his kind of relationship to the Russian nation. This person will have to develop his own way, but to do this he will need time, and to guarantee that during this time the system will not collapse, he will need some institutional changes as well.
toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR
On a message of stability, despite chaotic international relations
The question is, to what extent do people in Russia feel "hurt" by, for example, expulsion of Russian diplomats from Britain, or new sanctions imposed by the U.S.? ... It doesn't touch [the average Russian]. ...
If you compare the narrative now and, say, 10 years ago – the Russian discussion was much less homogeneous, and those who claimed that Russia was to blame were not the majority, of course, but a significant minority. Now ... you hear voices in support to the Western position, but very few.
On Russians' faith in Kremlin denials of wrongdoing
When I followed the [2016 presidential] campaign in the United States, I was pretty shocked. Because previously I believed that paranoia is a Russian business. So I'm afraid that we are in big trouble for one simple reason: because all the major actors have such huge domestic problems, that foreign policy issues are becoming, everywhere — Russia, China, U.S., Britain, Germany — a means to address this. And this is terrible.
Freelance journalist Anna Shpakova contributed to this report.
HONOLULU (AP) — His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with just two-and-a-half weeks left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The Easter Bunny will be in the Children's Department at Barnes and Noble for photos at the
Promenade Shops – March 24, 25, and 31 from 12 – 4 pm.
Round up all the kids and bring your own camera as there will not be a photographer at the shops.For more information, contact Lucy Skrobacz, 970-461-1285, lucys@poagllc.com
Advertisement
The Cabell County Sheriff's Department said a mother and child are dead and a second child was injured in a shooting.
Sheriff Chuck Zerkle said it happened about 1:15 p.m. Friday in the 2400 block of Benedict Road in Culloden. Zerkle said it was a domestic situation. Zerkle said the mother and a 5-year old girl were killed and a 7-year old boy is in surgery following the shooting. The sheriff said authorities are still investigating, but they believe the shooter is dead.
Related
Comments
comments
‘Persons of Interest' sought in theft of Wi-Fi equipment from Orangeburg Walmart
1/2 'Persons of Interest' sought in theft at Orangeburg Walmart/OCSO
2/2 'Persons of Interest' sought in theft at Orangeburg Walmart/OCSO
ORANGEBURG, SC (WOLO) – Deputies with the Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office need the public's help identifying three persons of interest after nearly $2,000 worth of electronics were stolen from an area Walmart.
According to investigators, employees were conducting an inventory check on Sept. 24 at the North Road store when they discovered that Wi-Fi routers and other electronic equipment was missing.
Deputies say surveillance video captured a suspect placing the missing items into a shopping cart before pushing the cart out of the store.
If anyone recognizes the individuals shown or the vehicle believed to have been driven by the persons of interest, they are asked to call the OCSO at 803-534-3550 or contact CRIMESTOPPERS in any of the following ways: call 888-CRIME-SC (888-274-6372).
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
Published:
Former Abia State governor Orji Kalu has told a Federal High Court in Lagos that he had no case to answer over alleged fraud charges brought against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.
Recall that the former governor is being prosecuted alongside his company, Slok Nigeria Limited; and a former Director of Finance and Account at the Abia State Government House, Ude Udeogu for alleged fraud.
According to the charges by the EFCC, while serving as governor of Abia State, Kalu siphoned over N2.9bn from the state's treasury.
However, Kalu's lawyer Awa Kalu (SAN), at the resumed hearing on Wednesday, told Justice Mohammed Idris that he had filed a motion for no-case submission on behalf of his client, stating that the ex-governor had no case to answer with regard to the charges.
"A motion for no-case submission was filed on behalf of the 1st defendant on May 28 and it has been served on the prosecution,” Kalu added.
The other defence counsel, Chief Solo Akuma (SAN), and K. C. Nwofo (SAN), also informed the court that they had filed no-case submissions on behalf of the other defendants.
On his part, the EFCC's counsel Adebisi Adeniyi, had drawn the court's attention to an amended charge filed by the anti-graft agency before the commencement of proceedings.
"We did inform the court at the last adjourned date that we wanted to file an amended charge. "We have filed the amended charge this morning. We were also served with the defendants' motion for no-case submission,” Adeniyi said.
Share This
Paatni designs stuff that looks like it was designed for actual katana-wielding ninjas. But for now, Bollywood cleans his racks up smoothly, right from Shahid Kapoor to Sushant Singh Rajput. However, when the tables turn, he does not pass up on the opportunity to dig into his closet. In addition to the suede + patent leather sneakers among others from his own collection, Paatni also seems like an Adidas fanboy. Can you blame him?
The surveillance footage from Houston Bush Intercontinental Airport showed Ronald Tigner, a frequent flyer, retired civil lawyer and grandfather, approaching two United employees. At this point, one of the employees violently shoves Tigner to the ground.
"This is just one of the most inhumane things I've ever seen in my life," Tigner's attorney William Hoke said to local outlet KPRC 2. In the video, Tigner lies motionless after hitting the ground, and neither of the United employees pay him any mind.
© AP Photo/ Scott Mayerowitz, File African-American First-Class Passenger Claims Airline Sent Her to Back of Plane
Hoke claims that Tigner hit his head and was knocked unconscious. "He lies there lifeless for minutes. Not one employee comes to check on him. No one even went to check his pulse," Hoke said. "They literally left him there like a piece of garbage."
The only person who approached Tigner and tried to help him was a passenger who checked on Tigner while the United employees looked on. "It was a good Samaritan, who was a nurse that was catching a flight, ran over and said, 'Please, God. Someone calls 911,'" Hoke said.
A United worker did call 911, but he neglected to mention that Tigner was pushed down or unconscious, according to a recording of the conversation. Tigner was taken to a local medical facility. He claims to still suffer from concussion-like symptoms.
© AFP 2017/ KAREN BLEIER WATCH: Get Off My Plane! Melee Breaks Out on Southwest Airlines Flight
United issued a statement on the Tigner footage, albeit about two years after the fact: "We have seen the video from 2015 that shows completely unacceptable behavior by a United employee. This employee is no longer with our company. The conduct shown here does not reflect our values or our commitment to treat all of our customers with respect and dignity. We are taking a thorough look into what happened here and reaching out to our customer to profusely apologize for what occurred and to make this right."
Tigner is suing United Airlines, the man who pushed him Alejandro Anastasia, and Ianthe Phillips-Allred, the other United employee that Anastasia was talking to at the time. Tigner claims that all he did was ask Anastasia for a new boarding pass, because the one he had was garbled. Tigner had tried to go through the security checkpoint with the pass, but the TSA turned him away because they couldn't read it.
"Anastasia was looking at Mr. Tigner and started smiling and said, 'Can't you see we're busy?' and there's no one in the vicinity of these two employees," Hoke said. "And he tells Anastasia to wipe that smile off his face. That's when Anastasia says, 'I'll kick your (expletives)' and shoves Tigner to the ground."
© REUTERS/ Louis Nastro/File Photo FAA Proposes Fining United Airlines $435,000 for Unsafe Flights in 2014
Anastasia was charged with a felony: injury to an elderly individual. The court ordered him to pay a fine, write a letter of apology and attend anger-management classes.
"We want people to come forward who've been treated just like Mr. Tigner and like Dr. Dao, any of the other people who've flown United and been treated this way, because this has to stop," Hoke said, in reference to the April incident when 69-year-old passenger David Dao was injured when United Airlines violently removed him from a flight.
The Dao incident sparked a wave of scrutiny into the conduct of major airlines, with many incidents coming to light of passengers complaining of dehumanizing or cruel behavior. Earlier in June, a classical violinist complained that United employees refused to allow her to board the plane with her extremely valuable violin in her carry-on, which led to a scuffle with an employee which nearly injured her hands.
America's Cup - Images from Oracle Team USA AC50 unveiling in Bermuda
Oracle Team USA - new America's Cup Class boat - Unveiling - Bermuda, February 14, 2017 © BMW / Carlo Borlenghi Oracle Team USA - new America's Cup Class boat - Unveiling - Bermuda, February 14, 2017 © BMW / Carlo Borlenghi
by Carlo Borlenghi today at 11:59 amThe AC50 was revealed for the first time, but was not launched or sailed.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151776
On sale today! We received a very large response from the users of fans and fighting game fans in Japan and overseas, the fastest "Dragon Ball" game series, the total number of shipments worldwide (including the download version) We've achieved ancient! #DBFZ
Earlier this week Bandai Namco announced on Twitter that it has shipped 2 million copies of its Dragon Ball FighterZ video game worldwide. The number includes download sales. Bandai Namco Entertainment added that the game has set a record for the fastest to 2 million copies in the Dragon Ball game franchise. Check out the official tweet followed by a loose translation down below!Here is the rough translation below:The game launched for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC via Steam in the Americas and Europe on January 26, and launched on Thursday in Japan for PS4 and Xbox One.In the game's story mode, as the mysterious Clone Army invades, the Super Warriors lose consciousness, and their powers. At the same time, the player protagonist becomes mind-linked to Goku. Goku and players must fight together to reveal the mystery behind the link and the Clone Army. The story mode will also have two other stories, where the player protagonist becomes mind-linked to Android 18 and to Frieza. The characters Android 16 and new character Android 21 "hold the key to the story."
OPPORTUNITY for Australian agriculture exists among the climate change challenge, but a lack of research scientists is putting our competitive edge at risk.
The national research effort falls about 80 scientists short of what is needed to deliver practical advice to industry on our uniquely variable climate, according to the Australian Academy of Sciences.
“It's not much use for a farmer to know that Victoria will get warmer, with less rain, if their farm is more likely to be flooded,” said University of NSW oceanographer Professor Trevor McDougall, a world leader in his field who co-authored the Academy's Australian Climate Science Capability Review.
“We have a pretty good understanding of the influence of the large scale impacts from climate change, across eastern Australia or southwest Western Australia for example, but very little skill in understanding how climate change impacts on a small scale.
“If every business adapts to the forecasts of large scale impact in the same way, there will inevitably be winners and losers. We need finer resolution forecasts so business can start adapting sensibly to climate change.”
The review trawled the ranks of research institutions and government agencies. It found all up Australia has 420 climate scientists in total, the majority sprinkled across various university departments and about 100 each in the Bureau of Meteorology and CSIRO.
Prof. McDougall said the ability to make accurate, local climate projections was “no-longer a pipedream”, but Australia must keep pace with the rapid advancements of our competitors.
Climate modelling is “critically under-resourced” and 30 new modellers are needed in the next four years to keep pace with world's best practice, he said.
“If we don't get this up and going we could soon have another country that can model our future better than we can. For example, if the U.S can model our wheat production better than us, we are going to be screwed on the international market.”
The cost of 80 new research positions (roughly $16m in salaries and expenses a year) was justified by a range of benefits, Prof. Mcdougall said.
The National Irrigators Council represents producers who rely on climate projections for critical decisions on water trading and annual plantings.
Council chief executive Steve Whan said he was concerned by the warning over climate modellers and he “looked forward to a positive response” to the report from government.
“Modelling is needed regardless of the Government of the day's position on climate change,” Mr Whan said.
“That's why we would join in being concerned about a conclusion that suggests that Australia will fall behind other major agricultural producers in the quality of projections available to agriculture.
Australia's investment in southern ocean research encouraged the U.S and European countries to grant us access to their satellite data. “We couldn't even predict the weather without that,” Prof. McDougall said.
“The U.S has a lot of satellites, which each cost $300,000 and all they want from us in return for access is data we generate so they can groundtruth their instrumentation and models.”
A study cited in the Academy's review highlighted agriculture's economic payoff of from climate modelling.
Private consultant the Centre for Independent Economics delivered the Analysis of the benefits of improved seasonal climate forecasting for agriculture report in 2014. It was commissioned by the Grains, Rural Industries and Sugar Research Rural Development Corporations, as well as Meat and Livestock Australia.
The report found the potential value of improved seasonal climate forecasts to the ag sector is $1.6 billion a year, not including benefits for rural communities.
The value of improved seasonal climate forecasts that could be realised through optimising fertiliser application in Western Australian wheat enterprises was estimated at between $418 million and $780m a year in Australian dollars, based on 2012 commodity prices.
The study, which qualified its forecast for livestock citing limited information available on enterprises across the sector, estimated the value in the range of $158 to $438m, while cropping could realise benefits from $800m to $1491m.
The report also estimated the value of perfect rainfall predictions for a range of production areas.
For example, the cotton-sorghum system in Dalby, Queensland would benefit to the tune of a 14 per cent to 19pc lift in gross margins; Moree, NSW summer cotton would lift from 44pc to 71pc; and Western Australian wheat-sheep operations would benefit $66 tonnes per hectare of additional gross margins.
Climate research funding has been controversial for the Coalition government. Prime Minister Tony Abbott sliced $115m from CSIRO in his 2014 Budget, with cuts targeted at climate research. Around 300 jobs were culled in 2016.
Prof. McDougall said the climate scientist rebuild should be filled progressively over the next four years.
“You can't create these people to fill roles out of nowhere, you need training.”
Eventually, major political parties sank their differences and forged unity to give constitutional and legal cover to the much-talked-about FATA reforms, giving a sort of new identity to the people of tribal areas as part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. FATA will be granted sixteen general seats, four seats for women and one seat for non-Muslims in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly. It is, indeed, a historic achievement as genuine reforms are being introduced in FATA after lapse of seven decades.
The successive governments ignored the crucial issue of mainstreaming of FATA on flimsy grounds and imaginary fears and as a consequence not only people of the area suffered and stood deprived of their fundamental rights for seventy years but the country as a whole suffered due to menace of terrorism and FATA becoming a haven for all sorts of criminals. Credit really goes to the present Government for doing the necessary homework, presenting a comprehensive package, giving it legal shape, forging consensus among most of the stakeholders and getting the constitutional amendment passed by Parliament. Federal Government has done its job. Credit also goes to the KP Assembly for passing the Bill despite protest by the JUI-F led by Maulana Fazlur Rehman. The move of the Maulana is highly imprudent, which is beyond understanding that why he is opposing the merger of the tribal belt with the KP.
B FAIZ
Lahore
Related
Former Colts and Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning turned down ESPN's offer to become a commentator for “Monday Night Football,” replacing Jon Gruden, who left to become the coach of the Raiders.
The two-time Super Bowl champion may still join FOX for their “Thursday Night Football” broadcast. Manning is expected to make a decision on “TNF” this week, according to Michael McCarthy of Sporting News.
“Thursday is more appealing [to Manning],” an unnamed source told McCarthy. “It's only 11 weeks. It should have a better game schedule than Monday Night Football. It leaves his weekends free too — which is important.”
FOX is willing to pay Manning up to $10 million per year, which would be $3.5 million more per year than what ESPN paid Gruden. That would also be nearly $1 million per game.
Manning, 41, retired from the NFL after winning Super Bowl 50 with the Broncos in 2016. He recently sold all of his Papa John's franchise but remains a spokesperson for the pizza chain.
Related Peyton Manning reached out to new Broncos QB Case Keenum
Polio in Pakistan still remains an endemic viral infection that continues to circulate and infect children; keeping every child vulnerable to a great danger. The DHA attaches great importance to health care and well-being of community as its social corporate responsibility. The DHA Medical Centre provided all assistance to the Saddar Zone Medical Team in launching the Polio Eradication Campaign in Defence this year. One week campaign would continue from February 22-28, 2018.
A Polio Corner was established at the DHA Medical Centre where children were administered polio drops under supervision of DHA's doctor and Paramedical Staff. Thirty six polio teams of volunteers centrally gathered at the DHA Medical Centre who were given necessary instructions and provided polio drops while other medical accessories for administering polio drops in DHA Phase-5,6,7 and 8 areas.
Polio teams visited DHA schools and homes of DHA and administered polio drops to children under five-year of age. The mass vaccination campaign was successfully conducted with a spirited zeal. The well-trained volunteers motivated the parents wherever they found people resisting against vaccinating their children. Administrator DHA Brig Shahid Hassan Ali asked the DHA medical team to extend all support in the ongoing polio campaign in the city ensuring that no child should suffer from a vaccine preventable disease for not getting vaccinated. He said that it is our collective responsibility to strive for healthy and happy future for our generations.
Related
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
By The Associated Press
Tennessee 0 7 0 0— 7 Arizona 0 0 6 6—12 Second Quarter
Ten_Henry 6 run (Succop kick), 7:16.
Third Quarter
Ari_FG Dawson 47, 9:36.
Ari_FG Dawson 23, 4:44.
Fourth Quarter
Ari_FG Dawson 32, 5:59.
Ari_FG Dawson 35, 3:45.
A_64,153.
___
Ten Ari First downs 14 16 Total Net Yards 204 261 Rushes-yards 22-65 29-136 Passing 139 125 Punt Returns 3-14 4-33 Kickoff Returns 2-55 2-27 Interceptions Ret. 0-0 2-37 Comp-Att-Int 16-31-2 17-26-0 Sacked-Yards Lost 3-20 8-53 Punts 6-52.2 6-45.0 Fumbles-Lost 0-0 0-0 Penalties-Yards 6-48 5-30 Time of Possession 26:11 33:49
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Tennessee, Murray 11-34, Henry 8-20, Mariota 2-11, Weems 1-0. Arizona, K.Williams 20-73, C.Williams 1-33, Gabbert 4-12, Penny 2-11, Foster 2-7.
PASSING_Tennessee, Mariota 16-31-2-159. Arizona, Gabbert 17-26-0-178.
RECEIVING_Tennessee, Walker 5-42, Decker 3-56, Davis 3-29, Matthews 3-19, Murray 2-13. Arizona, Fitzgerald 5-44, Gresham 2-27, Nelson 2-26, Jar.Brown 2-15, Foster 2-6, Seals-Jones 1-20, Penny 1-18, K.Williams 1-15, Niklas 1-7.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_Tennessee, Succop 58. Arizona, Dawson 40.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NORMAN, Okla. — Ana Llanusa made a career-high six 3-pointers and tied her career high with 27 points, leading Oklahoma to a 76-57 upset of No. 21 West Virginia on Saturday.
Vionise Pierre-Louis had 13 points and five blocked shots, giving her 201 in her career, and Maddie Manning had 12 points for the Sooners (12-11, 7-5 Big 12).
Katrina Pardee had 13 points to lead the Mountaineers (17-6, 5-6). Leading scorer Teana Muldrow (20.5) had a season-low five points, just her second game without double figures.
Muldrow's free throw midway through the third quarter tied the game at 35. The Sooners reeled off the next nine points and led 53-41 entering the fourth quarter. Manning scored the first five points in the last quarter for another 9-0 run.
4 successful 'heavyweight' players in cricket
smit shah FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 2.74K // 04 Jul 2018, 15:09 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
To be a modern-day cricketer and to represent the country, fitness has become a prerequisite. A highly controversial fitness test - The Yo-Yo test has become the ultimate test of fitness. Failing this test, a player howsoever talented and skillful, is not even considered for selection. Most of the top cricket playing nations have adopted the Yo-Yo test as the sole decider of an individual's fitness.
There were days when even heavily built cricketers played the game
Had this been the case a few years back, cricket fans perhaps wouldn't have had the opportunity to see a few legends in action. These slightly bulky cricketers did not possess the same speed, agility, and flexibility but were instrumental in their team's success. These individuals did not have a chiseled body like modern-day cricketers have but they had an abundance of talent and skills which made up for their lack of agility.
The supreme significance given to Yo-Yo fitness test has been heavily criticized across the cricket community who believe in combining skills and fitness levels in order to take a practical decision.
Let us have a look at 4 such heavyweights who performed exceedingly well for their respective countries.
#4 David Boon - Australia
David Boon was remarkably athletic for a stocky man. He had a heart of a lion and a razor-sharp brain hard-wired to easily handle challenging situations. One of the finest examples of grit and determination - David Boon was neither delightful nor that entertaining with the bat but always attached a price on his wicket.
David Boon was stocky but athletic
Boon made his debut in 1984, and soon became an important member of the Aussie side in both Tests and ODIs. Batting at number 3 in Tests, he scored daddy hundreds - an astonishing 21 tons in 107 matches. Many of these knocks came in the all-important Ashes and against India as well.
The primary reason why Boon was so effective against India was his ability to play spin well. Being an Australian, this rare skill of his was instrumental in Australia's World Cup victory in 1987 which was played in India. A carefully built knock of 75 against England in the finals of 1987 World Cup that held the innings together for the Aussies turned out to be a match-winning one and Boon was adjudged the Man of the Match.
Srinagar
An Indian soldier was injured in an attack on an army convoy in Qazigund area of Islamabad district, Monday. The solider was injured when the army convoy came under fire at Bonigam in Qazigund while it was heading towards Srinagar.
The troops cordoned off the area immediately after the attack. The exchange of fire continued till reports last came in. More details are awaited.
Meanwhile, two policemen were injured when the service rifle of a police constable went off at the Kulgam police station, today. The injured were sent to a hospital in Srinagar for treatment.—KMS
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is just five days until Royal Ascot starts and the five days of thrills and spills that follows, including the much anticipated Gold Cup.
But there's still plenty of action on the track to get stuck into before then.
Today's racing takes place at Newbury, Nottingham, Fontwell Park, Haydock Park and Uttoxer.
Let us know what you think at @mirrorsport, but if you're struggling, here are our man Newsboy's selections.
Happy racing, good luck and remember to bet responsibly.
NEWBURY
1.30 ROGUE
2.00 MUTAKATIF
2.30 DELEYLA
3.05 TALAYEB
3.40 CAPTON
4.15 LIMELITE
4.50 KING OF SCOTLAND
5.20 THE MAJOR
NOTTINGHAM
1.30 CENTRAL CITY
2.10 ALQALSAR
2.45 MISS TREE
320 SYRIAN PEARL
3.55 ARCTIC ANGEL
4.30 OCEAN DRIVE (NAP)
5.00 LITTLE CHOOSEY
5.30 MRS BIGGS
FONTWELL PARK
1.50 BOSTIN
2.20 REMIND ME LATER
2.55 AMORON KALI
3.30 CHARLIE MON
4.05 CALLING DES BLINS
4.40 BROWN BEAR
5.10 CAPTAIN GEORGE
HAYDOCK PARK
6.05 LUGANO (NB)
6.35 ADAM'S ALE
7.05 STAGE MAGIC
7.40 ROLLER
8.10 GULF OF POETS
8.40 NIGH OR NEVER
UTTOXETER
5.55 ICANMOTOR
6.25 CHARLIE WINGNUT
6.55 RAVENS HILL
7.30 TRAFALGAR ROCK
8.00 BRING BACK CHARLIE
8.30 ARBORETUM
9.00 DORY
DOUBLE: OCEAN DRIVE and LUGANO
A 69-year-old man was seriously injured after he was trampled by an elephant on Gerik-Jeli East-West Highway between Perak and Kelantan in Malaysia on Thursday.
The victim, who has been identified as M Paramanazan, fractured his left arm and rib and injured his right arm in the accident that took place at about 4.30 pm. Gerik police chief Superintendent Ismail Che Isa said that the victim has broken one of the bones in his neck after he was trampled by the animal near a memorial monument along the highway.
"Paramanazan and his son, in his 40s, were travelling to Gerik through the JRTB (Gerik-Jeli East-West Highway) route. When they reached the memorial, the victim, who wanted a close-up view of the elephant, got down from the lorry," Supt Ismail told Bernama.
"However, he was suddenly chased and trampled by the elephant when he tried to approach the animal," he added.
Paramanazan was first taken to Gerik Hospital by his son, who was driving the lorry. Later, he was shifted to Taiping Hospital for follow-up treatment.
Encounters between wild animals and human beings have become quite common in Malaysian highways. In December 2017, a sun bear was killed after being hit by a motorcyclist in Terengganu, Malaysia. The man escaped with minor injuries.
The bear weighed about 100 kg and was killed upon impact, after which its carcass was taken to the State Wildlife Department.
Motorcyclists and travellers have been warned to look out for wild animals in highways, especially after dark, as they often roam in those areas, especially around the Kuala Dungun interchange.
According to environmentalists, these unfortunate incidences between man and animal occur mainly as our species has encroached upon their habitat, creating settlements in and around their natural homes. The size of the animal generally decides who will get hurt, it or the man.
WORLD
US President Donald Trump and French counterpart Emmanuel Macron called for a "new" deal with Iran Tuesday, looking beyond divisions over a landmark nuclear accord that still hangs in the balance.
Trump laid transatlantic divisions bare during a visit by the French president, pillorying a three-year old agreement designed to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The US leader described the deal as "insane" and "ridiculous," despite European pleas for him not to walk away.
US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron skake hands during a joint press conference at the White House in Washington, DC, on April 24. (AFP-Yonhap)
Instead, Trump eyed a broader "deal" that would also limit Iran's ballistic missile program and support for militant groups across the Middle East."I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger, maybe, deal,"said Trump, stressing that any new accord would have to be built on "solid foundations.""They should have made a deal that covered Yemen, that covered Syria, that covered other parts of the Middle East," said Trump."No matter where you go in the Middle East, you see the fingerprints of Iran behind problems."Macron admitted after meeting Trump that he did not know whether the US president would walk away from the nuclear deal when a May 12 decision deadline comes up."I can say that we have had very frank discussions on that, just the two of us," Macron told a joint press conference with Trump at his side.Putting on a brave face, he said he wished "for now to work on a new deal with Iran" of which the nuclear accord could be one part.Neither Trump nor Macron indicated whether Iran would get something in return for concessions on its ballistic programs, activities in the Middle East or extending nuclear controls beyond 2025.Trump -- true to his background in reality TV -- teased his looming decision."This is a deal with decayed foundations. It's a bad deal, it's a bad structure. It's falling down," the US leader said. "We're going to see what happens on the 12th."Trump's European allies have repeatedly tried to persuade him not to abandon the 2015 deal, which gave Iran massive sanctions relief and the guarantee of a civilian nuclear program in return for limiting enrichment that could produce weapons grade fuel.German Chancellor Angela Merkel will renew those calls when she visits Washington on Friday.Iran, meanwhile, has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if Trump walks away from the accord, prompting Trump to issue a blunt warning."They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down," he said.For months American and European officials have been working behind the scenes to trying to find a compromise over Trump's demands to change the agreement.Officials have toyed with the idea of a separate joint declaration: promising to tackle non-nuclear issues, while searching for a tougher successor agreement post 2025.The challenge, they say, is to find a solution that allows the mercurial US president to claim a public victory, while keeping the deal intact.More hawkish American officials accuse Europeans -- particularly Germany -- of putting business interests ahead of security, and of opposing a tougher stance against Iran to safeguard investments in the Islamic Republic.That charge is sharply rejected by European officials, who are increasingly frustrated at spending time dealing with Trump's complaints rather than tackling Iran's behavior.The disagreement threatens to plunge transatlantic relations to their lowest point since the Iraq War."It's quite possible that Macron successfully bought time to gin up support for a new accord," said Henry Rome, an Iran expert at the Eurasia Group, a consultancy.But he predicted multiple problems that could scupper Macron's efforts.Trump comments contrasted markedly with the red carpet roll out that the French leader received at the White House.Earlier Tuesday both men waxed lyrical about shared heroes of yore -- from the Marquis de Lafayette to Alexis de Tocqueville -- as they listened to strains of "La Marseillaise" and "The Star-Spangled Banner.""The wonderful friendship we have developed over the last year is a testament to the enduring friendship that binds our two nations," Trump glowed.In the Oval Office, Trump offered another, slightly awkward sign of their intimacy."We have a very special relationship, in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off," Trump said, swiping something off Macron's jacket. "We have to make him perfect -- he is perfect."Observers are uncertain that Macron can translate the privileged relationship into concrete results.There are also problems in the economic sphere, with Macron and Merkel both trying to secure a permanent exemption for Europe from US steel and aluminum tariffs.Trump complained about having to do trade "deals" with the European Union as a bloc, rather than individual states like France. (AFP)
Islamabad
Pakistan Muslim League (PML-Q), Pakistan Muslim League Functional (PML-F) and Balochistan National Party Awami (BNP-A) will completely loss their representation in Senate while Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) is likely to emerge a single largest party in the Upper House after Senate elections in March.
As per the present strength in the national and the provincial assemblies, the ruling party is likely to clinch at least 18 seats in the upcoming Senate elections.
Currently, PML-N has majority seats in the Upper House of the Parliament with 27 seats and nine of its senators are set to retire on March 11 after completing their six-year term.
It is likely that the PML-N will clean sweep the Senate election in the Punjab Assembly and win all 12 seats, where the party has a total of 309 members. Similarly, the ruling party can easily win two seats from the federal capital as PML-N has majority in the National Assembly.
However, at least 15 new lawmakers of the PML-N would make their way in the house, raising the total number of its senators to 33. Pakistan People Party (PPP) will be major loser as its 18 senators out of 26 are set to retire on March 11.The Awami National Party (ANP) will also lose five senators out of total six after the elections.—APP
WASHINGTON—Two men have been arrested for their role in a violent altercation outside the Turkish ambassador's residence during a recent visit to Washington by Turkey's president, police said Wednesday. The Metropolitan Police Department said in a brief statement that Sinan Narin had been arrested in Virginia on an aggravated assault charge. It said Eyup Yildirim had been arrested in New Jersey on charges of assault with significant bodily injury and aggravated assault. The department released no further details about the men but said additional information would be available Thursday. Read more:Toronto men involved in violent clash at Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington A spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office in New Jersey confirmed that Yildirim made his first appearance before a judge there on Wednesday.
Article Continued Below
Narin and Yildirim were both participants in the protests, according to a U.S. official familiar with the case. On the day of the violence, police detained two members of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security detail but released them shortly afterward. Two other men were arrested at the scene — one for aggravated assault and the other for assaulting a police officer. The U.S. official, who was not authorized to speak publicly to the matter and demanded anonymity, said DC police had identified 34 of 42 people who were involved in the fight, and are seeking their arrests. Police are expected to release photos of the other 8 possible suspects and appeal to the public for information on their identities, the official said. The clash happened as Erdoğan arrived at the ambassador's residence after a White House meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump on May 16.
Video of the protest showed security guards and some Erdoğan supporters attacking a small group of protesters with their fists and feet. Men in dark suits and others were recorded repeatedly kicking one woman as she lay curled on a sidewalk. Another wrenched a woman's neck and threw her to the ground. A man with a bullhorn was repeatedly kicked in the face. After police officers struggled to protect the protesters and ordered the men in suits to retreat, several of the men dodged the officers and ran into the park to continue the attacks. In all, nine people were hurt. The fracas added to already strained U.S.-Turkish ties. The NATO allies have publicly clashed over a U.S. decision to arm Syrian Kurdish rebels fighting Daesh, also known as ISIS or ISIL, in Syria. Turkey considers the fighters to be an extension the Kurdish insurgency in Turkey known as the PKK, and claims without evidence that protesters who showed up during Erdoğan's visit to Washington last week were themselves associated with the PKK. U.S. officials had strongly criticized the Turkish government after Erdoğan's security forces for the violence, and the State Department summoned Turkey's ambassador to the U.S. to complain. The Turkish Foreign Ministry then summoned the U.S. ambassador to Turkey to complain about the treatment of the detained security guards. Turkey's U.S. embassy alleged the demonstrators were associated with the PKK, which has waged a three-decade-long insurgency against Turkey and is considered a terrorist group by the United States. Turkey's official Anadolu news agency said they chanted anti-Erdogan slogans, and that the Turkish president's team moved in to disperse them because “police did not heed to Turkish demands to intervene.” The Turkish Embassy claimed the demonstrators were “aggressively provoking Turkish-American citizens who had peacefully assembled to greet the president. The Turkish-Americans responded in self-defence and one of them was seriously injured.” But Mehmet Yuksel, who arrived immediately after the incident and knows almost all of the dozen or so demonstrators, said they weren't connected with the PKK. The victims included Americans, he said at the time, and there was no justification for the attack.
The current Renault Twingo dates back to 2014, and new spy shots reveal that a styling update is on the way for the little hatchback. The changes appear to maintain the Twingo's cute, friendly aesthetic.
The biggest changes to the front are in the lower fascia. There are new intakes in each corner, which lend a somewhat sporty aesthetic. The center section appears to be a little more rounded, too. There's lots of camouflage, but there don't appear to be major changes elsewhere. The upper grille and headlights appear to have same shapes as on the current Twingo.
At the back, there are revised tailights that appear to have a rounder shape and a different layout with a rectangular white section in the center. The bumper appears to have a completely different shape. It has a new taper that adds some visual interest to the tail, rather than the current design that's fairly flat.
These photos don't provide a look at the cabin but expect Renault to take the opportunity to update things in there. Material changes and infotainment improvements are the most likely tweaks.
This test mule also has an exhaust the pokes out of the rear corner, instead of the semi-hidden layout from most trims of the existing model. This could indicate that Renault is evaluating some powertrain changes for the hatchback.
The existing Twingo is available with a range of tiny, rear-mounted engines. The base unit is a 1.0-liter naturally aspirated three-cylinder with 70 horsepower (52 kilowatts). There's also a turbocharged 900cc three-cylinder with 90 hp (67 kW). The range-topping GT model gets a 110-hp (82 kW) version of this tiny engine.
Source: CarPix
Tim Farron has resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats this evening in a shock announcement.
He stepped down amid speculation that party heavyweight Vince Cable could step in to lead the party.
Mr Farron said it has felt "impossible" to be Lib Dem leader while "living as a faithful Christian."
In his resignation statement, he said: "The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader.
"A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment.
"To be a political leader - especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 - and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.”
His resignation will trigger a leadership election next month.
Mr Farron faced criticism during the General Election campaign for failing to answer questions about his position on homosexuality.
He made it clear he supported equal marriage and LGBT rights, but in a broadcast interview did not say whether or not it was a sin.
After days of pressure to clarify his stance on the issue, Mr Farron made clear he does not believe gay sex is a sin.
The Lib Dems increased their seats from nine to 12 during last week's general election.
It comes as senior Lib Dem frontbencher spokesman Lord Paddock resigned from his role as shadow secretary of state for the Home Office earlier today citing "concerns about the leader's views on various issues."
Lord Paddick, who was the most senior openly gay police officer in the UK serving as deputy assistant commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service from 2003 to 2007, announced his departure on Twitter.
The Lib Dem peer, who stood as the Lib Dem London mayoral candidate in 2008 and 2012, tweeted: "I've resigned as @LibDems Shadow Home Secretary over concerns about the leader's views on various issues that were highlighted during GE17."
Earlier today Mr Farron had announced plans for a deputy leadership election for the parliamentary party.
Renée Zellweger has a new role on her hands, and the upcoming movie is nothing like Bridget Jones' Diary. Zellweger will play Judy Garland in the biopic Judy, from Pathé, BBC Films, and Ingenious Media. The studio has released the first photo of Zellweger as Garland, and the Academy Award winner is completely unrecognizable while dressed as the Wizard of Oz star.
There aren't a ton of details about Judy's release date yet, though IMDb lists the movie's release date as later this year. Set in the late 1960s, the biopic will focus on Garland's series of sold-out concerts at London's Talk of the Town nightclub. The movie will focus on the final phase of Garland's life, long after the release of her movies The Wizard of Oz and Easter Parade. Finn Wittrock, Michael Gambon, Jessie Buckley, and Rufus Sewell will also co-star in the film. And, according to IMDb, Gemma-Leah Devereux and Bella Ramsey will appear in the movie as Garland's two daughters, Liza Minnelli and Lorna Luft. There's no actor yet listed to play Garland's son.
As stated in a post from Judy's Twitter account, the movie has started its principal photography, so fans might be seeing more photos of Zellweger as Garland in the coming weeks. In the first photo, a dark-haired Zellweger stands performing at a microphone, wearing a colorful floral dress.
By The Hollywood Reporter's account, Garland's family will play a significant role in the biopic. As the magazine puts it, the movie focuses on a star who's spent almost her entire life in the spotlight and now wonders if she wants to spend more time with her children at home. Sewell will play Sidney Luft, Garland's third husband, while Wittrock will play Mickey Deans, Garland's fifth husband.
Though she was just 47 years old when she died, Judy Garland had a storied career. After years as a child actress, Garland became a household name when she landed the role of Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. She went on to act in many more movies, including Easter Parade, Summer Stock, and A Star Is Born.
But as the concert series Judy will focus on demonstrates, Garland was as renowned for her singing as she was for her acting. Based on the photo, it looks like Zellweger could be singing in the movie, too. THR reports that The Wizard of Oz' "Over the Rainbow," as well as some of Garland's other songs, will be included in the movie. And obviously Zellweger has singing experience; she starred in Chicago, which won the Best Picture award at the Oscars in 2003. (She also sang in 2003's Down with Love, alongside Ewan McGregor.)
John Sciulli/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
There's no trailer for Judy yet, but fans are already loving the photo of Zellweger in character. Entertainment journalist Jarett Wieselman has already declared the photo the beginning of a "Renéessance," and honestly, he might not even be wrong about that.
Judy isn't the first time Garland's legacy has been portrayed on screen. In 2001, ABC released the miniseries Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, which starred Judy Davis as the late Garland. Garland left an incredible legacy in the world of film and music, though, so it's not a surprise that she's being immortalized through another work.
And Zellweger has played many different roles over the years, so it's no surprise that her transformation into Judy Garland is totally unrecognizable. Hopefully, fans will get a trailer for the movie soon — if Zellweger is singing "Over The Rainbow," it would be great if the first teaser included a snippet of the famous song.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City will not be complacent - despite landing arguably the easiest draw in the Champions League last 16.
Pep Guardiola's Premier League leaders were drawn against Swiss champions Basel, who finished runners-up to City's local rivals Manchester United in Group A.
City could not have picked a better draw, having avoided the likes of 12-time winners Real Madrid, Bayern Munich and Juventus.
But Basel beat United 1-0 at St Jakob Park last month, adding to their notable English scalps that include Chelsea, Liverpool and Spurs.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: John Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images)
Txiki Begiristain, City's director of football, said Guardiola's side will not take lightly Basel, despite the Blues being installed as favourites to lift the trophy.
"We have to respect FC Basel and we have to be careful," said Begiristain.
(Image: The FA Collection)
"We need to be ready to play them and do our best because obviously we want to go as far as we can in this competition.
"We showed against Napoli that we can do well home or away. We had to fight to qualify and to win the group and I think we've shown the character and personality needed to do well in the Champions League."
CLAIM
The Obama administration gave 2,500 Iranians citizenship as part of nuclear deal negotiations.
Unproven
RATING
WHAT'S TRUE
More than 23,000 Iranian-born individuals were granted citizenship or lawful permanent residency in the U.S. in 2015.
WHAT'S FALSE
We found no evidence that 2,500 of those persons were given preferential treatment as a result of nuclear deal negotiations.
WHAT'S UNDETERMINED
Whether any relatives of Iranian government officials (or the officials themselves) were given preferential treatment to reside or travel in the U.S. in conjunction with nuclear deal negotiations.
ORIGIN
On 3 July 2018, U.S. President Donald Trump repeated via Twitter a story that had been offered by Fox News one day earlier, holding that the administration of Trump's predecessor Barack Obama had granted U.S. citizenship to 2,500 Iranians during nuclear deal negotiations in 2015:
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians – including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
The Obama administration negotiated the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a deal struck with Iran that lifted key sanctions against that country in exchange for Iran's allowing independent monitoring to ensure they were winding down their nuclear program. That plan was signed off on by all members of the United Nations Security Council, but in May 2018 President Trump abruptly backed the U.S. out of the agreement:
The claim echoed by Trump in his tweet about “2,500 Iranians” was initially made by Iranian politician Hojjat al-Islam Mojtaba Zolnour and was quoted by Fars, a Persian-language news outlet with questionable reliability which is often described as a quasi-mouthpiece for the Iranian government. Fox News repeated that quote in their version of the report:
“When Obama, during the negotiations about the [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action] JCPOA, decided to do a favor to these men, he granted citizenship to 2,500 Iranians and some officials started a competition over whose children could be part of these 2,500 Iranians,” he claimed. “If today these Iranians get deported from America, it will become clear who is complicit and sells the national interest like he is selling candies to America.” The conservative Zolnour, who is in Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's inner circle, added: “It should be stated exactly which children of which authorities live in the United States and have received citizenship or residency.”
It's unclear where Zolnour, who is a critic of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and is considered a conservative hardliner, came up with the 2,500 figures (nor did the Fox News story provide any additional information on that front). The Fox article also referenced the names of two relatives of Iranian officials who now live in the United States (Ali Fereydoun and Fatemeh Ardeshir Larijanibut) but also noted that “There is no suggestion either of these people received citizenship in the wake of the Iranian nuclear deal.”
According to Department of Homeland Security data, 10,344 Iranian-born persons became naturalized citizens of the U.S. in 2015, while 13,114 others gained legal permanent residency. Those numbers don't deviate drastically from preceding years' figures or from those of 2016, the most recent data available.
Jeffrey Prescott, a senior director on President Obama's National Security Council, responded to the claim with a tweet labeling President Trump's statement as “absurd and false”:
This an absurd and false allegation. It shouldn't be lost on anyone that this is a case of Donald Trump parroting Fox News, which is peddling the claims of an Iranian hardliner. https://t.co/AUacWXLmmC — Jeffrey Prescott (@jeffreyprescott) July 3, 2018
The comment made by Zolnour likely reflects a political reality in Iran, said Alireza Nader, a Washington, D.C.-based specialist on the country. Amidst popular uprisings against a regime that many citizens consider corrupt, a number of high-ranking Iranian officials have sent their children or relatives to live in the United States. This situation has fostered resentment among Iranians who question why a privileged class are free to travel and live in the U.S. while President Trump's travel ban has rendered doing so impossible for most ordinary citizens.
Nader told us that “I don't know if there was a specific policy to let [Iranian officials' families] settle [in the U.S.]. But there is definitely a sense of anger in Iran that the regime basically represses Iranians and says ‘death to America,' yet sends its children to study in the U.S. and live good lives while Iranians are suffering.”
Zolnour's comment, Nader added, was likely a “clumsy” dig at Rouhani. As Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian noted, both Trump and Zoulnor probably intended it as a slight against their domestic adversaries and not a genuine revelation of truth about an international agreement they consider disagreeable:
Fars is also regularly used as a vehicle to slander foreign nationals imprisoned in Iran who are denied due process or the right to defend themselves. Me included. For Trump that doesn't seem to matter. Any friend of fictions he's trying to sell to the American people is a friend of his. Still, it boggles the mind that he would uncritically accept information from such a quarter. But Trump — just like Zolnour and his fellow thugs in the Iranian regime — has little interest in factual accuracy. He's far more interested in assailing his domestic foes (in this case, his predecessor in office). And in this sense, we see a striking overlap between Trump and the mullahs. It's a sort of call-and-response relationship.
A CBS News report on this issue similarly concluded by stating that:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
China is currently facing a massive gender gap, with 33.6 million more men than women in the country of 1.4 billion people.
But one firm believes it may have a solution for these lonely men - in the form of ‘smart' sex dolls that can talk, play music, and even turn on dishwashers.
Exdoll is a firm based in Dalian, that has ambitions to apply artificial intelligence to make life-like dolls with a range of uses.
Speaking to AFP , Wuy Xingliang, marketing director at Exdoll, said: “China has a shortage of women, and this is a factor in why there's this demand, but they're not just for sex.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We're designing them so they can have meaningful conversations with you and help with chores around the house.
“They could eventually even work as medical assistants or receptionists.”
Exdoll's doll is called Xiaodie, and is a sex doll fitted with Wi-Fi similar to smart assistants like Siri and Alexa, which can surf the internet and respond to voice commands.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Buyers can customise a range of physical features.
This includes height, skin tone, breast size, eye colour, hair colour and even amount of pubic hair.
According to Exdoll, the most popular dolls have pale skin, large breasts and measure between 158 and 170 centimetres (five foot two and five foot seven) tall.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
The internet-connected doll comes with a fairly hefty price tag of 25,000 yuan (£2,800).
In the next year, Exdoll hopes to roll out more advanced robots that have human-like facial expressions and body movements.
Qiao Wu, chief development officer at Exdoll, said: "There are already good robot technologies developed, so we want to concentrate on having a robot with the most beautiful face, and the hottest body.”
Repealing the Clean Power Plan without a timeline or a commitment to propose a rule to reduce carbon pollution "isn't a step forward, it's a wholesale retreat from EPA's legal, scientific and moral obligation to address the threats of climate change,'" said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
While the Supreme Court has concluded that EPA is obligated to regulate greenhouse gases, "this administration has no intention of following the law," said McCarthy, who led the EPA when the Clean Power Plan was completed. "They are denying it just as they are denying the science. They're using stall tactics to defer action, ignoring the courts and the demands of the American people."
Industry groups cheered the planned repeal, saying it would reverse regulatory overreach by Obama and McCarthy.
"The Clean Power Plan represented an unlawful attempt to transform the nation's power grid ... and raise costs on American consumers," said Hal Quinn, president and CEO of the National Mining Association.
The Obama-era plan would have sharply reduced the number of coal-fired plants, making the grid more vulnerable to reliability concerns and increasing costs with "trivial environmental benefits," Quinn said.
The new plan will save an estimated 240 million tons of annual coal production and safeguard more than 27,000 mining jobs and almost 100,000 additional jobs throughout the supply chain, he said.
In the leaked document, the Trump administration argues that repealing the Clean Power Plan could spare an estimated $33 billion in compliance costs in 2030, arguing that the Obama administration overstated the rule's potential health benefits.
Previously, the EPA had estimated that by 2030 the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks and up to 3,600 premature deaths a year.
The leaked document casts doubts on those numbers and says the EPA plans to perform updated modeling and analysis of health benefits and other impacts of the rule.
Liz Perera, climate policy director for the Sierra Club, said repealing the Clean Power Plan "is about one thing and one thing only: helping corporate polluters profit."
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News.
___
Reach Matthew Daly: http://twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
By Matthew Daly, The Associated Press
‘Tis the season for joy and celebration, and for Basecamp Resorts, a special hospital fundraiser.
The company rented out all of Murieta's in Canmore and hosted a holiday celebration with a band, food and drink, a DJ, and most importantly, a donation box and silent auction.
The more than $8,000 raised was for the Canmore & Area Health Care Foundation in what Basecamp Resorts developer (and owner of Big Moose Realty) Sky Mitchell said was the company's first annual Christmas gala fundraiser for the hospital.
“It's always a beautiful and happy surprise when a business wants to contribute to the hospital,” said Canmore & Area Health Care Foundation executive director Soulafa Al-Abbasi. “When someone just wants to donate and give funds that way, it's awesome.”
“The money goes a long way,” she added.
Mitchell said it was important to not put any pressure on people to donate, so the event itself was free, and saw about 120 people in attendance.
“We wanted to do a fundraiser that was a Christmas party as well so that it was a feel-good holiday experience, and we thought the hospital would be a great place to donate funds,” Mitchell said.
“We're a local company and we have big hearts,” she added. “We did this because this is the way we are.”
Al-Abbasi said the fundraiser was also beneficial in connecting her with a new donor base, like the investors, suppliers, tradespeople, and realtors of Basecamp, whom Al-Abbasi may not have known previously.
“Now they know we exist as a foundation, so it was really good exposure,” she said.
“This is really leading by example so we hope to see more of this in the community,” she added. “It's great because they own it, it's theirs, and then they just decide where they want it to go.”
Al-Abbasi said donors to the foundation are able to give to more specific causes and funds under the foundation's umbrella, but Basecamp not specifying a particular cause means the money can go to the area of the greatest need.
“It gives us the flexibility so this money can just go where it needs to go,” she said.
Mitchell said it was especially important to her to contribute to the community in a positive way because she has only been here since 2013 and is looking to lay down roots in Canmore.
“I'm younger and newer to town, but I care just as much about this community as anyone who's been here their whole lives,” she said. “I live here, I want to have kids here, I want to have grandkids here, I want to live here forever. Just because I only got here a few years ago doesn't mean I'm not passionate about the community.”
SVanDyk@postmedia.com
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner Justify has completed a half-mile workout at Churchill Downs in preparation for his Triple Crown bid next month.
The 3-year-old colt covered the distance in 46.80 seconds on Tuesday with trainer Bob Baffert and co-owner Elliott Walden of WinStar Farm looking on. It was the fastest among 43 workouts at the distance. Jockey Martin Garcia flew in from Southern California to work Justify, who is ridden in races by Mike Smith.
Baffert says Justify performed the way he wanted, and he believes the colt is progressing ahead of the June 9 Belmont Stakes.
Justify is expected to have one more workout, possibly on Monday, before he flies to New York next Wednesday.
Baffert will return to his Southern California base before returning to Louisville this weekend.
Also Tuesday, Free Drop Billy was confirmed to run in the Belmont. The colt finished 16th in the Kentucky Derby and skipped the Preakness.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): Get ready for more snow.
The National Weather Service of Northern Indiana has issued a Winter Storm Watch for portions of northern Indiana and southwest lower Michigan, including Kosciusko, Elkhart, Noble, and LaGrange Counties, through Wednesday morning.
That's due to a “lake effect” band pushing through the area, bringing accumulations of 5 to 9 inches with localized amounts of up to a foot possible. For areas south of that, including Fort Wayne, you can expect anywhere from 1 to 5 inches before it's all said and done.
You can stay up-to-date on weather alerts by clicking here. Message and data rates may apply.
In this Feb. 17, 2017, file photo, visitors enter the Saudi Comic Con (SCC) which is the first event of its kind to be held in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia announced on Dec. 11, 2017, that movie theaters will open in the kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years. (Photo: STR / AP)
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years, in the latest social push by the country's young crown prince.
It's a stark reversal in a country where movie theaters were shut down in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt and Lebanon as sinful.
Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to ram through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman.
The crown prince is behind measures such as lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne's social push is part of his so-called Vision 2030, a blueprint for the country that aims to boost local spending and create jobs amid sustained lower oil prices.
The Saudi government said a resolution was passed Monday paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Many Saudis took to Twitter to express their joy at the news, posting images of buckets of movie theater popcorn and moving graphics of people dancing, fainting and crying.
“It's spectacular news. We are in a state of shock,” said Saudi actor and producer, Hisham Fageeh.
Fageeh starred in and co-produced the Saudi film “Barakah Meets Barakah” by director Mahmoud Sabbagh, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in February. The movie, which has been called the kingdom's first romantic comedy, tells the story of a civil servant who falls for a Saudi girl whose Instagram posts have made her a local celebrity.
“We are essentially pioneers because we all took risks to work in this industry,” he said. “We were super lucky, because luck is always a factor of whether we make it or not.”
Even with the decades-long ban on movie theaters, Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs were able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also traveled to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
One Saudi Twitter on Monday user posted a picture of the causeway linking Saudi Arabia with Bahrain, writing “Good bye.”
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from male-only audiences. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
In a statement carried on the state-run Saudi Press Agency, the Ministry of Culture and Information said that movie content “will be subject to censorship” to ensure films do not contradict Islamic law, or Shariah, and the kingdom's moral values.
The government said it will announce additional regulations in the coming weeks.
Fageeh said that while he's concerned with the censorship rules that might be in place, he's also concerned that scenes of violence are typically permitted on screens across the Arab world, but “any kind of intimacy and love is considered taboo and a moral violation.”
“It's a global conversation we need to have,” he said.
Despite there being no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia, young Saudi filmmakers have received government support and recognition in recent years. The government has backed a Saudi film festival that's taken place for the past few years in the eastern city of Dhahran. This year, some 60 Saudi films were screened.
The film “Wadjda” made history in 2013 by becoming the first Academy Award entry for Saudi Arabia, though it wasn't nominated for the Oscars. The movie follows the story of a 10-year-old girl who dreams of having a bicycle, just like boys have in her ultraconservative neighborhood where men and women are strictly segregated and where boys and girls attend separate schools. The film was written and directed by Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour, who shot the film entirely in the kingdom.
That film and “Barakah meets Barakah”, though four years apart, tackle the issue of gender segregation in Saudi Arabia, which remains largely enforced.
The Saudi government projects that the opening of movie theaters will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create more than 30,000 jobs by 2030. The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
Fageeh said it's important the government provides even greater support to local filmmakers now that international films will dominate theaters.
“There needs to be an effort to be cognizant and inclusive for this element of local films or we will be completely flushed out because of the nature of capitalism and will be operating in the margins,” he said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2B7Nut5
Islamabad
Observers have said that the year 2016 has left behind a trail of memories the people and rulers would not forget easily.
According to KMS, this was the most tumultuous year that saw multiple changes in guard followed by a complete breakdown of law and order situation.
The mass uprising started from July 8 after the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen commander, Burhan Muzafaar Wani and his two comrades.
The year began on an ominous note when the puppet Chief Minister of the territory, Mufti Muhammad Sayeed died in a New Delhi hospital on January 7.
His daughter, Mehbooba Mufti after a meeting with Prime Minister Narenda Modi in New Delhi, finally agreed to step into her father's shoes and took oath on April 4.
Mehbooba was barely two weeks in office when four civilians including a woman were killed in north Kashmir's Handwara town after a soldier molested a local schoolgirl.
The incident triggered widespread anger and began the negative image building of the new Chief Minister.
On July 8, a game changing event took place when forces shot dead Burhan Wani, the most popular commander of Hizbul Mujahideen who had used social media to attract youth. Tens of thousands of people came out on streets to protest against the killing. More than 200,000 people took part in his funeral prayers at Tral in south Kashmir. This began a tumultuous phase in the recent history of Kashmir when forces used excessive force to quell the uprising.
By the end of October, over 100 civilians were killed and over 16,000 were injured by Indian forces. The shocking part of the anti-uprising campaign was the unbridled use of pellet guns that ruptured the eyes of hundreds of people including teenagers and women.
At Sri Maharaja Hari Singh Hospital in Srinagar, more than 120 youth were operated upon after being hit by pellets in their eyes. Some of them like 14-year-old Insha Manzoor lost their vision permanently.—APP
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall, The Daily Coin. Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market, economic and monetary policies, preparedness as well as geopolitical events. His articles have been published by Zerohedge, SHTFPlan, Sprott Money, GoldSilver, Silver Doctors, SGTReport, and a great many more. Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014. He has interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Dr. Marc Faber, Eric Sprott, Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff, to name but a few. Don't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic, precious metals, geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world.
Islamabad
Minister for Power Sardar Awais Ahmed Khan Leghari Friday said the present government had taken action to control line losses and electricity theft cases.
Talking to a private news channel, he said action was taken against those distributor companies which were not producing results. There were reports of line losses and power theft cases in Sindh, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa areas, he said.Besides government, it was also the responsibility of people to check power theft cases in their respective living areas, he said. “We have removed five CEOs of distributor companies for not producing results, due to which, the government and people had to face losses, “ he said.
Expressing views over the initiatives of federal government, he said many energy projects had been started in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa (KP), with the assistance of center.Lamenting KP government for less focus on the energy projects, he said four and half years had passed but Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf could not launch any mega project for meeting the demand of the consumers in the province.—APP
A Seoul court held a hearing Wednesday on special prosecutors' request to suspend and nullify the presidential aides' recent rejection of investigators' search of the presidential office for a corruption investigation of President Park Geun-hye and her associates.
The special counsel looking into the influence-peddling scandal centered on Park filed the lawsuit with the Seoul Administrative Court on Friday after its attempt to raid the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae was halted by her secretaries earlier this month for security reasons.
After hearing arguments from both sides during the hour-long session, the court ordered them to submit additional opinions by midnight.
The court is expected to speed up deliberation, as the probe team's investigation deadline is slated for Feb. 28 and a court-issued search warrant is also valid until the same day.
The probe team's spokesman earlier said the raid of Cheong Wa Dae will become impossible if the suit is turned down by the court.
Under the country's law, military facilities and other areas that handle confidential information cannot be searched without approval from the person in charge of the location. The law, however, prohibits the person from refusing to grant such consent unless it infringes upon key national interests. (Yonhap)
This file photo taken on Dec. 5, 2016, shows tourists looking at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae in Seoul. (Yonhap)
Yorkshire universities have raised more than £600,000 from fining students for overdue library books in the past three years.
The University of Leeds accrued the most money from overdue books, collecting more than £211,000 in fines since the 2014/2015 academic year.
Leeds Beckett, which collected almost £150,000, came in second place, while Sheffield Hallam University was third with fines totalling £103,539 - a sharp contrast to the neighbouring University of Sheffield, which scrapped library fees in 2014.
A spokesperson for The University of Leeds said: “The university has five libraries and nearly 33,000 students, so our size is a factor in any comparison of library fines, and all fines are invested back into our libraries.”
However, the total figure across the region's universities is expected to be even higher. When responding to The Yorkshire Post's Freedom of Information request, the University of Hull and the University of Bradford responded with only last year's figure to compare, with Hull collecting £32,744 and Bradford collecting £56,755 in 2015/2016 alone. York St John University has yet to issue a response.
With fines as little as 10p for each day a book is overdue, it shows students are returning thousands of books late each year.
The universities say all the fines are ploughed back into library services, with money spent on resources, including books and journals.
A spokesperson for Leeds Beckett University said: “Fines are used as a strategy to ensure the prompt return of books and to maximise book availability for all students in a context of sharing resources. Staff are also charged fines at the same level. Students generally support the use of fines to encourage their fellow students to bring back books promptly so they all get a chance to use them.”
Students at the University of Leeds, Sheffield Hallam University, the University of York and the University of Huddersfield only start incurring fines if the borrowed book has been requested by someone else. But this isn't the case at the other universities where library members are fined when items are overdue.
Most students are fined around 20p for every day a book is overdue, but those at the University of Leeds can be charged up to £2.50 per day.
A Leeds University Union spokesperson said: “The cost of student living is an ongoing conversation between us and the university. We will continue to work with the libraries to ensure that students are kept well informed on policies and procedures that may lead to fines and that these are fair and transparent.”
Only one university - Sheffield Hallam - responded with a breakdown of who was returning the books late, with undergraduates being responsible for around 70 per cent of the fines. However, figures showed that more than three per cent of staff also weren't returning their books on time.
Library fines at Yorkshire's universities in the last three years (with the exception of Bradford and Hull University, which only provided figures for 2015/2016, and York St John, which has yet to respond):
University of Leeds - £211,072
Leeds Beckett University - £147,509
Sheffield Hallam University - £103,539
University of York - £73,160
University of Hull - £32,744
Leeds Trinity University -£27,682
University of Bradford - £56,755
University of Sheffield - no fees
York St John - no response
The Law Lawmen freshman/sophomore team placed second in the Lawman Froshmore Meet on Saturday.
Olivia Kowalski picked up a first in the javelin with a toss of 81-4.
The 4×100 team of Alexis Agyeman, Julia Satterlee, Ashley Shaw and Brooke Dillman finished third.
Dillman placed sixth in the 100, with a state qualifying time of 13.28.
Shaw was third in the 400.
The 4×800 team (Katelyn Konareski, Midori Hughes, Hannah Rascoll and Kaylee Brotherton) placed second.
Konareski and Brotherton finished second and fifth, respectively, in the 800.
Rascoll earned a fourth in the 1600.
Lily Baldieri had an outstanding day, finishing fourth in the 100 hurdles, fifth in the 300 hurdles and third in the pole vault.
As the Narendra Modi government completes three years in office, there is a lot of debate on its achievements and shortcomings. While supporters point to macroeconomic stability, foreign direct investment inflows and infrastructure building, critics talk about tepid job creation, intolerance and centralization of power. However, there is unanimous agreement on both sides of the aisle about a key challenge for the Indian economy: stressed assets in the banking sector. Stressed assets on the books of Indian banks are now higher than the net worth of the entire banking sector, according to a recently released McKinsey & Co. report, “Mastering New Realities: A Blueprint To Transform Indian Banking”.
One of the contributing factors in this crisis is the inability of private asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) to play a meaningful role, in spite of enabling regulations and support from the central bank. While lawyers attribute the dismal performance of ARCs to a barrage of legal issues, bankers point to one crucial factor: inadequate capital due to lack of interest among private investors.
To address this “buy-side” problem, there has been intense discussion around one solution: the bad bank. Proponents of this solution point to the success of bad banks in China. In 1999, China set up four centrally controlled asset management companies, or bad banks, to swallow toxic assets from banks. Today, China's bad banks are “thriving as alternative lenders, evolving from bad-debt managers into some of the country's largest financial conglomerates”, according to the Financial Times.
The hope was that India too would create a bad bank, which would centralize the sale of stressed assets and lead to a quick resolution. However, that seems less likely now. NITI Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariya recently tweeted, “No plan to create bad bank to resolve NPAs.” As I have previously pointed out (https://goo.gl/FknK61), several political economy factors make the bad bank an unattractive solution for the government. So, what is the government's plan?
According to recent reports, the government is planning to provide operational flexibility to central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) to take over stressed assets and turn them around. To facilitate the takeover of stalled projects, the cabinet secretariat will coordinate between various CPSEs under different administrative ministries and banks. While this would help unburden the banking sector quickly, it may not be an effective solution, given the state of India's public sector.
The performance of India's public sector leaves much to be desired. Between 2009 and 2016, the market value of the Maharatna companies—so-called “crown jewels” of the public sector—declined by 33% at a time when the Nifty index grew by 9%. Between 2010 and 2014, the market value of private sector banks rose by about $30 billion, while the market value of public sector banks (PSBs) fell by about $30 billion. Today, more than 80% of stressed assets in the banking sector are concentrated with PSBs. According to the latest Public Enterprises Survey, the market value of 46 CPSEs decreased by 16.6% in the financial year 2015-16.
In spite of this, the public sector still occupies a large space in the Indian economy. As of 31 May 2017, a mere 88 listed PSEs constituted more than 20% of total market capitalization on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which has more than 5,000 companies listed on it. The most extreme example is that of PSBs, which own 70% of India's banking assets as compared to an emerging market average of 33%.
If all major upstream and downstream public sector energy firms in India are integrated, the combined entity will have a market capitalization of close to $100 billion and will be India's most valued firm by a huge margin. Thus, any initiative which proposes to increase the size of India's public sector should be discouraged.
The takeover of stressed assets by CPSEs also contradicts one of the core principles of Modinomics—Modi's economic philosophy. Modinomics initially focused on three Ds: democracy, demand and demographic dividend. In 2015, Modi added a fourth D—deregularization—which is about reducing the government's footprint in business.
In an interactive session at Facebook headquarters, Modi had said, “I am trying to free everything from the government's control.” Modi has also said in the past that the government has no business being in business. The proposed solution will achieve exactly the opposite. Transferring stressed assets from PSBs to CPSEs will neither be efficient nor effective, since the burden will remain on the government and taxpayers. Also, the turnaround of stressed assets will be attempted by CPSE managers instead of turnaround specialists from the private sector.
Instead, the government should revisit the idea of setting up a bad bank, transferring stressed assets to its balance sheet at fair valuations and then securitizing the assets to distribute risk among a diverse group of investors. On 11 June, finance minister Arun Jaitley kept the conversation alive by saying that the finance ministry was still debating the creation of a bad bank. Whether the government sets up a bad bank or not, one thing is clear: India needs a smaller public sector, not larger.
Rohan Chinchwadkar is an assistant professor of finance at the Indian Institute of Management, Trichy.
GOVERNMENT officials, local business leaders, relatives and friends yesterday came to view the remains of Ramon Aboitiz Foundation Inc. (Rafi) President Robert Eduardo “Bobby” Aboitiz and offered their condolences to the family.
Cebu Gov. Hilario Davide III, Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña, Mandaue City Mayor Luigi Quisumbing, Cebu City Councilor Joel Garganera and University of Cebu president Atty. Augusto Go were among those who joined the Aboitiz family in their mourning.
The viewing of Aboitiz's ashes was held at the Archdiocesan Shrine of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus.
Aboitiz is survived by his wife Maria Cristina and their four children.
The family remembered Aboitiz as a “loving husband, caring father and a selfless community leader.”
In the mass that followed, a reading was done of Aboitiz's speech “Bugsay (paddle) Principle,” one of the lessons he taught to beneficiaries that Rafi supported for the past 50 years.
“You can (power) paddle yourself forward to your chosen destiny, be sidetracked, remain motionless or move around in circles without any focus or direction. One must be fully aware of this freedom to choose and to consciously direct one's life,” reads an excerpt of Aboitiz's speech.
At the time of his death, Aboitiz served as co-chairperson of the Metro Cebu Development and Coordinating Board. He was 67.
In March 2016, Forbes Philippines reported that of the country's wealthiest families, the Aboitizes were the most generous, having invested P793.9 million in philanthropic projects through Rafi and the Aboitiz Foundation.
Leave a Reply
Categories Categories Select Category ABA Ads for Uniforms Advertising and Sponsorship AFL All-Star Unis Amateur Baseball Amateur Hockey Animals in Uniform Anniversary Logos Arena Football Arenas Australian Rules Football Auto Racing Ball Design Ballparks Bat Boys and Ball Boys Beach Volleyball Behavioral Tics and Rituals Belts/Waistbands BFBS Bowling Boxing BP/Practice Jerseys Broadcasters' Uni Banter Caddies Camouflage Canadian Football Caps Captaincy Designations Cat Birthdays Cheerleaders Childhood uni artwork Childhood uni photos Chinstraps Civil Rights Game Coaches/Managers Cold Weather Gear Collars Collectibles/Memorabilia Collector's Corner College Baseball College Football College Hockey College Hoops Color Versus Color Colorization Corporate Douchebaggery Cricket Cross-Dressing Culinary Corner Curling Customization/Modification Cycling Decals Design Contests DIY Projects Embroidery Equipment Managers Equipment/Accessories Etc. European Hockey Experimental Uni Concepts Eye Black, Nail Polish, Etc. Eyewear Fabrics/Textiles Facemasks/Visors Facial Hair, Tattoos, Etc. Fan Apparel Fantasy Sports Father's Day Fauxbacks Field Hockey Fields, Courts, Etc. Fight Songs Figure Skating Flag Design Footwear General Gloves Golf Green for St. Paddy's Day Gymnastics Halls of Fame Hand Warmers Headwear Helmets High School Sports History Holidays Horse Racing Hosiery Independent Leagues Industry Chatter Infographics Injury Treatments Intellectual Property Issues Jackets/Ponchos Japanese Baseball Jerseys Jewelry Lacrosse League Logos Leaks Little League, Pop Warner, Etc. Logo Creep Lost/Stolen Uniforms Marching Bands Mascots Memorials Merchandising Minor League Baseball Minor League Basketball Minor League Hockey MLB MLS Monday Morning Uni Watch Monochrome Uniforms Nameplates Naming Rights Native American Imagery NBA Neckwear Negro Leagues Neon/Fluorescent Colors NFL NFL Superhero Project NHL NickNOBs Non-sports uniforms Old-Timey Baseball Old-Timey Hockey Olympics Open Thread Pants Patches Photography In Sports Pinktober Pinkwashing Player Names/Nameplates Pockets Political Candidates in Uniform Pond Hockey Practice/BP uniforms Promotional Theme Uniforms Prototypes Puppy Bowl Purple = Death Question Time Racist/Offensive Logos or Imagery Religion In Sports Religious issues Retired Numbers Roller Derby Rowing Rugby Scoreboards Shorts/Trunks Signature Uniform Skiing Sleeves Soccer Softball Spanish/Latin Uniforms or Jerseys Spatting Tape Special Occasions Speedskating Sports-Themed Artwork Squatchees Stadia Stadiums and Arenas Stains/Rips/Tears/Etc. Stars-Stripes Designs Stirrups Stitchers Stripes Style Guides Sumo Sunday Morning Uni Watch Sweaters Swimming T-Shirt Club Shirt Launch Table Tennis Team Colors Team Logos/Insignia Team Names Team Owners/Executives Team Tailors/Seamstresses Tennis Theme Uniforms Think Pieces Throwbacks Ticker Track and Field Trainers Travelogues Trophies Trophies and Awards Typography Typos/Glitches/Wrong Uni/Etc. Umps/Refs Undershirts Uni Numbers Uni Pranks Uni Watch Parties Uni Watch Party Reports Uni Watch Power Rankings Uni Watch Profiles interview series Uni-centric Books Uni-centric Magazine/Newspaper items Uni-Centric Museum Exhibits Uni-centric Web Sites Uni-related Artwork Uniform advertising/sponsorship Uniform Catalogs Uniform Designers Uniform Manufacturers Uniform Tracking Uniform/Logo Contests Uniforms in Movies/Advertising/Etc. Uniforms in Non-Sports News Unitards USFL Video Games Vintage Sportswear Finds Vintage/Old Sports Volleyball Volunteer Uniforms Warmup Outfits Weightlifting WFL Wire Service Photos WLAF WNBA Women's Sports World Baseball Classic World Cup Worst Uniforms Wrestling XFL Youth Basketball Zero and Double-Zero Zippers/Fly/Etc. Archive Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006
Sunday, June 4th saw the second round of the Jump Challenge League 2017 taking place at Mill Yard Equestrian Centre, Anahilt, Hillsborough.
A combination of showjumping, working hunter and cross-country fences provided an enjoyable course, with a few challenges, which everyone rode very well.
Competing in Class 1 – Jenny Nixon on Jake
Mill Yard would like to thank everyone who competed at and supported the event especially the NFU Mutual, Lisburn, Botanica International and Qwik Stitch Embroidery Services for sponsoring the 2017 League and also thanks to JHd Photography for taking photos.
The Jump Challenge League continues on Sundays, July 2nd, August 6th and September 3rd.
Other upcoming events at Mill Yard include the Summer Showjumping League on Fridays, June 16th and 23rd , July 7th, 21st and 28th, August 11th, 18th and 25th starting at 6pm sharp with cross poles followed by the 50cm, 60, 70 and 80cm and 90cm (allow half hour per class for start times).
The cross-country course is also open for schooling by appointment, just contact Lucy.
There is a discounted rate of just £8 per horse for anyone wishing to school cross-country on a Friday evening after their showjumping round.
For more information, check out www.mill-yard.co.uk or contact Lucy on 07790 625794.
Results for Jump Challenge League on Sunday 4th June 2017:
Class 1 – 55cm
=1st (5 Points) –Vivienne Andrews on Sarah's Pebbles, Kaitlin Kearns on Puzzle, Lucy McDowell on Timmy, Holly Fitzpatrick on Phoenix,
=2nd (4 Points) – Jenny Nixon on Jake
Class 2 – 70cm
= 1st(5 Points) – June Ellenberg on True Love, Barbara Kearns on Kitty
=2nd (4 Points) – Beth Taylor on Ava, Hannah Catterall on Holly
Class 3 – Pairs
=2nd (9 Points) – Katie Murdock on Jolene and Peter Murdock on Dun&Dusted
Class 4 – 85cm
= 1st(5 Points) –June Ellenberg on True Love, John Rymer on Duchess,
2nd (4 Points) – Katie Murdock on Jolene
IT was the largest privately-owned house in England and, some say, Jane Austen's inspiration for Pemberley in Pride and Prejudice, so it was always going to need more than a local builder, his estimate scribbled on an envelope, to take it on as a “fixer-upper”.
But rules are rules – and so Wentworth Woodhouse, with its 365 rooms, five miles of corridors and a facade twice as long as Buckingham Palace, has joined the ranks of garden sheds and two-up, two-downs on the list of planning applications at Rotherham Town Hall.
Wentworth Woodhouse near Rotherham
The Georgian country house and its 83-acre estate was the subject of a £7m sale last year to a preservation trust, following a long campaign for funding that had seen the chancellor, Philip Hammond, commit £7.6m for essential maintenance while it was still in private hands.
Three months after the sale, the National Trust entered into a partnership to support its renovation, and two months after that, a firm of historic building consultants working on the restoration of Parliament won a contract worth around £650,000 to oversee the work.
The documents now put before Rotherham's planning department – currently the subject of a public consultation – lay bare the extent of the project .
The first phase is to repair the roofs of the south east wing and Wentworth's vast riding block. A report to the council by Giles Proctor, of English Heritage, says the existing slates are in an “extremely poor” condition, having suffered severe deterioration.
Wentworth Woodhouse
The work would be carried out alongside the second phase, which includes repairs to the centre of the main East Front of the house, and action to save its most significant interiors.
Mr Proctor says of the rooms: “The interiors are of high significance. The ground floor door leads directly into the vast, but low, Pillared Hall.
“The Chapel opens off the corridor on the west side of the south wing and is a relatively plain, apart from a frieze of paintings of Christ and the Apostles, Corinthian columns to the east window and some elaboration to the ceiling plasterwork.”
Long-term plans include opening up rooms and gardens for public visits, turning stables into offices for small businesses and giving over space for arts, crafts and community uses. Part of the south wing could also be converted into residential units.
Costs for materials and labour will run into millions, with even “paint analysis”, to ensure that the interior decorations are sympathetic to the originals, estimated at £4,000.
Despite the complexity of the work now planned, Wentworth Woodhouse had been, in its previous incarnation, a family restoration project.
The late Clifford Newbold, a self-made architect, bought the already-crumbling pile for £1.5m when in 1999 he had been looking for a place for himself and his three grown-up sons to renovate.
His son Giles said at the time: “It was clearly going to be a massive challenge. If anything it was too big but there's that saying – you don't go to the moon because it's easy, you go because it's hard.”
The Newbolds had stepped in after Wentworth's previous owner went bankrupt and other potential buyers had been scared off by the repair bill.
The family had the house for 15 years before selling up.
FAIRFIELD, Conn. — Sean Hoehn and Mario Matasovic scored 16 points apiece and Sacred Heart pulled away early in second half to beat Central Connecticut State 67-54 on Saturday.
Sacred Heart (8-17, 3-9 Northeast Conference) snapped a five-game losing skid, its longest in nearly three years. CCSU (12-13, 5-7) has lost three straight since winning four in a row.
Hoehn made two 3-pointers and had six assists. Matasovic was 6-of-9 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds. Kinnon LaRose added 11 points and Joseph Lopez 10 for Sacred Heart.
Tyler Kohl had 25 points and 11 rebounds to lead CCSU.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Juventus are interested in Arsenal's Jack Wilshere, according to multiple reports in Italy.
The midfielder, who has struggled with injury, appears to be surplus to requirements at the Emirates.
He will be in action tonight in Premier League 2 as Arsenal's Under-23s take on Derby U23 after not making the team sheet for the first team's season-opening thriller against Leicester.
Both Gazzetta dello Sport and Tuttomercatoweb claim the Serie A champions are looking into signing the 25-year-old.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty)
He has also been connected with interest from Roma, AC Milan and recently Sampdoria.
Wilshere's form was at times impressive at Bournemouth, when he was injury free.
With just one year left on his contract, the Gunners don't appear keen to extend.
Pine Labs processes transactions worth $15 billion (annualized) on a base of 300,000 payments acceptance points.
Mumbai: Pine Labs, a digital retail payments platform backed by Sequoia Capital and Actis, on Thursday announced that Singapore's Temasek Holdings Pvt. Ltd and digital payments company PayPal Holdings Inc. have acquired minority stakes in the company, investing a total of $125 million.
Pine Labs offers a cloud-based point-of-sale (PoS) payments solutions, allowing merchants to accept credit or debit card payments, as well as the latest methods such as e-wallets, QR code payment solutions and unified payments interface (UPI)-based solutions.
The investment from Temasek and PayPal follows a $82 million investment round in March by UK-based Actis and Altimeter Capital. Mint had reported on 6 May that Temasek was in talks to invest in Pine Labs.
“We're teaming up with Temasek and PayPal at a time when the Indian payments market is at an inflexion point,” said Lokvir Kapoor, founder of Pine Labs.
Pine Labs is a leader in the offline payments space, a position that is critical in enabling the ecosystem of online payment products, he said. “The investments will help us move a step closer to our vision for building a world-class merchant-centric payments ecosystem,” said Kapoor.
Temasek, with its deep network in many Asian markets and extensive knowledge of financial services companies, is a great partner for Pine Labs as it ramps up its regional expansion, said Pine Labs in a statement.
With the company expanding its product suite, building new layers of services for merchants, banks and other communities in the payment ecosystem, PayPal's global presence and strong product expertise make them an invaluable ally, the statement added.
Pine Labs claims it processes transactions worth $15 billion (annualized) on a base of 300,000 payments acceptance points.
“This positions us as a critical and strategically important player in the offline-online convergence in India. Pine is also on track to originate over $1 billion of instant loans at point-of-sale terminals for card issuers and partner NBFCs this fiscal year, demonstrating the power and utility of our payments platform,” said Vicky Bindra, chief executive of Pine Labs.
Pine Labs is used by over 65,000 merchants across India's retail, e-commerce, electronics, food and beverage, fashion, financial, pharmacy, telecom and airlines industries. The company aims to reach 1 million payment acceptance points in India in the next three to five years.
Sequoia India, which first invested in Pine Labs in 2009, remains the company's largest shareholder.
July 6
Alex Pangman and Her Alleycats, trio, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15. 905-543-8512
Westdale Village Streetside Music, 4 to 8 p.m. in the heart of Westdale Village among the summer patios. info@westdalevillage.ca
July 7
Kongero, Swedish vocal group, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15, $10. 905-543-8512
Bonobo, Migration Tour, 5:30 p.m. Royal Botanical Gardens, 680 Plains Rd. W., Burlington. 905-527-1158
July 8
Da-Bangg: The Tour — Reloaded, Bollywood superstars, 6:30 p.m., FirstOntario Centre, 101 York Blvd. Tickets: 905-546-3100
Music at Fieldcote, 7 p.m. Mark McNeil. Fieldcote Memorial Park and Museum, 64 Sulphur Springs Rd., Ancaster. Free admission, suggested donation $5. Alternate site in the event of inclement weather, St. Ann's Ancaster, 11 Wilson St. 905-648-8144. Pre-concert 6 to 7 p.m. performance by the five-piece Cottonwood Brass performing on vintage instruments amid a display of vintage automobiles.
July 9 to 13
Music in the City, free lunchtime music series, noon to 2 p.m. Jackson Square Rooftop Gardens, 2 King St. W. Featuring Big Rude Jake.
July 11
Fander, Swedish-Estonian group, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $10, $15. 905-543-8512
Alfie Smith and Nicole Christian, noon to 2 p.m. Whitehern Historic House and Garden, 41 Jackson St. W. Regular admission rates apply to the museum. This is a free event in the garden. Tea/Lemonade $1. 905-546-2018
July 12
Brott Music Festival, Brott Opera, 7:30 p.m. First Ontario Concert Hall, 1 Summers Lane. Greatest hits, arias, duets and ensembles of the world of grand and comic opera. Tickets: $44, $39 seniors, $25 Brott35, $15 students. 905-525-7664
July 13
Adrean Farugia, Kelly Jefferson, Ernesto Cervini, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $10, $15. 905-543-8512
July 14
The Waleed Kush African Jazz Ensemble, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15. 905-543-8512
July 15
Brott Music Festival, all The Old Familiar Places, 7 p.m. Fieldcote Memorial Park and Museum, 64 Sulphur Springs Rd., Ancaster. The jazz and Big Band styles of the 1940s, classic hits. Pianist Valerie Tryon, guest conductor Martin MacDonald. Tickets: $5 donation.
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website. We will no longer accept entries by email. To submit your event, please click on Event Listings at thespec.com. If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420.
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication.
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website. We will no longer accept entries by email. To submit your event, please click on Event Listings at thespec.com. If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420.
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication.
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
Rawalpindi
Deputy Commissioner Talat Mehmood Gondal said that strict action would be taken against the profiteers and hoarders during the holy month of Ramzan. He said the prices of food items would be monitored regularly and no one cheat the public. He said that Rawalpindi has established a total of 16 Ramazan Sasta Bazaars to provide relief to the consumers in the holy month of Ramzan. He urged citizens to register their complaints so that action to be taken against them according to law.—APP
A group of 20 business organizations are launching an effort to save $100 million in health care costs by 2020 by reducing avoidable emergency room visits by 20 percent.
The businesses are still figuring out their exact strategies. The first step will focus primarily on raising awareness among employees about the resources available for them to get care outside of the emergency room.
"Our plan is to provide employers with a toolkit, which will include appropriate information communicated in plain English about the most appropriate sites for care, why that's important, and how it impacts premiums," said Eileen McAnneny, president of the Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation. McAnneny is leading the coalition together with Richard Lord, president and CEO of Associated Industries of Massachusetts.
"We're talking about changing behaviors and activities of both employers and employees," Lord said.
Massachusetts' Health Policy Commission has estimated that 40 percent of emergency room visits in Massachusetts, or around 370,000 visits a year, are preventable or inappropriate. These include people visiting the emergency room to treat ailments like skin rashes, back pain, dental pain, allergies or bronchitis.
Many of these problems could be treated in an urgent care clinic or by a primary care doctor. The emergency room is the most expensive way to treat those types of ailments, with an emergency room visit generally costing five times more than care provided in a primary care or urgent care setting.
The Health Policy Commission estimates that statewide, patients with commercial insurance spend $300 million to $350 million each year on avoidable emergency department visits.
About 40 percent of avoidable emergency room visits are from patients with commercial insurance, as opposed to Medicare or Medicaid.
David Seltz, executive director of the Massachusetts Health Policy Coalition, said avoidable emergency room visits contribute to overcrowding and longer wait times for people who actually need emergency care. Seltz said the initiative is about "getting patients the right care in the right place at the right time."
"This is low-hanging fruit," Lord said. "We all agree inappropriate use of emergency rooms is an example of wasteful spending that is not contributing to the health of residents of Massachusetts."
Massachusetts is a national leader in providing access to health care, but the state has struggled with health care costs that are among the highest in the country. The state Senate passed a cost containment bill this year, and the House is developing its own version of that bill.
The business coalition includes business associations representing various regions of the state and various industries, including bankers, food businesses, retailers, Realtors and technology companies. The effort has support from the state's major health insurers and hospital advocacy group.
Nancy Creed, president of the Springfield Regional Chamber, said health care costs today are "unsustainable" for businesses that are trying to remain competitive. "We're going to take advantage of the toolkit that the coalition is providing, provide that to our members and ask them to provide it to their employees," Creed said.
The "toolkit" will include information encouraging employees to find primary care doctors, informing them about what urgent care centers or minute clinics are available and advising them on when to seek emergency room care.
Lord said one large retailer in Massachusetts saw that its members had high rates of emergency room visits and distributed information to employees about nearby alternatives, explaining that they could get better care with shorter wait times. Lord said that effort successfully reduced inappropriate emergency room visits.
The coalition, working with the state's Health Policy Commission, plans to track and publicly report rates of avoidable emergency room visits, while enhancing the ability of employers to track that information about their employees.
The Massachusetts Association of Health Plans, the Massachusetts Health and Hospital Association and other partners have agreed to work with the businesses. Although exact strategies will be determined by the coalition, initiatives could include hospitals making more of an effort to direct patients to urgent care clinics or doctors providing easier access to care on nights and weekends. Insurance companies could offer financial incentives for patients not to seek unnecessary emergency room care.
The businesses will also advocate for the adoption of technological improvements like telemedicine.
NASCAR at Pocono: TV schedule, standings, qualifying drivers for Pocono 400
Kyle Busch will be looking for his second straight win in Pennsylvania.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 02:11 IST 23 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Kyle Busch
There is no other track in NASCAR quite like Pocono Raceway. The 2.5-mile asphalt track in Pennsylvania has three turns with differing degrees of banking and long straightaways.
However, if Kyle Busch has proved anything in his illustrious NASCAR career it's he can win anywhere, and he will for his second straight win after taking home the checkered flag at the Coca-Cola 600 on Sunday.
Busch also claimed victory at Pocono in July, so he not only carries momentum from this season into the race, but he has historical success at the track.
At the same time, Kevin Harvick will look to get back on the winning track after coming in last in Charlotte. His five wins (four in points races) lead NASCAR this season.
Here's the weekend schedule:
NASCAR at Pocono 2018: TV channel and streaming info
Note: All times are ET
Friday, June 1
11:35 a.m.-12:25 p.m.: Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series practice, FS2
1:05-1:55 p.m.: NASCAR Xfinity Series practice, FS2
3:05-3:55 p.m.: NASCAR Xfinity Series final practice, FS2
4:15 p.m.: Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Busch Pole Qualifying, FS2
Streaming: FuboTV (free 7-day trial)
Saturday, June 2
9:35 a.m.: NASCAR Xfinity Series qualifying, FS1
11:30 a.m.-12:20 p.m.: Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series final practice, FS1
1 p.m.: NASCAR Xfinity Series Pocono Green 250 Recycled by J.P. Mascaro & Sons (100 laps, 250 miles), FS1
Sunday, June 3
2 p.m.: Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Pocono 400 (160 laps, 400 miles), FS1
Streaming: FuboTV
NASCAR Cup Series points standings
The complete standings can be found below.
1. Kyle Busch, 25 playoff points
2. Joey Logano -67, 7 PP
3. Kevin Harvick -88, 24 PP
4. Brad Keselowski -136, 4 PP
5. Martin Truex Jr. -143, 7 PP
6. Kurt Busch -144, 2 PP
7. Denny Hamlin -144, 1 PP
8. Clint Bowyer -152, 5 PP
9. Kyle Larson -191, 0 PP
10. Aric Almirola -197
11. Ryan Blaney -198, 3 PP
12. Jimmie Johnson -246
13. Erik Jones -259
14. Alex Bowman -259
15. Chase Elliott -277
16. Ricky Stenhouse Jr. -277
17. Paul Menard -310, 1 PP
18. Daniel Suarez -328
19. Austin Dillon -329, 5 PP
20. Jamie McMurray -342
21. Ryan Newman -343
22. William Byron -343
23. Darrell Wallace Jr. -345
24. AJ Allmendinger -359
25. David Ragan -370
Which NASCAR Cup Series drivers are racing at Pocono?
There are 39 Cup drivers entered in Sunday's race. Here is the list of participating Cup drivers in alphabetical order by first name:
Aric Almirola
AJ Allmendinger
Alex Bowman
Austin Dillon
Brad Keselowski
Chase Elliott
Chris Buescher
Clint Bowyer
Cole Custer
Cole Whitt
Daniel Suarez
Darrell "Bubba" Wallace Jr.
David Ragan
Denny Hamlin
Derrick Cope
Erik Jones
Gray Gaulding
Jamie McMurray
Jimmie Johnson
Joey Logano
JJ Yeley
Kasey Kahne
Kevin Harvick
Kurt Busch
Kyle Busch
Kyle Larson
Landon Cassill
Martin Truex Jr.
Matt DiBenedetto
Matt Kenseth
Michael McDowell
Paul Menard
Reed Sorenson
Ricky Stenhouse Jr.
Ross Chastain
Ryan Blaney
Ryan Newman
Ty Dillon
William Byron
ISLAMABAD : Chinese Foreign Wang Yi said that China will welcome Pakistan and other Asian countries to participate in the high profile economic forum (BOAO).
BOAO forum is scheduled to meet in Chinese Hainan province on April 8-11 that provides a big opportunity to the regional countries to develop their socio-economic partnership. It is going to take up host of topics of socio-economic interest.
Addressing here a big gathering of foreign dignitaries, Wang Yi highlighted significance of BOAO and said this annual Forum for Asia is a brilliant business card in Hainan, a famous brand in the country, an interactive platform between China and Asia and other countries in the world.
This spring, all parties will once gather in Boao and make a common speech and put forward the Asian proposal on the theme of “an open and innovative Asia with a prosperous and developing world.”
Wang Yi told the participants that 2018 is the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening up and the 30th anniversary of the founding of Hainan Province as a special economic zone.
The development of contemporary China and Hainan are shining brightly by the reform and opening up.
The reform and opening up is a magnificent and great practice not only profoundly changing China but also profoundly changing the world.
Over the past 40 years, China's total economic output has increased from about 300 billion yuan to 83 trillion yuan. Its per capita GDP has risen from less than 400 yuan to about 60,000 yuan, contributing more than 30% to global economic growth. China has actively integrated into the world and has participated in almost all intergovernmental organizations and over 400 international multilateral treaties.
In the past five years in particular, with the strong leadership of the party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, China has been speeding up its all-round deepening reforms and making breakthroughs and pushing forward in depth so as to lay a solid foundation for China's sustained, healthy and stable development in the future, he added.
Orignally published by INP
With summer reading in full swing, now's the perfect time to shake up your reading routine. Or maybe you've even let your reading habit slide a little over the year (It happens to all of us!) and you're looking for some fun ways to encourage yourself to pick it up again over the summer.
One of my favorite things about summer is that it gives me a chance to rearrange my life a little. The season always brings with it new opportunities and fresh energy. With the days longer, summer always makes me feel like I have more space to do things for me.
Which, of course, means that it's the perfect season to amp up my reading. There are tons of simple things you can do to add a little spark to your routine. No matter what your plans are this summer, you can make sure that your reading game is top-notch.
So, as summer begins, start thinking about how you want to make your summer reading extra special. It's easier than you think! Here are some ideas for how to add a little zest into your summer reading. With a book (or ten) in hand this is sure to be the best summer ever.
1 Designate a bar or cafe your summer reading spot. Giphy Sure, you could just stay home to read, but why not treat yourself to an outing instead? This summer, designate a specific bar or cafe your go-to reading spot, and make it a routine. Order a fun drink and settle into a good book for a fun afternoon!
2 Participate in a summer reading program. Giphy Summer reading programs were a staple of my childhood. But the good news is that they're not always limited to kids. A lot of libraries have summer book clubs and rewards programs geared towards adults to keep you turning those pages this summer. Check your local library to see if they're offering a program for you. And no matter where you are, you can always try to complete the Goodreads Ultimate Summer Reading Challenge.
3 Assigns a different genre to every week of the summer. Giphy Keep yourself from getting stuck in one genre. Open up your planner or calendar app and assign a different genre to each week of the summer to keep yourself on your toes.
4 Sign up for a book subscription box. Giphy I know, during the rest of the year, it can be hard to keep up with reading. Which means that summer is the perfect time to try out a book subscription box. Discover new reads and get some sweet swag!
5 Read a book with your BFF. Giphy Make your own mini book club with your BFF! You talk to each other all day every day, so it will be super easy and fun to add a little book chat into the mix.
6 Invest in some cool accessories for poolside reading. Giphy How about a floating book caddy, or even a fun float? With the right bookish pool accessories, you can spend all day in the water with a good read.
7 Plans a quick getaway, and find a book to match it. Giphy Summer's the best time for a quick vacay, and I love reading books that go along with my travel plans. Find a book that you can pair with a day trip or weekend getaway. For instance, you could plan a trip to the Hamptons while you read Rules of Summer by Joanna Philbin.
8 Make yourself a summer reading chart to keep track of your reads. Giphy Listen, I never outgrew stickers. Summer reading charts are a big thing for kids, but who says adults can't join in the fun? Set a goal for books to read, craft yourself a cute chart, and give yourself a sticker every time you finish a read. (Pinterest has some great templates!) By the end of the summer, you'll have a cute memento to show off or even post to Instagram.
9 Plans a weekly trip to the library or bookstore. Giphy During the summer, you have way more freedom with your schedule. Make a weekly trip to the library or bookstore part of your routine, and you'll be sure to always have a fresh read on hand. You could even make it a standing date with your significant other or BFF.
10 Pick a random book from your TBR list. Giphy If you're like me, you've got a TBR list that's hundreds of books long. Instead of reading the most recent book you've put on it, use a random number generator to decide which book to read next. You'll finally get to that book you put on your list ages ago!
11 Concoct summer drink recipes to go along with the books you're reading. Giphy Ahh, there's nothing like a cold drink and a book in your hand. In the style of Tequila Mockingbird, use the book you're reading to inspire your own drink recipes, whether it's a custom cocktail or a super fancy lemonade.
12 Find a book that matches your swimsuit. Giphy They say don't judge a book by its cover, but screw that! Use your swimsuit as inspiration to find a new read, that maybe you wouldn't have picked up otherwise. (Plus, it will look hella cute on Instagram.)
13 Plots out an imaginary road trip to go on through reading. Giphy Take out a map and pick some destinations you've always wanted to go to. Then, find some books to match each place! Read them in order, or mix them up as you like.
14 Read a classic you never got to in high school. Giphy Back in the day, I dreaded my summer reading assignment for school. But now I yearn for the time to dive into a classic. Pick something from the literary canon you missed and dive in.
A Hawaii man accused of killing his mother months ago stuffed her dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.He called 911 on April 11 and said: "'I killed my Mom,'" according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them she was "in the fridge," the complaint said.An officer found what appeared to be body parts."Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot," the complaint said.Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for his preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. He remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that he accidentally killed his mother in September after she became angry when the 26-year-old said he wanted to work instead of going to school.Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Her identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under her Hawaii driver's license.The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police he had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called her phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying his mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left her phone at home.Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because he had attended their church.Gong and his mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher."He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell," she said, adding that it's been several years since she last saw him. "We wanted to give him that spiritual support."Gong moved to Hawaii from China when he was 19, after his mother married an active church parishioner she met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with his mother and step-father to Waikiki so she could pursue a massage business."We just wanted people to know they were a good family" Desaegher said.
It took our competition bureau 14 years to discover this scam, resulting in fines that will be paid by shareholders and not the executive masterminds. It's time we had a competition bureau mob to look after the interests of hard-working Canadians.
A few years ago, a similar issue arose in Italy over pasta price-fixing. The public was outraged and decided to employ the local mafia to settle the scam, since the government was too corrupt.
As a quarter-century Loblaw shareholder, I am deeply ashamed and disgusted with my company's role in fixing the price of a consumer staple. I trust that my fellow shareholders will pursue this nauseating issue with our executives at the May annual meeting and demand accountability, not just a gift card.
Loblaws proudly boasted net earnings of nearly $1 billion in the third quarter of 2017. At the same time, the company is complaining about being forced to pay a living wage.
Have you noticed the cost of a basic loaf of bread these days? It's about $3. If prices had grown at average food inflation rates since 2002, it would be $2.
It's a shame to learn about alleged price-fixing of bread by all of our major grocers. It's symbolic of the problems in our food system, in which a few companies control how and what foods come to our tables, and at what prices.
With grocers' profits and schemes on the backs of consumers, companies and governments need to do more on behalf of people struggling with low incomes, and support affordable alternatives to healthy food.
Darcy Higgins, Toronto
I read with great interest this story about an industry-wide scheme to fix bread prices. The sure-to-ensue class-action suit will attempt to give us back some of our much-kneaded dough (pun intended).
However, it is my sincere hope that those ensuring adherence to the Competition Act will investigate the pricing of gasoline in the Toronto area, where large geographical swaths regularly have prices that differ only by 10ths-of-a-cent, including non-branded retailers.
There is also information online that very accurately forecasts the future price of gasoline. I do not recall the last time there was a real price war for gasoline, which is a true, free-market mechanism that ensures competitive pricing. This situation is the textbook definition of price-fixing.
I spend substantially more on gasoline than on bread, so I would be very interested in an investigation into gasoline price-fixing in the GTA.
Frank Mucci, Oakville
It is a sad state when major grocery chains are alleged to have fixed bread prices for at least 14 years. If they are found to be complicit in this audacious attempt to profit at our expense, fines should be extensive and incarceration should be expeditious.
Do these petty thieves not make enough that they need to fleece their own loyal customers? Loblaw and Weston, being the first to admit involvement, will receive no penalty whatsoever. These turncoats took the easy way out. There is certainly no loyalty on their part, neither to their customers nor to their fellow highwaymen.
Walter Krystia, Toronto
It is mind-boggling to know from the court documents just unsealed that many of the top companies were complicit in fixing bread prices over a period of 14 years. It is shocking to learn many bread suppliers and retailers hatched bread prices under our very noses and that it took so long to find out and curb this criminal activity that affects us all.
The scheme to increase bread prices by 10 cents per product per year, with 3 cents going to the retailer and 7 cents going to the supplier, was made possible by co-ordinated supplier-retail company meetings to secure the pricing alignment. The information in the court documents would appear to be a contravention of the Competition Act.
It is noteworthy that Galen Weston, chairman of Loblaw and Weston, took the high road and admitted his company's role in the price-fixing. We must now hope that other companies involved will follow his example, admit their role and bring this sorry situation to a close. And we must all remain watchful for similar situations.
Rudy Fernandes, Mississauga
To the grocery chains and bread producers who were involved in the price-fixing scheme: Now that it is known you artificially raised the price of bread by 10 cents per year over the course of 14 years, when do you plan to lower the price by $1 per loaf, which would approximate the difference between what you charged per loaf and what the price should have been based on the cost of living over those 14 years?
Rob Reedijk, Toronto
As a friend of the English Royal Family, Galen Weston should know better. In late-16th-century Britain, it was the death penalty for anyone overcharging or under-portioning bread. To avoid such a sentence, a wise baker would add an extra unit to ensure his longevity – hence the origin of the expression, a baker's dozen.
The offer of a $25 gift certificate is a light sentence by comparison. Oh for the good old days.
Timothy Phillips, Toronto
It shouldn't surprise anyone that an oligopoly could get away with gouging Canadians by fixing the price of a basic commodity for 14 years. What is surprising is this only happened with bread prices, when the price of gas seems to rise and fall in unison.
Agostino Di Millo, Toronto
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick Enlarge Photo
To say it's been a rocky time for Uber recently is an understatement. Former president Jeff Jones quit the company after working there for just six months. Waymo is suing Uber over alleged theft of technology. CEO Travis Kalanick was caught berating one of his drivers. A female employee wrote a blog post that exposed a culture of sexual harassment. And there's the matter of a $708 million loss in the first quarter of 2017.
Now we have word, according to The New York Times, that Kalanick is taking a leave of absence.
The announcement came in an email to employees before a company meeting convened to discuss how this $70 billion ride-sharing ship is attempting to create sweeping reforms. In the email, Kalanick said he would take time off to work on himself and reflect on building a “world-class leadership team.” He gave no word on how long he would be away, but this feels very much like Gavin Belson on the HBO show "Silicon Valley" stepping onto his private jet to drift away and rediscover who he is.
ALSO SEE: Amazon to sell cars online?
At the subsequent meeting, Uber released recommendations made by former attorney general Eric Holder on how the company could curtail sexual harassment and other executive wrongdoing. Yet the company is clearly far from heading down that reworked path as board member David Bonderman proved during the meeting with a sexist remark directed at fellow board member Arianna Huffington. Bonderman resigned from the board a few hours later.
Uber was founded by Kalanick back in 2009, along with Garrett Camp. It was Camp's idea and Kalanick gives him full credit. Kalanick was the main advisor at the beginning, as Camp built the company from an idea to the app and into a large company. Camp still serves as chairman.
Besides the issues on the business side, there are personal reasons as to why Kalanick would take some time away. In May, his mother and father were in a boating accident. Sadly, Travis' mother died as a result of the accident, and his father was injured.
As Kalanick steps away from the company he helped balloon into a giant, it will be interesting to see how it changes. His aggressive style of leadership has led to some serious internal issues for Uber, and that massive Q1 loss must weigh heavily on the minds of investors. Still, Uber is used by riders in more than 570 cities across the globe, employs in excess of 12,000 people, and is working its way into the world of autonomous ride-sharing options.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - A tentative five-year labor contract with nearly 35,000 New Jersey state workers includes a pair of 2 percent raises, but the Murphy administration isn't discussing the terms or what the agreement will cost the state.
The only details provided so far have come from the Communication Workers of America, which says the pact achieved its goals.
The union says the proposed deal with Democratic Gov. Tom Murphy for the years 2015 through 2019 lets workers recoup step increases that former Republican Gov. Chris Christie had discontinued. It also spares them from some increases in health insurance premiums.
Murphy spokesman Dan Bryan says the administration is waiting until after the deal is ratified before commenting on it.
Murphy won election last year with the support of organized labor, including the Communication Workers.
'The Godfather' Meets Bruce Springsteen -- How This CEO Aims to Give You a Severe Case of Cultural Whiplash
We talk art and innovation with Andrew Essex, the CEO of the Tribeca Festival, which kicks off this week.
Rookie Brighton DI Team Heading To Global Finals
April 24, 2018
The DI Dabbers, a team of seven 4th and 5th graders from Hornung Elementary and Maltby Intermediate, placed first at the Michigan Destination Imagination State Tournament earlier this month at Michigan State University.
The team, participating for the first time in the Destination Imagination program, competed against 15 other teams from around Michigan. By placing first, they earned the opportunity to compete for Team Michigan at the 2018 Destination Imagination Global Finals in Knoxville, Tennessee May 23rd through the 26th.
As part of this year's challenge, the team was required to create a play about their service project, in which they held a drive to collect items for the homeless. They created backpacks and distributed them to homeless shelters in Ann Arbor this winter. They also competed in an instant challenge, and team officials say they did so well it earned them an overall 1st place rating.
Alison Smith is one of the team's managers and said the surprise of hearing over the Breslin Center loudspeakers that a brand new Destination Imagination program from Brighton Area Schools would go to the global competition was indescribable. Smith described the “sheer joy” on the kid's faces as they ran down to accept the award and that everyone is proud to represent Brighton. She also predicted that the Destination Imagination program would grow exponentially in Brighton.
However, the team will need help funding their trip to Knoxville and will be holding several dine-in fundraisers at various eateries in the area. The first is a Buffalo Wild Wings Night in Green Oak Township next Monday, April 30th. 20% of proceeds will be donated to the team if you mention it to the server. The second dine-out event is at Panera Bread on Grand River in Brighton on the evening of Friday, May 11 from 4-8:00. Panera is another event where 20% of proceeds will be donated. Finally, the team has secured Sunday evening 4-8pm, May 20, at Chipotle on Grand River in Brighton. For the final event, 50% of proceeds are donated to Destination Imagination.
Alternatively, people can donate or sponsor the team directly via their GoFundMe page. The link is below.
The students on the team are: Katelyn Bond, McKenzie Foltyn, Frankie Foltyn, Colter Kashian, Pierce Pettengill, Bella Pipesh, and Drew Smith. The team managers are TJ and Alison Smith. (JK)
The past week in Ontario politics has been equal parts shocking and emotionally wrenching. As a politico who lives, breathes and eats politics, it is safe to say the events that have unfolded in quick rapidity since Jan. 24 have been unprecedented. It is clear that Ontario politics will never be the same.
A few of my less politically inclined friends have asked me for my opinion. Naturally, they are trying to sift through all of the media coverage to make sense of what's happening and what this ultimately means for our province. A few have made comments such as, “Politics disgusts me” or “Politics is so dirty; how can you participate in this stuff.”
While I understand where they are coming from, it saddens me to my core. As a former political staffer at Queen's Park, I always took pride in what I did, and always considered it an honour and privilege to participate in the political process. It was an honour to work for inspiring leaders like Deb Matthews, Michael Chan and Charles Sousa, and to wake up every day knowing I was making the lives of those in my community and province better.
Where else can a 20-something-year-old participate in, for example, creating legislation to outlaw smoking in restaurants or help manage an immigration program for an entire province?
Working at Queen's Park was never a job for me. It was never about the money. It was never about the perceived power. It was always about helping people and giving back. It was always about public service. It still sends chills down my back when I look back at my experiences at the Pink Palace.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman smashed a glass tumbler and slashed her boyfriend's face with it after a trivial argument, but he told a court 'she's wonderful when she's not drunk'.
Jessica Toledo, 29, has been jailed for three and a half years after the brutal attack which left Christopher Orchard with a lifelong visible scar .
Mr Orchard, bleeding from a 7cm gash to his cheek, had fled to the bathroom but drunken Toledo followed him, forced open the door and then wrenched the towel rail from the wall and hit him with it.
But despite the ordeal and his injuries, Mr Orchard has since described Toledo as 'wonderful' when she's not drunk and said she needs help.
He said the scar on his face doesn't bother him, Gloucestershire Live reports.
And the court heard he has remained on good terms with her and has visited her while she has been on remand in custody.
(Image: PA Archive)
At Gloucester Crown Court Toledo, of Stroud, Gloucestershire, pleaded guilty to wounding Mr Orchard with intent to cause him grievous bodily harm on April 1 this year.
Judge Michael Cullum jailed her for three-and-a-half years and told her she must accept she is an alcoholic and never drink again.
Kirsty Real, prosecuting, had told the court the couple had been in a relationship for three years at the time of the attack.
The couple had an argument over something trivial and Mr Orchard then heard a smashing sound coming from the living room of their flat and went to investigate, said Ms Real.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
He found she had smashed a tumbler. She was being angry and confrontational with him and he told her she was pathetic.
He went into the kitchen and when he turned around she was right behind him.
Ms Real said: "She lunged at him and he felt a warm feeling on his face. She had the broken glass in her hand and it was the left side of his face that was bleeding.
"He got a tea towel and put it to his face. He dialled 999 and went to lock himself in the bathroom. The door is faulty and she forced it open. She ripped the towel rail from the wall and hit him on the head with it.
"On the advice of the 999 operator he left the flat. The police arrived and arrested her."
Toledo had made eight previous court appearances for earlier offences, the court heard.
In a victim impact statement Mr Orchard said Toledo is a wonderful woman when not drunk and he is not scared of her when she is sober.
Joe Maloney, defending, said: "The events of that night were fuelled by alcohol. They had been out for a meal and consumed alcohol and when they got home they polished off a bottle of spirits between them. For a woman with her difficulties that was unwise.
"She is truly sorry for what happened."
He said he believes Mr Orchard is still her boyfriend and he has visited her in prison pending sentence.
Judge Cullum told her: "You have to accept, admit and move on from the fact that you are an alcoholic. You can never drink again.
"It is drink that has brought you to prison today."
The attack on Mr Orchard, he said, had been 'determined and deliberate' and had left him with potential nerve damage and a lifelong visible scar.
There's no doubting that the Carolina Panthers need to address the interior of their offensive line in the draft, but this should be done after day one.
The departure of All-Pro guard Andrew Norwell leaves a gaping hole between the Kalil brothers. Several analysts believe the Panthers should grab a prospect like UTEP's Will Hernandez, Georgia's Isaiah Wynn or Iowa's James Daniels at pick No. 24 overall.
Either of those potential draftees would bolster Carolina's offensive line and potentially replace center Ryan Kalil in 2019.
However, there are some pretty talented prospects that can be found on day two and beyond, while allowing general manager Marty Hurney to go a different direction in round one.
Lots of value can be found on day two and three of the draft, so let's take a look at four of these players that can have an impact in Carolina.
Frank Ragnow | Arkansas | Round 2
The strong and versatile Frank Ragnow has been linked to the Panthers and is a fan favorite to fill multiple needs along the offensive front.
At 6-foot-5 and 309 pounds, Ragnow was an anchor in the middle for the Razorbacks. A natural-born leader, his character and work ethic would enable a seamless transition from Ryan Kalil at center in 2019.
For now, Carolina can use the ex-Arkansas captain at left guard, a position that he is more than capable of playing. If the Panthers feel that Tyler Larsen is the future at center, they can keep Ragnow at guard and have no regrets.
He is not the most athletic prospect, but Ragnow is technically sound, tough and will dominate defenders for four quarters.
You can purchase gifts to make a difference at Rochester's largest fair trade market this weekend.
For the 11th straight year, Our Savior's Lutheran Church invites the public to shop for fair trade goods that are bought directly from people that make them. Artisans from around the world are paid a fair price for the crafts and items they make.
You can enjoy items from 20 vendors. Many items are unique like bowls made from telephone wire and paper made from elephant dung.
The market runs Friday from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., and Sunday from 8 a.m. until 2 p.m.
SO OFTEN Easter Monday games deliver performances that are as appealing as a stale hot-cross bun.
However, Wakefield Trinity and Wigan Warriors conspired yesterday to produce an enthralling, hard-fought and suitably tense game which made a refreshing change at this time of year. The only problem for Wakefield was they did not manage to eke out a positive result against the reigning champions when their display warranted a point.
Wigan, who had won their fierce Good Friday derby with St Helens, infamously lost here 62-0 12 months ago but just had that little bit extra class at the critical moment this time around.
That said, it was not until young Wigan winger Liam Marshall grabbed his ninth try in seven games as late as the 77th minute – the only score of an absorbing second period – that the visitors could breathe easily.
Wakefield head coach Chris Chester had described his side as “soft” and “clueless” at times during the Good Friday defeat at Castleford when they trailed 36-12 at half-time. However, they were anything but here as they challenged the World Club champions across the park with energy, commitment and vigour.
“I thought we deserved something out of it,” he admitted. “They were two evenly-matched sides and to not come away with anything is disappointing.
I thought we were really physical and defended very well. If we keep playing like that, we will win more than we lose. Wakefield coach Chris Chester
“The effort was fantastic, we just lacked any real patience down their end. It was just the final pass and there were four or five penalties in the second half that really hurt us.”
The latter point was certainly true; it was one of those days when few of the 50/50 calls seemed to go Wakefield's way just when they needed a couple to do just that. Furthermore, they lost second-row Matty Ashurst to a calf tear inside the opening minutes and both fellow forwards Dean Hadley (shoulder) and Micth Allgood (suspected broken hand) departed early, too. Chester added: “We had to do it tough, losing a couple of bodies early doors. We ran out of fit blokes at the end but there are lots to be pleased about.
“I thought we were really physical and defended very well. If we keep playing like that, we will win more than we lose.”
Well-served by the likes of centre Mason Caton-Brown and hard-running prop Keegan Hirst, who both came into the side, and forceful winger Tom Johnstone, they were undoubtedly competitive throughout.
The hosts were the better side in the first half and unfortunate to be 12-10 down at the turnaround. The game was level at 6-6 when centre Anthony Gelling, in his 100th game for Wigan, was sin-binned for a dangerous tackle, lifting Caton-Brown's leg in the 29th minute before the centre nosedived back to the ground.
However, Allgood fumbled in the next set – something Wakefield did too often when they gained a good attacking position – and the visitors were let off the hook.
Instead, the champions, who had struggled for any decent strike chances aside from captain Sean O'Loughlin's fifth-minute converted opener, actually went ahead four minutes later when still down to 12 men.
Winger Thomas Davies made a fine kick return to get Wakefield on the backfoot and then England stand-off George Williams crabbed across field before turning back inside to find France full-back Morgan Escare flying though from halfway.
He showed great pace to round Scott Grix and converted his own try as well.
However, when Wakefield forced Wigan's Ryan Sutton into an error in the visitor's' own 20, this time they capitalised.
Liam Finn spread the ball wide for Grix to find enough space to supply Ben Jones-Bishop, the winger who finished well for his sixth try in just five games.
Finn failed to convert from wide out but Wakefield were clearly in the mood.
It was Finn who had kept the ball alive on the last tackle in the ninth minute to create their first try, Grix then finding Ashley Gibson who dinked a perfect grubber through for Grix to collect and twist out of Escare's tackle to score on his 200th Super League appearance.
Finn again could not add the extras but levelled the game with a 24th minute penalty.
In the second period, Wigan applied most of the pressure but Caton-Brown – in with Gibson for injured centres Joe Arundel and Bill Tupou – produced a timely tackle on Escare and then Wakefield rallied brilliantly to hold up Sam Powell.
It was not until after the hour mark they had any chance of note themselves but, first, Miller and, then, Wood, chose poor options near the Wigan line.
Wakefield Trinity: Grix; Jones-Bishop, Gibson, Caton-Brown, Johnstone; Miller, Finn; Huby, Wood, England, Ashurst, Hadley, Arona. Substitutes: Hirst, Allgood, Kirmond, Fifita.
Wigan Warriors: Escare; Davies, Gelling, Forsyth, Marshall; Williams, Leuluai; Flower, Powell, Tautai, J Tomkins, Farrell, O'Loughlin. Substitutes: Nuuausala, Sutton, Navarette, Gregson.
Referee: Jack Smith (Wigan)
Another person has died as a result of the food-borne disease listeriosis‚ the Gauteng health department said on Monday.
Spokesperson Lesemang Matuka said a pregnant woman had died of the disease in Pretoria. Matuka said he would share more information once officials have received a report from the infection control team.
The national health department issued a warning of the listeriosis outbreak last week. At the time‚ Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi said a total of 557 cases had been detected this year alone‚ with 36 deaths recorded in the last 11 months.
The country usually records 60-80 infections each year but it was not clear whether any of these had resulted in fatalities since the disease has not been deemed a notifiable disease before this year.
“Most cases (62%) have been reported from Gauteng province‚” Motsoaledi said‚ adding that the province had accounted for 345 of the cases reported.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Police announced Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tucson SUV they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.
Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in his hotel room. A dozen of them included "bump stocks," attachments that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons.
In a rare concession on gun control, the National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating the devices.
Danley told FBI agents Wednesday she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Investigators combing through his background for clues remain stumped as to his motive.
The profile developed so far is of a "disturbed and dangerous" man who acquired an arsenal over decades, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said. But investigators have been frustrated to find that he lived a "secret life," Lombardo said, "much of which will never be fully understood."
A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno said Paddock had a "god complex" and expected quick service without regard to how busy the staff was at the time.
"He liked everybody to think that he was the guy," John Weinreich said. "He didn't boast about anything he had or anything. It was just his demeanour. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long.'
The weekend before the massacre, he rented a room through Airbnb at the 21-story Ogden condominiums in downtown Las Vegas and stayed there during a music festival below that included Chance the Rapper, Lorde and Blink-182.
Police were reviewing video shot at the high-rise to check Paddock's movements. His renting the condo was curious because, as a high-roller, he could have easily gotten a free room at one of the casino hotels on the Vegas Strip.
In early August, Paddock booked a room at Chicago's 21-story Blackstone Hotel that overlooked the park where the Lollapalooza alternative music festival was being held, though there's no evidence he actually stayed there, a law enforcement official said Thursday.
The official was not authorized to discuss the case publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation.
The hotel confirmed a Stephen Paddock made a reservation but said he never checked in.
Lollapalooza draws hundreds of thousands of music fans every year to Grant Park.
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago; Andrew Dalton, in Los Angeles; Alanna Durkin Richer in Boston; Jonathan J. Cooper in Reno; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas; and Sadie Gurman and Erica Werner in Washington contributed to this report.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
By Michael Balsamo And Brian Melley, The Associated Press
WWE News: Raw ratings down again
How much did the ratings drop?
@JamesJVaccaro by Jamie Vaccaro News 15 Feb 2017, 13:19 IST
The people that are tuning out of Raw probably made the list.
What's the story?
According to a report from Cageside Seats, Raw ratings dropped again this week, but it wasn't that bad.
In case you didn't know...
Raw last week drew 3.11 million viewers on an average over the three-hour broadcast. That was down half a million viewers as opposed to the show that broadcast on the night after the 2017 Royal Rumble.
The heart of the matter
It would appear that WWE has found a groove now that they are deep on the road to WrestleMania. The drop between last week's episode of Raw and the previous week's episode was somewhat expected.
This week saw another drop, but it wasn't nearly as significant of a drop in viewers. The episode of Raw that aired last night drew 3.07 million viewers, which is only a drop of around forty thousand viewers, or 0.04 million. When looking at the hour-by-hour numbers, they showed the normal pattern, but with less of a decline.
Hour one averaged 3.20 million viewers. Hour two averaged 3.15 million viewers, only losing about fifty thousand viewers from the first hour of the show. Hour three showed the usual drop as the show has become accustomed to, falling to 2.91 million viewers.
Comparing these numbers to the previous week's numbers indicates some worrisome information, as well as a silver lining to the cloud of declining ratings. We have previously reported about the trend in declining ratings for Raw from hour one to hour three, and you can read that full article here.
The episode of Raw that aired on February 6th, averaged 3.11 million viewers with the following breakdown. The first hour pulled in 3.33 million viewers, whereas the second hour lost 170,000 viewers to 3.16 million. The third hour on that night averaged 2.84 million viewers.
While Raw had 133,000 fewer viewers from the beginning this week, they also lost fewer viewers over the course of the night, especially over the last hour. The third hour of Raw this week beat the third hour of Raw last week, which is something that doesn't happen very often.
What's next?
The next episode of Raw will air on February 20th, 2017 and will feature the fallout from the Festival of Friendship, as well as how Charlotte will react to losing her championship again.
Sportskeeda's Take
This is a glass-half-full situation for the WWE as far as Raw is concerned. Not as many people tuned in, but not as many people tuned out either. They will have to hope that strong word of mouth from this show drives more viewers to tune in next week.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
In seven months, Westfall Technik has made six acquisitions in injection molding, prototyping, and moldmaking.
In just seven months, an integrated group of injection molding, prototyping, and moldmaking companies with six operations from coast to coast, over 200 injection machines from 28 to 1000 tons, and nearly 1000 employees has emerged through a series of strategic acquisitions. The new holding company behind this burst of activity is called Westfall Technik, based in Chandler, Ariz., and founded last year by former Nypro CEO Brian Jones. Its managing director is Rick Shaffer, a plastics industry veteran with previous posts at Beloit, Demag, Van Dorn Demag, and Netstal. The firm is backed by two New York-based private-equity firms, Lee Equity Partners and Blackbern Partners. Between last October and this past May, Westfall took what the firm describes as “the first steps in the realization of a vision to build a market-leading group of plastics experts whose combined synergies and integrated network provides optimum engineered solutions throughout the plastics manufacturing process.” Westfall Technik plans to continue to grow through acquisitions and internal, “organic” growth. The company's ambitions are reflected in referring to itself as a “global holding company.”
The firm launched itself into production operations with the acquisitions last October of Fairway Injection Molds Inc., a moldmaker in Walnut, Calif.; and Integrity Mold Inc., a full-service injection molder in Tempe, Ariz. That was followed in February by the addition of two prototyping and short-run molding businesses—10 Day Parts Inc. (formerly known as Advanced Technology Inc.), Corona, Calif.; and Elfy's Inc., Hayward, Calif. In March, Westfall Technik purchased AMS Plastics Inc., a medical-oriented injection molder in El Cajon, Calif., with molding operations in Tijuana, Mexico. April brought the acquisition of AMA Plastics Inc., a fairly large injection molder in Riverside, Calif. And the group expanded to the East Coast with May's addition of NPI Medical Inc., Ansonia, Conn.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — The husband of a woman killed in a Dillons parking lot is suing the grocery store for negligence.
The Wichita Eagle reports 60-year-old Annette Hedke died in February 2015 after slipping in the parking lot and then struck by a vehicle driven by Dillons employee Christopher Schrader.
Schrader was charged with involuntary manslaughter, driving under the influence and other crimes. He was sentenced to nearly six years in prison.
Sean Brennan, Dennis Hedke's attorney, says it's unclear whether Schrader was working at the time of the accident.
The suit, asking for more than $75,000, says Dillons should have been aware of Schrader's alcohol problem that's shown from a previous felony DUI conviction.
Dillons spokewoman Sheila Lowrie said she could not comment on the suit, but that the company “remains deeply saddened by the tragic death of Mrs. Hedke.”
CLAIM
At an Arizona town hall event, Sen. Jeff Flake told constituents "we can't rely on solar power because we can't tell people they will not have lights during the night."
mixture
RATING
mixture
WHAT'S TRUE
Senator Jeff Flake made the remark attributed to him (in paraphrased form) during a town hall meeting in Mesa, Arizona, on 13 April 2017.
WHAT'S FALSE
The full context of Senator Flake's remark showed he was aware that solar energy can be stored and was not suggesting solar power technology was useless at night.
ORIGIN
On 13 April 2017, Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona took part in a town hall meeting with some of his constituents that, like several other such events held by U.S. Congress members in the early part of the year, proved to be something of a contentious one for the Republican U.S. senator:
Sen. Jeff Flake encountered a raucous audience at a town hall meeting in Mesa, Arizona. Constituents peppered the Republican lawmaker with questions about President Donald Trump's actions in office, and his broader agenda on climate change, the president's taxes, the Supreme Court and Planned Parenthood. Much like other GOP town halls held since Trump assumed the Oval Office, attendees railed against Flake, many of whom accused him of being a rubber stamp for Trump. Flake, like Reps. Jason Chaffetz, Mike Coffman, and Sen. Mitch McConnell before him, attempted to answer the audience's concerns, though most explanations drew shouts and boos from the crowd. Though Flake's town hall did not appear to have a large presence of demonstrators as those of some high-profile congress members in recent months, Flake at times struggled to contend with fits of chanting and jeering from the crowd at the Mesa Convention Center. Not all of the questions were hostile, and some constituents applauded Flake for sharing his time. The senator extended the meeting by one hour to take more questions, but the mood frequently returned to a bitter note. “Can you just remind me when you're up for reelection,” one woman asked. The audience erupted in cheers at the question.
During that town hall meeting, Senator Flake engaged in a several-minute exchange with a constituent who urged the lawmaker to support efforts to promote alternative energy sources over fossil fuels and address climate change issues. One small portion of that exchange was later incorporated into an image macro that was widely spread online to make it appear as if the senator were ignorant about the basics of solar power:
Portraying people as fools for proclaiming that wind and solar power technologies don't work when the wind isn't blowing or the sun isn't shining is a common trope (revealing them to be unaware of the basic fact that energy derived from intermittent production sources is typically stored via batteries or other methods to be used during periods of non-production). However, although Senator Flake did make the statement attributed to him (actually expressed by him as “you can't tell people we're gonna turn off your power at night because the sun isn't shining”), in this case that trope has been unfairly applied to him, as his comment has been stripped of context that showed it to be not so foolish or unreasonable.
As video of the town hall event captures, Senator Flake engaged a constituent (who introduced himself as a major in the U.S. Army Reserve and a recent graduate of Arizona State University with a degree in Sustainability) in a fairly extensive conversation about alternative energy sources, with the constituent advocating the promotion of solar power technologies in Arizona, given that the state is blessed with an abundance of sunshine. In response, the senator didn't disdain the idea by expressing the absurd concept that solar energy wouldn't be available at night. Rather, Flake's contention was that battery technology was not yet sufficiently developed to be able to store enough solar-derived energy to provide “base load power” to cities during non-daylight hours, and thus the use of solar energy exclusively was not yet feasible — that if we wished to completely eliminate our use of fossil fuels, for the time being solar power would have to be supplemented by other non-carbon energy sources, such as nuclear power.
This discussion of alternative energy sources begins at the 13:00 mark in the following video, with Senator Flake's now-infamous comment occurring a 18:20 — after more than five minutes of back-and-forth that established the context in which he made it:
As the constituent interrupted the senator's remarks by interjecting “battery … battery” (contending solar energy can be harvested and stored), Flake responded by saying that “what we've gotta do is we've gotta have baseload power now … you can't tell people we're going to turn off your power at night because the sun isn't shining.”
Clearly, Senator Flake was aware that solar-derived energy can be stored in batteries for later use, as the point he was disputing with his constituent was the state of the art in battery technology — Flake maintained batteries couldn't currently provide “base load power” levels to cities, while the constituent countered by referencing a solar energy station built by Tesla on the Hawaiian island of Kauai:
Renewable energy supplies are great because they produce power without filling the air with pollution. Yet, once the sun goes down solar panels become pretty useless. But Tesla and Hawaii have a solution that'll use the sun's rays both day and night using Powerpacks built at the Gigafactory. The Kapaia project is a combination 13MW SolarCity solar farm and 53MWh Tesla Powerpack station on the island of Kauai. In partnership with the KIUC (Kauai Island Utility Cooperative) the project will store the sun's energy during the day and release it at night. The station (along with Kauai's other renewable resource solutions including wind and biomass) won't completely keep the island from using fossil fuels but it will temper the need. In addition to using Tesla's station to battle the island's incredibly high electric bills, it's also part of a long-term Hawaii-state plan to be completely powered by renewable energy sources by 2045. Kauai has its own goal of using 70 percent renewable energy by 2030. With this project the island is getting closer to that goal and can now produce 100 percent of the energy it needs during high usage mid days and low loads via renewables during a brief period of time.
Whether Senator Flake was right or wrong about the particulars of the current state of solar energy and battery technologies, he did demonstrate a working awareness of the manner in which energy from the sun is collected and stored, and he did not express a belief that dependence on solar energy would necessarily mean residents would have to go without power at night. The video of the town hall event shows that Senator Flake and a constituent disagreed about the current scalability of power gathered from the sun but were not in disagreement about the existence of solar technologies or the availability of sun-harvested energy at night. Nonetheless, the senator's remarks were misleadingly truncated and altered (replacing “power” with “lights”) and shared online in a form that falsely suggested he did not understand how solar power works.
City Reporter
Lahore Press Club Literary Committee is organizing a Natia Muhaira at Faiz Ahmad Faiz auditorium on Thursday (tomorrow) at 4.00 pm.
Dr Hassan Askari Kazmi will preside over it while prominent poets including Allama Bashir Rizmi, Ashraf Javed, Jamshed Azam Chisti, Wahid Amber, Gulzar Bokhari, Hassan Kazmi, Iqbal Rahi, Javed Qasim, Abu Al-Hassan Khawar, Arslan Arsal, Dr Sagheer Ahmad Sagheer, Tariq Chugtai and other will present Natia poetry.
Jobs roundup: Guerrilla Games' Angie Smets joins GDC board Sony UK losing marketing director, promotion and departure at DeltaDNA, senior hires at esports VC and more
James Batchelor UK Editor Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
It can be difficult keeping track of the various comings and goings in the games industry, which is why we compile them in semi-regular round-ups.
If you have new appointments or transitions in your company that belong here, please email newhires@gamesindustry.biz.
Sony UK loses marketing director
GamesIndustry.biz has learned UK marketing director Rich Keen will leave the platform holder in November. You can read the full story here.
Guerilla Games' Angie Smets joins GDC board The organisers of the Game Developers Conference have announced a new addition to the advisory board that helps shape the annual event, Gamasutra reports.
Angie Smets currently holds the position of executive producer at Amsterdam-based developer Guerilla Games, a role she served in during work on this year's hit new IP Horizon Zero Dawn. She has also worked on the studio's popular Killzone series.
She joins a board that already includes PS4 architect Mark Cerny, Uncharted director Amy Hennig and Media Molecule boss Siobhan Reddy.
Tobias Gustavsson joins Paradox as head of music The publisher has hired award-winning composer Tobias Gustavsson as its new Head of Music. Gustavsson has already worked with Paradox on the soundtrack for titles such as Europa Universalis, Hearts of Iron and Colossal Order's Cities: Skylines.
In addition to his work in games, the composer has worked with a number of popular singers and musicians, having written songs for Nelly Furtado and tours with the likes of Britney Spears, Kylie Minogue and Deep Purple.
You can find out more about this appointment here.
Senior hires at BITKRAFT Esport Ventures Investment firm BITKRAFT Esport Ventures has hired two new executives, The Esports Observer reports.
Minard Hamily joins as partner, having previoulsy been an executive at JAMDAT Mobile, Sports Technologies and eByline. He also held several positions at ESPN, including senior vice president of ESPN International.
Meanwhile, Greg Essig has been named head of business and product strategy at the company's Santa Monica Office. He previously led Mobcrush's business development initiatives and managed the game section of Apple's App Store during its early days.
Curve Digital hires Sold Out's George Morgan UK publisher Curve Digital has hired George Morgan as its new product manager. Morgan previously held the same role at Sold Out, where he helped launch Sniper Elite 4 and the retail version of Elite Dangerous. He announced the move via Twitter.
Conspexit names new board member The London-based start-up has appointed Robby Yung as the latest member of its board. Yung is a bsuiness specialist from China, currently serving as CEO of Hong Kong app developer Animoca Brands.
Promotion and departure at DeltaDNA The analytics firm has promoted Dr Isaac Roseboom to the newly-created role of chief strategy officer. He previously served as head of insight, prior to which he was an astrophysicist working on the Hubble Telescope. You can read more about his appointment here.
Meanwhile, GamesIndusrtry.biz has learned DeltaDNA's head of market has departed the firm. He has taken up the role of senior marketing manager at YoYo Games, the firm behind accessible development software GameMaker:Studio.
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — A winter storm expected to hit the Northeast is forcing at least one college basketball team to alter its travel plans for the third round of the NCAA Tournament.
West Virginia's athletic department announced Monday night the Mountaineers will leave a day early for Boston. WVU says it will depart Morgantown on Tuesday instead of Wednesday.
Fifth-seeded West Virginia meets top-seeded Villanova in the East Region semifinals at TD Garden on Friday night.
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to hit New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Massachusetts early Thursday.
Pacific Rim: Uprising knows how you like your robots: Huge, and piloted by John Boyega speaking in his actual English accent. Also it knows how you like your Kaiju monsters — larger than ever before and with “evolved” abilities.
The new trailer of the movie makes the sequel to Guillermo Del Toro's loving mega monster flick look like a very, very fun ride that succeeds by embracing fully what it is, and generally rollicking in giant-scale combat among city fixtures.
Things look perhaps a bit more Power Rangers here than in the first movie, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Even so, things could still go very wrong with this sequel — but let's hope it goes very well and we get Pacific Rim sequels forever in perpetuity. I basically want it to be the Fast & Furious of the Kaiju genre.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire East Conservatives have hit back after Labour claims that the council has done nothing over bullying allegations, saying the majority of staff reported they were more than happy in their roles.
The Tories hit back after Labour group leader Sam Corcoran claimed in the press that the ruling Conservative group at the council has done nothing over the allegations.
This has been strongly denied by Cheshire East's deputy leader Liz Wardlaw.
“Cheshire East requested a review of the culture within the council after a perception that there are significant issues relating to bullying and harassment.
“Ten per cent of staff surveyed in 2016 surveyed raised concerns about a bullying culture within the council after which we undertook a number of initiatives to get to the root of these claims,” said Cllr Wardlaw (Con).
“These included organising staff survey action plans and focus groups, setting up a range of wellbeing at work initiatives and a review around our whistleblowing process
“The surveys resulted in a review, which saw the acting chief executive, head of strategic HR and other HR colleagues all interviewed as well as a number of councillors. We also set up focus groups with staff, managers and trade union representatives, with the results published on 29 January.
“As Cllr Corcoran states in his letter, over 200 members of staff shared that they had experienced bullying over the previous six months, 14% of respondees.
“90% of respondents said they were treated with respect and many commented on the noticeable improvement in the organisation in the last year.
“The national average for an organisation the size of Cheshire East is 20% but despite this the Conservative-led council has immediately embarked on a whole cultural transformation programme which is supported by consultants, Sticky Change, for a year.
“However Cllr Corcoran continues to criticise with little thought or respect for colleagues, never mind the morale of staff at Cheshire East or indeed the opportunity of members cross-party to contribute and set culture in Cheshire East; indeed he refused to support the member/officer protocol at Corporate Scrutiny Committee, despite the concern expressed by members of staff as to relationships with elected members.
“Any good leader recognises when to rise above the usual criticisms, I suggest this is one such case.
“Sadly, criticism and condemnation are Cllr Corcoran's preferred tools irrespective of the impact or achievements of others.”
The request was so minimal, it was surprising the answer wasn't just an immediate yes. Tarek Loubani, the Canadian doctor injured treating Palestinian victims of Israeli sniper fire, asked the Trudeau government last month for $15 million to help pay for solar panels to provide desperately-needed energy at Gaza hospitals.
Dr. Tarek Loubani asked the Canadian government for $15 million to help pay for solar panels to provide more electricity to hospitals in Gaza. Dr. Tarek Loubani, a Canadian doctor, was shot and wounded in the Gaza attacks on Monday May 14, 2018. He has since asked the federal government for $15 million to help pay for solar panels to provide electricity to Gaza hospitals.
Given the ongoing crisis in Gaza, where 135 Palestinians have been killed and more than 3,000 injured while taking part in weekly protests at the Israeli border over the last three months, it doesn't seem like a lot to ask of Canada, which was once seen as an honest broker — if not an important player — in the Mideast conflict. So the Trudeau government's hesitation points to the extraordinary power of the pro-Israel lobby, which is determined to keep Ottawa in line with the rigidly pro-Israel stance adopted by Stephen Harper's Conservatives. Justin Trudeau has differentiated himself from Harper by showing some willingness to criticize Israel, describing its use of live ammunition against protestors as “inexcusable” and calling for an independent investigation into a particularly bloody day of protest in response to Donald Trump's decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.
Article Continued Below
But Trudeau toned down his criticism after attacks from Conservatives and pro-Israel groups, and Canada abstained on a UN General Assembly vote condemning Israel for disproportionate use of force. For years, Israel has claimed it is acting in self-defence, even though Palestinians have been essentially defenceless against its state-of-the-art military hardware. But the recent killings have helped dramatize the lop-sided nature of the conflict — with thousands of unarmed men, women and children gathering in open view at the border as Israeli snipers have picked them off, with about as much difficulty as shooting fish in a barrel. Loubani, who teaches medicine at University of Western Ontario, was shot in the leg while standing about 25 metres from protestors and wearing full hospital greens. Beyond denouncing the violence, Canada needs to revive its commitment to dealing with the root of this conflict – that millions of Palestinians have been living under military occupation for more than 50 years, with Israel effectively annexing their land for settlements that now house more than 500,000 Israelis. (Israel “withdrew” from Gaza in 2005, but has maintained a land, sea and air blockade around it.)
Officially, Canada has long opposed the Israeli occupation. According to the Canadian government website, Canadian government website Canada supports UN Resolution 242 calling for Israel to withdraw to its 1967 borders, and endorses “the creation of a sovereign, independent, viable, democratic and territorially contiguous Palestinian state.” In practice, however, Canada has done little in recent years to advance or even show support for this goal.
Article Continued Below
In 2016, the Trudeau Liberals supported an outrageous Conservative motion that condemned any Canadian organization or individual promoting the Palestinian call for boycotts and sanctions against Israel until it abides by international law. So while Canada officially condemns the occupation, it also condemns bringing pressure on Israel to end the occupation through boycotts or sanctions – even though these non-violent measures are routinely used by many countries, including Canada. Last fall, for instance, the Trudeau government imposed sanctions on Venezuela – a struggling nation facing a revolt led by its wealthy elite. Ottawa increased its sanctions against Venezuela in May, citing “illegitimate and anti-democratic presidential elections” — while at the same time Israel was killing protestors and shooting a Canadian doctor without prompting any sanctions from Canada. (Indeed, even advocating such sanctions gets you in trouble in Canada!) Canadians don't appear to share Trudeau's reluctance to put pressure on Israel. An EKOS poll last year found that 66 per cent of Canadians consider sanctions against Israel “reasonable” to ensure its respect for international law. That polling suggests that Canadians, rather than condemning the international boycott movement, might like Canada to join it. Certainly, I bet Canadians would support Ottawa helping out with solar panels for Gaza hospitals where electricity is limited to four hours a day, making it difficult to carry out normal hospital functions, let alone treat shooting victims. Surely even Conservatives and pro-Israel groups wouldn't object to Palestinians having functioning incubators and dialysis machines. Linda McQuaig is a Toronto-based freelance contributing columnist for the Star. Follow her on Twitter: @LindaMcQuaig
Read more about:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two of Britain's biggest banks have joined a wave of lenders to raise mortgage rates.
Barclays and RBS-owned NatWest are acting before an expected doubling of the base rate by the Bank of England.
At least 20 firms have raised fixed-rate deals since September 21.
David Hollingworth, of London & Country Mortgages, said: "This is the beginning of the end for very cheap mortgages and will push up out goings for households when they come to get a new mortgage, adding to higher inflation in general."
Barclays yesterday increased two year fixed-rate mortgages by up to 0.2%. NatWest hiked its two and five year fixed-rate deals by up to 0.9%.
The lender raised 45 fixed-rate deals in total. The biggest jump is on a five-year fixed-rate deal for those remortgaging who need to borrow 85% of the value of their home. The rate has soared from 2.38% to 3.28%.
The rises follow speculation that the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee will double the base rate to 0.5% next month.
Barclays said: "The slight increase in rates on part of our product range is due to an increase in the cost of funding."
The rate hikes came as a shortage of homes for sale fuelled a pickup in house prices last month. The average property leapt 4% in value year on year, marking the highest figure since a 5.1% increase seen in February, said the Halifax.
The average house price across the UK in September is now £225,109.
PARIS — Despite all of Novak Djokovic's success over the years — the 12 major championships, the career Grand Slam, the time ranked No. 1 — he still finds himself searching for self-confidence these days.
That's what an elbow injury and forced absence from the ATP tour can do to a player.
Djokovic was reflective and revealing Wednesday after moving into the third round at the French Open by virtue of a self-described up-and-down performance in a 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 victory over 155th-ranked Jaume Antoni Munar Clar of Spain. Both of Djokovic's matches so far have been against qualifiers; neither win was particularly impressive.
"At the moment, I'm not playing at the level I wish to, but at the same time, I understand that it is the process that obviously takes time," said Djokovic, whose seeding of No. 20 is his lowest at a Slam in 12 years. "And I'm trying to not give up."
At least he got through in straight sets, saving energy for whatever might come next at Roland Garros. Other leading men were forced to work a lot harder in matches they would have been expected to breeze through: No. 2-seeded Alexander Zverev, No. 4 Grigor Dimitrov and No. 19 Kei Nishikori all faced two-sets-to-one deficits and all emerged to win Wednesday.
Zverev was down by a set and a break early — and down a racket he'd obliterated by then, too — before collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2. Dimitrov was two points from defeat against 21-year-old American Jared Donaldson but won 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes and featured a couple of underhand serves by the cramping Donaldson. Nishikori got past Benoit Paire of France 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
A reporter asked Zverev about what he told himself while trailing in order to turn his match around.
The 21-year-old German scoffed at the premise.
"I mean, you guys make it sound like we think about it, really. We don't. We just try to play and win each point, each game. Being two sets to one down is like being a set (behind) in a three-set match. We're not going to overthink it: 'Oh, I'm two sets to one down. What am I going to do? How am I going to play the next point?'" he responded. "We try to play our best. We try to maybe change a few tactics and see how we can win the next point and the next game."
The lengths, if not quality, of those matches were what amounted to on-court intrigue on Day 4 at the clay-court major, because there really was little in the way of stunning outcomes. The only top-16-seeded man or woman who lost was No. 12 Sam Querrey of the U.S., and he's only once been as far as the third round in 12 appearances at Roland Garros.
× Expand inFront Native - April 2018
There's an old saying in business, "If you think you have a problem, you probably do." If you think that your mustering process is lacking, it probably is. However, it can be difficult to judge the state of the site's ability to muster because most sites do not possess the most important ingredient for an accurate assessment: Reliable information.
The best way to assess your mustering process is to put it to these tests:
Pace. Can your site collect and analyze data fast enough to empower the Emergency Response Team (ERT) to conduct rescue operations? A good benchmark is 15 minutes when mustering a full site. If your site can provide an accurate and manageable list of names of those unaccounted for in 15 minutes or less, then you're in pretty good shape. For unit level emergencies, the list must be ready in under 5 minutes. If not, the ERT risks converting the mission from rescue to recovery. Accessibility and Clarity. Is your data easy to understand so that the Incident Commander can quickly assess the situation and make decisions? Can all stakeholders access the information and collaborate? In most cases, sites are trying to sift through stacks of paper or dense onscreen lists. This often renders the data useless because the basis for the mustering scenario has changed based on wind, escalation, human behavior or other variables. Data should be streaming in real time and offer detailed, actionable information that is easy to understand. In other words, make sure that you've equipped your responders with information they can use. You'll know where you stand if you ask your ERT if they are confident in their ability to quickly translate the data into decisions. Accuracy. Can you trust that the data that reaches the Incident Command is correct? This sounds simple but the traditional methods (paper based mustering or badge system-based mustering) create gaps that cause the data to be inaccurate. Manual, paper based processes amount to a complex game of "telephone" wherein much of the data is collected manually and then communicated to the Incident Command. We all know what happens in a telephone game. While badging systems are well built to control access. their data capture and architecture result in errors about the presence of people on site.
Most sites use either a manual system or an adaptation of their security badging system to count people in muster events. The problem is that neither provide for the basic needs of the emergency response organization with data that is critical for either managing the emergency or for post event analysis.
Want to get a better handle on emergency mustering? Let inFRONT help you get started with a free analysis of your mustering process. Register here for a 2 part analysis to 1) assess the current state of your process and 2) discuss opportunities to close the gaps.
Request a complementary consultation to identify improvements in your mustering process.
A woman is suing rappers Drake and Future after she was raped at one of their concerts.
The unnamed woman claims a man associated with the Nashville venue, Bridgestone Arena, told her he would take her backstage to meet with the stars, but instead violently attacked her and raped her, according to The Tennessean.
The 28-year-old woman is now suing the stars for $25 million, along with the security company and venue, alleging they all should have known better when employing the man, Leavy Johnson, who had outstanding warrants for previous assaults at the time of the attack.
She claims the artists and venue put people in danger by having Johnson work during the show, according to the gossip site, TMZ. He was working as an employee for Delaware North, a concession stand company contracted out by the venue.
Johnson, 38, was arrested and charged with rape in April for the Aug. 14, 2016, incident, according to reports.
He however fled Tennessee after the incident and was arrested in Florida. Johnson was flown back to Nashville to face the rape charges in May, with the assistance of U.S. Marshals' fugitive task force and a Nashville police supervisor from the fugitive unit.
Large Hadron Collider boffins in charge of the ATLAS experiment reckon they've seen photons interacting at the quantum level for the first time.
This isn't something that happens at everyday energies: if, for example, you shine two beams through each other in a dark room, you'll see two spots on the wall.
However, direct interaction between photons is a prediction of quantum chromodynamics, so naturally enough, boffins are pleased as punch to identify evidence that it can happen.
CERN explains that the phenomenon happened during experiments in the organisation's ATLAS experiment, in which they fired high-energy lead ions at each other.
The University of Sheffield's Dan Tovey, ATLAS Physics Coordinator, calls the experiment “the first direct evidence of light interacting with itself at high energy.”
“This phenomenon is impossible in classical theories of electromagnetism; hence this result provides a sensitive test of our understanding of QED, the quantum theory of electromagnetism,” he added.
As the CERN announcement notes, the accelerating groups of lead ions create “an enormous flux” of photons surrounding them.
What the researchers spotted was that some of those photons interacted and scattered off each other, in what the announcement calls “ultra-peripheral collisions”.
As is so often the case in high-energy physics, you need an awfully big haystack to deliver up any needles at all: four billion events in 2015 yielded up just 13 candidates for light-by-light scattering at 4.4 standard deviation significance.
More LHC heavy-ion experiments are planned for 2018, which should improve the precision of the observations. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Its Viking invaders may not have had much respect for freedom - but York has just become the UK's first Human Rights City.
The pillaging and invasions which threatened the historic capital of the north meant early York was hardly a bastion of tolerance.
But an announcement by the Lord Mayor this month will see modern York join 30 other Human Rights Cities around the world, including Vienna, Seattle and Edmonton in Canada.
The new status means that organisations will refer to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in their everyday activities.
City of York Council and North Yorkshire Police are among the bodies to have signed up to the pledge.
The York Human Rights City Network initially launched the project back in 2011, with guidance from the University of York's Centre for Applied Human Rights.
Campaigner Stephen Pittam said:
"York has the ambition to use human rights in decision-making, promote awareness and debate about human rights and ensure all residents' rights are respected.
"Each existing human rights city has built on its own particular history when seeking to give local content to the label. In both the past and present, York has a strong record of activity in the field of social justice.
"We want to act as a catalyst for York people, organisations and business to champion a vibrant, diverse, fair and safe city."
The declaration will be made by the Lord Mayor of York, Councillor Dave Taylor, at the Merchant Taylors' Hall on April 24.
He will be joined by dignitaries including York Central MP Rachael Maskell and Councillor Thomas Rajakovics, of Graz, in Austria.
CNN – BARBARA STARR, RYAN BROWNE
The body of a US service member who went missing following a deadly ambush Wednesday in southwest Niger has been recovered, multiple US officials told CNN Friday.
The discovery of the missing US service member in a remote area of the northwestern African country by Nigerien troops comes nearly 48 hours after he was first discovered to be missing in the wake of the attack.
The recovery of the missing US service member raised the number of US troops killed in Wednesday's attack to four.
The Pentagon later confirmed the recovery.
“The body of another US service member has been recovered from the area of the attack bringing the number of US service members killed in this attack to four,” Department of Defense spokesman Col. Rob Manning told reporters at the Pentagon.
MOSCOW—Declaring a victory in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military airbase in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation. Putin's surprise visit marked his first trip to Syria, drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad's government. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago. Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem airbase in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt came days after the Russian president declared his bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige. It also followed the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army, with the help of Russian airstrikes, routed Daesh, also known as ISIS or ISIL, in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the country's border with Iraq. In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, the Russian leader hailed their “excellent” performance in Syria.
Article Continued Below
“You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valour, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills,” he said. “The Motherland is proud of you.” Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict in his favour. Russian officials say troops in Syria were there mainly to fight “terrorists” including militants of Daesh and Al Qaeda affiliates, but they also heavily targeted other rebel factions opposed to Assad, allowing his troops to claw back significant territory over the past two years. Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the airbase, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room at the base. The Hemeimeem base, located in a region that is the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria. “Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists,” Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. “You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia.” In his speech, Putin also said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria. “Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you,” Putin said. “You are coming back home with victory!” He added that “if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen.” Putin, however, said the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and the naval facility in Tartus. Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, reported to Putin that the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers. Surovikin said that the remaining forces will be sufficient to “successfully fulfil the tasks” to stabilize the situation in Syria. He wouldn't say how many troops and weapons would stay behind. Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem airbase indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has signed a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree. The Russian military plans to modernize the airbase and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels. After seeing troops march to the tunes of military marches, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day. Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops' “effective contribution” to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which he said the Syrian people “will never forget.” “Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices,” Putin said.
Read more about:
Perhaps exhausted by his journey to New York City from Florida, the 15-week-old pup ignores the squeaky toys and stuffed animals strewn across the 7.5-metre playing field and promptly falls asleep on the sideline.
A shar-pei with a coat of downy white fur, a pale pink nose and a wrinkled, jowly face, Mr. Wigglesworth is one of the 90 puppies to have travelled from far and wide to compete in Puppy Bowl XIV, airing on Animal Planet a few hours before that other big game kicks off on Sunday.
Millions of passionate viewers in living rooms across North America have gathered to watch him compete in one of the year's most anticipated TV events. The weight of expectation — from fans, teammates and sponsors alike — is almost palpable.
It's Game Day. A player steps onto the field, ready to face off in a ferocious contest of strength, agility and mental focus.
Despite its popularity, the vast majority of Puppy Bowl devotees probably have little idea of the intense effort behind producing the two-hour show and crafting a story around the unpredictable participants.
First broadcast 13 years ago, the Puppy Bowl has morphed from a novelty counterprogramming experiment into must-see television for dog enthusiasts, the football-averse and those who just can't resist a good animal pun. A major ratings draw and social media magnet, the event promotes pet adoption: all the “players” are non-professionals from 48 shelters around the country.
“The challenging part is you just can't produce animals like people,” explains Simon Morris, the showrunner of Puppy Bowl for the past three years. He previously worked with more complicated two-legged subjects on shows such as Bravo's Real Housewives of Atlanta spinoff Don't Be Tardy and appreciates that puppies are, by comparison, drama-free.
That's also the problem, says Morris, a former dachshund owner who is currently dogless.
“All we can really do is put the puppies on the field, leave some toys there and cover it with lots of camera angles,” he says.
As a dramatist, Morris admits he slightly prefers dogs to cats: “Filming-wise, they give you a little bit more. Take a pug. You have a pug's face and you've instantly got character and story there just with a close-up. Kittens I love, but they're a bit trickier to write.”
The creative process begins in the summer, when producers reach out to shelters in search of puppies who will be 12 to 22 weeks old when the game films in October (spoiler alert: it's not live). The goal is not just to get a wide range of sizes and breeds but to draw from as many shelters in as many states as possible.
Says Erin Wanner, vice-president of production at Animal Planet: “We want a variety of puppies, because different puppies appeal to different people and this is all about connecting somebody at home that says, ‘Oh, my gosh, I need to go adopt a puppy just like that.'”
This year's recruits come from 26 states and include the competition's first-ever international puppy: Mango, a Chihuahua/American Staffordshire terrier mix from Mexico. Also playing are two special-needs puppies: Buttons, a deaf and blind cocker spaniel, and Sophie, a three-legged goldendoodle.
The shelters transport the puppies to New York on their own dime. “It's an investment they see as well worth it” because of the exposure it brings, says Wanner.
Last year, the Puppy Bowl in its initial broadcast attracted 2.5 million viewers, making it the most watched cable broadcast of the day. Its success has even inspired copycat events — pun fully intended — such as the Hallmark Channel's Kitten Bowl and National Geographic's Fish Bowl, and drawn the same big-name advertisers (Geico, Subaru) you're likely to see during the Super Bowl.
In the Big Apple, the puppies “publicize” the event, posing for photos and meeting with social media and marketing teams. A studio on the far west side of Manhattan is transformed into a makeshift green room where the puppies, grouped by size, wait in pens lined with wee-wee pads until it's their turn to play.
Team Ruff wears green bandanas, Team Fluff is in yellow. A representative from the American Humane Association is on hand to ensure safety and a carefully co-ordinated system ensures that none of the little furballs go missing.
Still, between the cacophonous barking and sheer number of people and canines crowded into the space, the overwhelming impression is one of organized chaos. At one point, a frenzied handler barges into the room declaring, “My cavalier is missing! My cavalier is missing!” to no one in particular. (A moment later, all is well: “They found him! He was in marketing.”)
As the show has grown in popularity and evolved from pop culture curiosity into cherished tradition, producers continue to look for new ways to up the ante. This year's game will be played in a brand-new “stadium” and include barnyard animal cheerleaders, a sloth referee and a kitty halftime show inspired by Justin Timberlake. The first ever Dog Bowl, featuring mature canines in need of homes, will air on Saturday night.
Morris, who is British and thus not necessarily inclined to watching American football, keeps up with NFL games for creative inspiration. He plots seemingly inconsequential yet critical details, such as where to find toys small enough for the littlest puppies to pick up with their mouths. The action is captured by a dozen or so cameras, placed on the end of sticks coated in peanut butter (“lick cams”) underneath glass water bowls and in the end zone to catch every touchdown and field goal.
During the four-day shoot, which will produce 100 or so hours of footage, Morris and his associates, including director Richie Wirth, watch the action via a wall of monitors in the control room. They sometimes feed lines to Schachner, the referee, who hands out penalties for infractions such as “unnecessary ruff-ness.” As with any reality show, they look for compelling characters and storylines.
Mr. Wigglesworth already is showing breakout potential. When the lethargic puppy suddenly awakens, charges down the field and almost scores a touchdown, a chant erupts in the control room: “Wigg-les-worth! Wigg-les-worth!” A minute later, Morris is asking Wirth to get a group shot of the puppies but stops midsentence as he spots the kind of action that will definitively not take place in the Super Bowl.
“Oh, no,” he says. “Mr. Wigglesworth is doing a (poop) on the end zone.”
And just like that, a star is born.
Immigrant Rights Advocates Say The 'Muslim Ban' Is Already Happening As the Supreme Court weighs the legality of the President's travel ban, immigrant rights advocates say the administration has already achieved the 'Muslim ban' Trump talked about during the campaign. Muslim immigration to the U.S. is down sharply in the past year.
Shonda Rhimes is coming to Netflix.
The writer/producer whose television empire spans from West Coast hospitals to a scandal-wracked West Wing is joining the Netflix stable of exclusive content.
It's a blow to Rhimes' longtime distributors at ABC, whose parent company Disney announced earlier this week that they'd be pulling their titles from Netflix's streaming service.
The multi-year production deal with Netflix will see Rhimes' Shondaland production company produce new series “and other projects” for the video streaming and dvd rental service.
The deal doesn't affect Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder, which will continue to air in the U.S. on ABC.
“Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television,” said Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer, Netflix, in a statement. “Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix.”
Betsy Beers, Rhimes' longtime partner, who has helped ABC make over $2 billion from the licensing and sales of Shondaland shows, will make the move to Netflix as well.
For her part, Rhimes said that the deal is the result of a “shared plan” between herself and Netflix's Sarandos. “Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation.”
While thanking ABC Studios president Patrick Moran and Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment Group, the move to Netflix is the latest in a series of high profile acquisitions that have shaken up the entertainment landscape and a blow to ABC's parent company.
Within the past week Netflix has managed to coax talk show legend David Letterman out of retirement, snatch up the (somewhat middling) comic publishing house Millarworld for new exclusive programming, and snagged Academy Award winning writer-directors Joel and Ethan Coen for a new Western series.
It's the latest sign that the war for talent in Hollywood is well and truly on. Netflix has already spent around $6 billion this year on its original programming, and secured a $500 million line of credit earlier this year to buy even more. Meanwhile Amazon is throwing piles of its own (not-insignificant) cash horde at original programming as well.
The house that Bezos built has spent about $4.5 billion on new, original programming this year, which is hardly chump change.
Meanwhile ABC's parent company, Disney, has been spending billions of its own to roll out a new streaming service in 2019.
Last year Disney bought a minority stake in BAMTech for roughly $1 billion (with an option to acquire the entire company). It's the BAMTech service that will provide the foundation for Disney's new streaming offering.
And the company is already pushing an on-demand subscription video service for Disney movies in the UK (and briefly in China) called DisneyLife.
As TechCrunch's Sarah Perez previously reported:
DisneyLife was seen as a way for Disney to experiment with streaming, before a larger public launch. This not only includes being able to test out the underlying infrastructure for such an endeavour, but also what sort of content users respond to, what features they want, how parental controls should work, and so on. On DisneyLife, consumers pay a small monthly fee that lets families of up to six stream Disney movies, TV shows, even music, audiobooks and e-books online, on mobile devices, and to TVs through AirPlay and Chromecast. If anything, DisneyLife is very much like a Disney-flavored Netflix, and could be looked to as an example of what's to come.
Terms of the deal with Netflix weren't disclosed, but the Wall Street Journal reported that Rhimes' ABC production deal is worth more than $10 million per year to produce shows — and she has profit participation which means a percentage cut of all international deals and reruns.
National Party Chairman and Federal Minister for Maritime Affairs Mir Hasil Khan Bizenjo has called for a grand debate among key state institutions to take the country forward in a respectable manner and defuse an atmosphere of tension and mistrust. Speaking at the National Press Club in Islamabad on Sunday, he said time has come for the politicians, the judiciary and the army to hold dialogue and agree to strictly follow the Constitution in letter and in spirit.
According to the NP leader time is ripe for such a dialogue yet we believe time is running out and it is anybody's guess what could be in store for the country if no heed was paid to this saner advice, which earlier came from former Chairman Senate Mian Raza Rabbani. It is also interesting to note that the demand for dialogue and strengthening the federation and democratic institutions has come from nationalist leaders and they proved their credentials once again during recently held Senate elections and its outcome by adopting a principled stand. We have been emphasising in these columns that there was absolutely no justification for rocking the boat when a civilian government is about to complete its mandated five year term and as per Constitution a caretaker government would be installed to ensure holding of next general elections in a free, fair and transparent manner. There must not be any move, action or statement by any institution that could send wrong message of influencing the electoral process against any party or in favour of another one. We welcome the suggestion of the NP chief for dialogue among institutions but the question arises who will bell the cat. The confrontation and mistrust among institutions is assuming dangerous dimensions and apparently there is no one who could spearhead such a dialogue, which has become a must for stability of the country. It is time to take crucial foreign policy decision in view of regional and global developments and moves but there is no harmonious relationship among state institutions to brace the challenge effectively. In the prevailing circumstances, the dialogue is possible only if it is jointly initiated by saner voices from all political parties and neutral public opinion leaders.
Related
A number of Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham commanders have reportedly been arrested by the ‘group's security forces.'
According to the source, Chief Commander of Tahrir al-Sham Hayat Abu Mohammad al-Joulani has issued an order to arrest a number of field commanders that have leaked intel about the HTS supply lines and military movements in the battlefields to the ISIS.
ISIS terrorists have pushed HTS back from over 15 towns and villages in Northeastern Hama last week.
PRIME Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, on Thursday, launched another landmark programme of the present Government aimed at imparting digital skills to people so that they are equipped for some kind of online job. The DigiSkills programme is aimed at imparting training to one million youth through online modules.
With 5.5 million people jobless, unemployment is rising in the country triggering frustration among masses especially the educated youth that finds it difficult to find a job even after completing professional education. Traditionally, people looked towards government for jobs but with the role of the Government shrinking jobs in public sector are on the decline and those available are filled mainly doling out the favours to loyalists, well-connected and powerful ones. There are also opportunities for gainful employment in country-wide developmental projects including those under CPEC but still the magnitude of joblessness is much more than what the local market currently offers. It is also worrisome that even the private sector is also not hiring manpower through merit-based process but on recommendations from right quarters. In this backdrop, the PML(N) Government did well by launching Prime Minister's Youth Programme which was aimed at training of the youth and provision of credit to them for initiation of their own businesses. The programme has achieved some success but it is understandable that the government has financial and other limitations. Hopefully, if steered successfully, the new initiative would help not only unemployed and skilled youth to earn something while sitting in their homes but also provide opportunity to those with limited income to increase their earnings through part time efforts. Already, thousands of people are earning some income through online work like typing, data entry, graphic and web-designing, CV writing, financial analyses, report writing, research work, software development, development of mobile apps, voice-overs, teaching and translation. Proper training would surely help more and more people to get online jobs but it all depends on the quality of the training to be offered to them. It is also hoped that the trainees would also be cautioned against scamming and finding reliable online jobs in view of a multitude of frauds being committed on the Internet.
Related
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 1:57 pm |
A joint Israeli-Polish Holocaust remembrance ceremony was abruptly called off on Monday after Polish authorities insisting on censoring a speech to be delivered by an Israeli mayor, according to media reports.
The mayor of Kiryat Bialik, Eli Dukorsky, had prepared remarks for a delegation of students from his city currently visiting Poland. But before he did so, his counterpart, the mayor of Kiryat Bialik's Polish “twin city” Radomsko, Jarosław Ferenc, informed him that local authorities wanted to see the speech first.
The speech, contained personal accounts of the Holocaust and references to Polish bystanders and collaborators, as well as Polish “Righteous among the Nations” honored by Yad Vashem.
Dukorsky was asked to delete certain parts which were deemed unacceptable under the new Holocaust law which forbids mention of Polish complicity in the Holocaust.
The mayor then consulted the Israeli Foreign Ministry on how to proceed, and was advised to refuse the censorship of his text. When he did so, the Polish officials cancelled the ceremony.
In a statement sent to The Jerusalem Post, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said:
“Indeed, the mayor of Kiryat Bialik approached me and after consulting with the professional staff of the Foreign Ministry, Israel is not prepared to compromise on historical facts. In remembering painful events from the Holocaust, there is no intention to blame the entire Polish nation. It's important that we continue in an open and honest dialogue between the two sides. I am sorry to hear that the Radomsko municipality in Poland canceled the joint ceremony,” she said.
At least 12 dead as sinking ferry run aground off Sulawesi
AP (ABC NEWS) – At least 12 people were killed and a frantic rescue operation was underway Tuesday off the Indonesian island of Sulawesi for dozens of passengers of a sinking passenger ferry run aground by its captain in a desperate bid to save lives.
The latest in a succession of boat tragedies in Indonesia comes on the same day that officials called off a search for 164 people presumed drowned when a wooden ferry sank two weeks ago in a deep volcanic crater lake on the island of Sumatra.
South Sulawesi province police spokesman Dicky Sondani said the Lestari Maju ferry was about 200 meters (yards) from shore. It had 139 passengers on board, according to its manifest, as well as cars, trucks and motorcycles.
Photos distributed via the National Disaster Mitigation Agency showed passengers perched on the listing vessel as others descended into the heavy seas using ropes hung over its side. Most appeared to be wearing lifejackets.
The agency said 12 people were dead, including two children aged 2 and 3.
This handout picture taken by Indonesia's Badan Nasional Penanggulangan Bencana (BNPB), on on July 3, 2018, shows passengers clinging to the side of a ferry as it sank off the coast of Selayar island off the coast of Indonesia. Handout/AFP via Getty Images
This handout picture taken and released on July 3, 2018, by Indonesia's Badan Nasional Penanggulangan Bencana (BNPB) shows passengers clinging to the side of a ferry as it sank off the coast of Selayar island, in South Sulawesi province. Handout/AFP via Getty Images
This handout picture taken and released on July 3, 2018, by Indonesia's BNPB, the accident mitigation agency, shows passengers floating in the sea awaiting help as a ferry sank off the coast of Selayar island, in South Sulawesi province. Handout/AFP via Getty Images
Passengers float on the water as a passenger ferry sinks off the coast of Selayar island, in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, July 03, 2018. Mustafa Syahril/EPA via Shutterstock
Indonesian rescuers evacuate victims of a sinking ferry off the coast of Selayar island, in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, July 03, 2018. Mustafa Syahril/EPA via Shutterstock
Sondani said the captain steered the 48.5-meter-long (159-foot-long) vessel toward shore after it began sinking on a voyage from the port of Bira to Selayar island, just south of the main Sulawesi island.
Director-General of Sea Transportation Agus Purnomo said in a statement that the captain's actions were helping the rescue effort.
More than 30 people have been rescued and eight of them were being treated in a hospital, said Selayar district chief Basli Ali.
“We are still trying to evacuate the passengers with help from the police, army, search and rescue agency as well as locals,” Ali said.
Ferry tragedies are common in Indonesia, an archipelago of more than 17,000 islands, with weak enforcement of safety regulations often to blame. The Lake Toba sinking was the worst in about a decade.
NORWALK, Conn. (WTNH) — Officials are currently fighting a large fire at a condo complex in Norwalk.
The fire began at 100 Richards Avenue on Monday evening.
Fire departments from Norwalk, Rowayton, and Darien are currently on the scene battling the blaze.
As a safety precaution, Norwalk police are evacuating the adjacent condo complex.
All Fire Personnel are Accounted For!
Commencing Exterior Attack.#CTFire — LT. Paul Resnick (@NPD_PIO) December 11, 2017
Officials are asking people to avoid the area if possible.
The cause of the fire is not yet known.
There have been no reported injuries at this time.
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Related
In a recent interview, Jim Carrey questioned reality itself while attending the New York Fashion Festival. The existential response from Carrey was the last thing fans expected from the actor who gave us Ace Ventura and Bruce Almighty, and news of his thought-provoking interview immediately went viral. Then, when Jim followed up on his naval-gazing quotes at the fashion event, the fan favorite replied with even more food for thought.
“As an actor you play characters, and if you go deep enough into those characters, you realize your own character is pretty thin to begin with. You suddenly have this separation and go, ‘Who's Jim Carrey? Oh, he doesn't exist actually.' There's just a relative manifestation of consciousness appearing, and someone gave him a name, a religion, a nationality, and he clustered those together into something that's supposed to be a personality, and it doesn't actually exist. None of that stuff, if you drill down, is real.”
Little did people know that this was just the beginning of a new Carrey, who would be known for doubting existence instead of setting up his signature gags. The revelation of Carrey's interest in philosophical matters quickly spread in the media, giving the actor newfound attention for some rather unexpected reasons. Now, since sharing his personal revelation that there is actually no Jim Carrey, the actor has doubled down on his previous statements by talking about his ongoing quest to find "the real Jim Carrey."
Can The Real Jim Carrey Please Stand Up?
While discussing his upcoming documentary, Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond Featuring a Very Special, Contractually Obligated Mention of Tony Clifton, with The Hollywood Reporter, Carrey talked about the identity crisis he experienced when portraying the comedian Andy Kaufman for Man on the Moon.
After sharing an anecdote about the time he saw a faux library, #JimCarrey became introspective and talked about the lack of a "real" Carrey inside the star of fan-favorite, thought-provoking dramas such as Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and The Truman Show.
"It's kind of an interesting perspective on what came from losing yourself in a character and realizing you're a character who has been playing you your whole life. A lot of people think that I'm kinda going through something — but it's been my whole life. ... When I try to go back and play Jim Carrey, I got depressed, and now I don't try to do that anymore."
Carrey's latest movie explores the thought process that made his Golden Globe-winning performance in #ManOnTheMoon possible, and shows how he lost himself when bringing Kaufman to life on the big screen. According to the comedian known for wacky antics and expressive comedy, the retrospective look at his Andy Kaufman biopic will concentrate on his identity crisis.
Jim & Andy raises questions of identity while using Carrey's existential pondering as a focal point. The film was acquired by #Netflix, although the streaming giant has yet to give a potential release date.
What do you think of Jim Carrey's existential queries? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
MOSCOW—After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early. Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if he wants to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Brazil's forward Neymar pretends to be injured in front of teammates at a practice on Wednesday. ( NELSON ALMEIDA / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday. “We need players like Neymar,” said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. “But not with this acting what he was doing now in each game.” A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defence.
Article Continued Below
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behaviour “absolutely pathetic” in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarter-finals. “The criticism is nonsense,” Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. “I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting him enough.” Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade. With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge. Read more:
Article Continued Below
England shootout misery ends with World Cup victory over Colombia “Sure, Neymar — when he will win the World Cup,” said Matthaeus. “You have to win titles with your team.” Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league. “It's easy to win the title in France,” Matthaeus said. “For me, Neymar this season, he did not show until now he can be the best.” The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23. The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player. Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner — noting that he himself won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany. “The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at his best,” Ronaldo said. Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely. “I give them maybe one or two years more,” he said, “then there will come a change for this award.”
Read more about:
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif, on Monday visited the residence of Sub-Inspector of Punjab Police Muhammad Aslam who embraced martyrdom in Raiwind blast. He met with parents, widow, children and other family members of Shaheed Muhammad Aslam. Shahbaz Sharif extended heartfelt sympathies to the bereaved family and prayed for the soul.
The Chief Minister presented a cheque of financial grant worth Rs.1.25 crore to the heirs and announced to give a free of cost house to the family along with jobs to the sons. He said that educational expenses of Shaheed's children will also be borne out by the Punjab government. The government will pay the children's educational expenses; he added and further said that family members will be provided free treatment facilities. They will also get salary regularly, he said. He said that one son of Shaheed Muhammad Aslam will be recruited in Police while the other son will be given employment according to his educational qualification.
Talking to the family members, the Chief Minister said that police martyrs are heroes of the whole nation and it is our duty to look after their families. He said that Shaheed Muhammad Aslam has set a high example of dutifulness and the nation will never forget this great sacrifice. He said that martyred police officials are our pride and we are proud of their great sacrifices.
He said that martyrdom is priceless and it is our belief that they never die. The sacrifices of the loved ones will never be wasted, he said. War against terrorism is the fight of the whole nation and it will take revenge of every blood of each and every martyr. This war will be fought till the elimination of the last terrorist, concluded the Chief Minister.
Hammond shuts out Porter Gaud, 35-0
CHARLESTON, S.C. (WOLO) — Hammond is still undefeated after a 35-0 win over Porter Gaud Friday night.
The Skyhwaks are 7-0 and face Wilson Hall next week.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A prototype for the redesigned, fifth-generation Audi A6 has been spotted again. The car has been developed alongside the new generations of the A7 and A8, two models with which it shares much in common.
Common to all three is the latest evolution of Audi's MLB platform for front- and all-wheel-drive vehicles with longitudinally-mounted engines. It promises some weight savings as well as new plug-in hybrid options. The current A6, despite featuring aluminum in its construction, still weighs over 4,000 pounds in some guises.
Also common is the styling, which was previewed with Audi's Prologue concept unveiled at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show. The wide, imposing grille and strong creases are lifted straight from the concept, as are the geometrically-shaped headlights.
The base engine should be a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering 252 horsepower. Above this will likely be a 3.0-liter turbocharged V-6 and mild hybrid system that's already been announced for the new A7. The setup is good for 340 hp.
And as mentioned earlier, we should also see a plug-in hybrid option. The latter will feature Audi's “e-tron” badge. Note, the current A6 has a plug-in hybrid option, though only in China. It combines an inline-4 with an electric motor integrated with the transmission and delivers a peak 245 hp.
The good news is that we can also expect new versions of the performance-oriented S6 and RS 6. The RS 6 should stick with a 4.0-liter twin-turbocharged V-8 possibly matching the 605 hp of the current RS 6 Avant Performance. It's not clear at this point if the RS 6 will be offered as a sedan, or if it will make it to the United States this time around. As for the S6, we should see it downsize to a turbocharged V-6, most likely the 2.9-liter mill found in the latest RS 5.
2019 Audi A6 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Body styles for the A6 will once again include the standard sedan you see here as well as a long-wheelbase variant for China. On top of this, there will also be the Avant and Allroad wagons.
We're also expecting the latest in self-driving technology. Audi is introducing Level 3 self-driving capability for its upcoming cars. This enables the cars to handle some situations without the driver having to monitor them, which isn't the case for current self-driving technology. For example, the new A8 is able to handle some parking situations as well as driving in traffic at speeds of up to 37 mph completely on its own.
Look for the new A6 to arrive next year, as a 2019 model. It's not going to have an easy time on the market. The BMW 5-Series and Mercedes-Benz E-Class have just been redesigned and there are also some impressive newcomers in this segment, too, such as the Cadillac CT6, Lincoln Continental and Volvo S90.
City of London lobbyists have welcomed an initial agreement on the terms of a Brexit transition deal with Europe, but regulatory specialists have warned financial firms against putting contingency planning on hold.
European Union and UK negotiators on Monday agreed on the outline terms of a 21-month transition period that will begin once the UK officially exits the bloc in March 2019 and last until the end of 2020.
London-based...
Finance Minister Charles Sousa's office quickly shot down the idea of hiking the HST as Premier Kathleen Wynne prepared to speak Tuesday at the annual convention of the the Association of Municipalities of Ontario. ( Fred Chartrand / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
Ontarians should pay an extra percentage point on the HST, raising $2.5 billion a year to keep local roads, bridges, arenas and other infrastructure in better repair, says the Association of Municipalities of Ontario. The lobby group representing hundreds of local governments called on Premier Kathleen Wynne to boost the sales tax to 14 per cent from 13 per cent and launched a public relations campaign at www.thelocalshare.ca. “Municipalities cannot possibly make ends meet on property taxes alone,” AMO president Lynn Dollin told councillors from across the province at the association's annual convention in Ottawa. She acknowledged the request is “something very bold” but said the group's polling suggests about three-quarters of Ontarians support such a levy. “Is the public ready? Yeah, I think so,” she told the crowd on Monday. “They like it more than higher property taxes. They like it more than deep cuts.”
Article Continued Below
With less than a year until the provincial election next June 7, however, a decision to raise the HST one per cent would be politically dangerous for Wynne's Liberal government. Finance Minister Charles Sousa's office quickly shot down the AMO idea as Wynne prepared to speak at the convention Tuesday. “We will not be increasing the HST,” Sousa spokesperson Jessica Martin said in a statement, saying Ontario has a “strong track record” of supporting municipalities with $4 billion a year, up from $1.1 billion when the Liberals took power in 2003.
The province is also doubling gas tax revenues to municipalities beginning in 2019 and has embarked on a $190-billion, 13-year infrastructure program to build new public transit, hospitals, schools and more, Martin added. Dollin said the AMO's research found retail sales tax increase is the fairest way to go, spreading the cost more widely as municipalities face cash crunches as their own infrastructure ages and crumbles. She noted that 25 U.S. states and a number of countries, such as France and Spain, have similar arrangements to help local governments, which in Canada own two-thirds of the infrastructure — more than the federal or provincial governments. Existing federal and provincial infrastructure programs don't come close to meeting the need, Dollin added, putting the annual funding gap at $4.9 billion annually for the next 10 years. Closing that gap would require municipalities to raise property taxes 8 per cent a year, she told the convention, a must-attend annual gathering for politicos including the premier, cabinet ministers, opposition party leaders and MPPs. “Can that be done? Should that be done? How high does the Ontario government want property taxes to go?” said Dollin, deputy mayor of the Town of Innisfil, north of Toronto. She also made a pitch to local councillors whose political beliefs may cause them to blanch at pressing for an HST increase, urging them to come on side. “Going alone, there is little we can achieve.” Wynne told AMO's annual convention in Windsor last summer that municipalities need to consult constituents before they ask the province for increased taxation powers or new “revenue tools.” “We've risen to that challenge,” Dollin replied Monday, calling a one per cent local share of the HST “a 21st century revenue tool.” Toronto is now the only municipality in the province with the power to raise revenue with new levies, such as vehicle registration taxes and the land transfer tax, but it is prohibited from introducing sales taxes or income taxes. Last winter, Wynne's government blocked Toronto Mayor John Tory's plan to toll the Don Valley Parkway and Gardiner Expressway, which is when her government promised to double the share of the two-cents-a-litre gasoline tax earmarked for municipalities. Wynne had initially appeared receptive to the tolls but did a U-turn after a surge of dissent from cabinet ministers and Liberal MPPs with the party trailing in the polls and next year's election looming. “Any leader who doesn't listen to those voices, doesn't listen to the team . . . s isn't actually leading,” the premier said in January. Tory has also pressed the province to allow Toronto to impose a hotel tax.
Read more about:
On Saturday, the Congo's UN peacekeeping mission said Kamwina Nsapu had committed violent atrocities and used child soldiers and it also criticised the army for what it said was a disproportionate use of force against the militia fighters, who are typically only lightly armed.
Greg Kampe (Photo: Jose Juarez, special to Detroit News)
The question was casual and simple, and the response was appropriate.
How are you feeling, Greg Kampe?
And he coughed.
"It's improving," the Oakland men's basketball coach said recently, after clearing his throat. "I'll be ready for the year.
"It was a tough month, you know. It's something that grabs you like that, that you don't know much about it and it's unsuspecting.
"It was a tough battle for a while."
Kampe, 61, is recovering from a months-long illness which started with kidney stones -- and pushing off treatment for said kidney stones -- and ended with Kampe in the hospital, battling the deadly blood disease known as sepsis.
At one point during his hospital stay, a nurse asked if he wanted to see a clergyman.
Kampe pulled through, though he's still getting back into game shape, if you will, with the start of the season looming. He still doesn't work full days, though he said, "By November when we start, I'll be 100 percent."
More: Local DI hoops coaches sound off on scandal, FBI probe
Oakland, again with great expectations and a loaded roster led by the likes of Illinois transfer Kendrick Nunn and holdover Martez Walker, opens the regular season at home Nov. 11, against Fort Wayne.
The Golden Grizzlies will participate in Horizon League media day Friday at Little Caesars Arena, site of next spring's Horizon League tournament.
As Kampe battled the illness, he's to lean heavily on his coaching staff, which includes new members Tony Jones and Mychal Covington, a former Golden Grizzlies player, as well as Dan Hipsher.
It was a critical time, as Kampe was laid up much of July, a huge recruiting month.
More: Michigan Hall inductees look back on their rise to fame
His staff, though, helped him land several key recruits, including guard Traveon Maddox from Novi and point guard Braden Norris from Ohio for the class of 2018, plus Tennessee point guard C.J. Gettelfinger for the class of 2019. Oakland also welcomes a transfer in former East English guard Karmari Newman, who's coming from George Washington and eligible in 2018-19.
Oakland is coming off a 25-9 season -- second-most wins in program history -- that included a share of the Horizon League regular-season championship, but again it was upset in its first Horizon League tournament game. Its consolation was an NIT victory over Clemson. Incidentally, it was after that game that Kampe first started to get really sick, starting a weeks-long ordeal which landed him in ICU for five days in July.
"I'm doing much better," Kampe said recently. "I'm playing golf again now."
Playing golf well?
"Not yet," he said, laughing. "I don't have a lot of strength."
The Golden Grizzlies should be the heavy favorite in the league this year, especially with Valparaiso moving out to the Missouri Valley Conference.
Detroit Mercy, meanwhile, should be much improved in Bacari Alexander's second season, after the Titans went 8-23 last season. Detroit Mercy got a transfer in former Michigan player Kam Chatman, and has Jaleel Hogan back, after it was touch-and-go on the academics front for a while. Last year's star freshman Corey Allen should continue to develop, as well.
Oakland and Detroit Mercy's men's and women's teams will participate in Horizon League media day at LCA on Friday.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
Staff Reporter
Police in Karachi on Sunday night busted a ‘unique' gang of four robbers that committed criminal activities for four years under ‘standard operating procedures'.
The gang members, identified as Abdul Sattar, Ishaq, Tabir, and Nadeem, are believed to have been involved in a number of robberies in and around marketplaces in Gulshan-i-Iqbal, Tariq Road, and Paposh Nagar.
Special Services Unit (SSU) Senior Superintendent Tariq Dhanjo said, “The group is unique as it operates under SOPs that the members had set for themselves.”
With the help of Ishaq, who was a jeweller by profession, the robbers would identify and target women who were wearing jewellery made of real gold and other valuable materials.
The gang would wrap up their criminal activities by 4pm and did not operate after those hours, police said. The robbers also considered Thursdays and Fridays holidays and would not carry out criminal activities on those days, police added.
“Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella,' the 2013 Tony Award-winning Broadway musical from the creators of “The King & I” and “The Sound of Music,” will play the Palace Theater in Waterbury Feb. 24 to 26 for four performances, including two matinees. Tickets for CINDERELLA can be purchased online atwww.palacetheaterct.org, by phone at (203)346-2000, or in person at the Box Office, 100 East Main St., Waterbury.
Adding to the fun for families attending one of the matinee performances either on Saturday, Feb. 25 at 2 p.m. or Sunday, Feb. 26 at 1 p.m., the Palace is hosting “Princess Parties” beforehand to enhance the magical experience. The Palace Princess will be on hand to greet young audience members dressed for the ball and pose with them for selfies. A complimentary treat and beverage is also part of this pre-show activity which begins one hour before each matinee's curtain time.
Another fun promotion leading up to the show's engagement entitled” If the Shoe Fits” allows all ticket buyers a chance to enter a drawing to win a Date Night gift package filled with some fabulous treats including:
Drive a BMW for the weekend Courtesy of Hoffman BMW of Watertown
for the weekend Courtesy of Dine in Style with an Entrees & Encores restaurant Gift Card – $75 value compliments of one of the theater's Entrees & Encores partner restaurants
$75 value Floral Bouquet – Compliments of Graham's Florist
Compliments of Graham's Florist Sweets for Your Sweetie – compliments of Hardcore Sweet Cupcake
All ticket buyers (regardless of when or how you purchased your tickets) are eligible to be entered into a random drawing for the Cinderella Date Night Package.
To enter, participants with a valid ticket must come to the Palace Box Office to try on the “Glass Slipper” courtesy of Kathy Faber Designs of Bristol, have picture taken trying on the shoe, post the photo on either Facebook or Instagram, and tag the Palace Theater. A random drawing will take place the week of February 20 and the winner of the Date Night gift package notified.
For more information please visit www.CinderellaOnBroadway.com
Facebook: Facebook.com/CinderellaTheMusical
Twitter: @CinderellaBway
5 ridiculous stipulation matches you didn't know about
Some of these contests are not for the faint of heart!
@MitchNickelson by Mitch Nickelson Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 15:13 IST
Stipulations go out of hand sometimes, read on to find out how
Wrestling at its core is a simple form of entertainment. Two participants enter the ring and when one wrestler can successfully score a pinfall or a submission, a winner is declared. Easy enough, right? It sounds easy but that formula isn't always enough to keep crowds entertained, so changes are inevitably made.
To spice things up every now and then, creative match stipulations have been developed. From bending the rules to allow for the use of all sorts of weaponry to agreeing to various outcomes based on whom the victor is, a simple wrestling match can quickly become convoluted.
Some of these stipulations can heighten the action and increase the drama, however, some of these can also push the show in very strange directions.
Scouring various promotions from across the globe, it doesn't take long to find some downright ridiculous match stipulations throughout the history of this sport. Men diapering their opponents after they've lost to deathmatches, involving explosives inside unwanted orifices; people have thought up some wild matches.
This article explores some of the absolute most ridiculous stipulations that most fans are probably unaware of, but be warned that much of the content matter might not be for the faint of heart. Fireworks in places that you would least expect and acts of crustacean cruelty lie ahead so consider yourself warned of the nature of this article.
First up on this list is a more lighthearted entry. It's okay if you chuckle a little at this ridiculous stipulation...
#5 Silent match
Be very quiet! The loudest wrestler loses!
If there's one promotion that can attempt a humorous match and actually pull it off, it is DDT. The rules to a Silent Match are simple; if a wrestler makes a loud noise then they are deducted one point. They have three points at the start of the match so when they make a loud noise three times, they lose the contest.
In the NOSAWA vs. Muscle Sakai Silent Match, the stipulation was apparently contagious because even the announcers called the match in a whisper. One of the more clever exploitations of the rules in this one was when Sakai used what appeared to be pepper and doused it into his opponent's face.
This resulted in sneezing, an obvious reason for a loss of a point.
Sports columnist Bob Brookover joined the Inquirer in 2000 as the Phillies beat writer after long stints in the same role with the Camden Courier-Post and the Delaware County Daily Times. He also served as the National League columnist for ESPN. He made the move from rawhide to pigskin in 2003 and covered the Eagles for seven years before returning to his roots as the Inquirer 's baseball columnist in 2010. He became a general sports columnist in 2013 and loves covering a variety of sports and events.
Thanks to Zach Eflin and Seranthony Dominguez, the two biggest pitching surprises of the season, and a spectacular game-saving play by third baseman Maikel Franco in the top of the eighth inning, the Phillies pulled out another one-run victory, beating the lowly Baltimore Orioles 3-2 on Tuesday night. The Phillies, for the fourth time this season, are at nine games over .500. The last time was May 26 when they spent their only day of the season in first place. With ace Aaron Nola on the mound Wednesday for a Fourth of July matinee, the Phillies will get a chance to go to 10 games over .500 for the first time this season.
The only concerning news was that Eflin left the game after seven innings with a blister on his middle finger. Eflin shrugged off the seriousness of the blister.
“I mean it really wasn't affecting me until the later innings and even then it wasn't affecting me,” he said. “I was ready to go back out there in the eighth.”
You're signed up to get this newsletter in your inbox every weekday during the Phillies season. If you like what you're reading, tell your friends it's free to sign up here. I want to know what you think, what we should add, and what you want to read, so send me feedback by email or on Twitter @brookob. Thank you for reading.
— Bob Brookover (extrainnings@philly.com)
Rhys Hoskins deserves all-star consideration
It is going to be interesting to see which Phillies players end up being in the all-star game later this month because more than one deserves to be there. At 10-2 with a 2.48 ERA, Aaron Nola should be a slam dunk to make the team. His 10 wins are tied for the second most in the National League and his ERA ranks fifth.
Zach Eflin should at least be entering the conversation, too. He improved to 7-2 and lowered his ERA to 2.97 by holding the Orioles to two runs in seven innings. He became the first Phillies pitcher to win six straight starts since Cliff Lee in 2011.
The Phillies' most deserving position player is clearly left fielder Rhys Hoskins. Look beyond his .253 batting average and you'll find that he is one of the most productive outfielders in the National League. With his two-run double in Tuesday's win, he moved into a tie for second among National League outfielders with 55 RBIs. He is third in walks, fifth in OPS and tied for third in extra-base hits.
Hoskins picked up the 100th RBI of his career in his 124th game Tuesday. No player in franchise history has reached that milestone faster since RBIs became an official statistic in 1920.
The rundown
Matt Klentak made it clear Tuesday night that his team will be looking for help at the trade deadline for the first time during his tenure. “There are a few areas on our club that we can upgrade,” Klentak said. Our Scott Lauber noted that Baltimore's Manny Machado would be the dream acquisition, but the Phillies are not going to part with their elite prospects unless the perennial all-star would be willing to sign a long-term deal ahead of his pending free agency.
Alumni weekend always is filled with some cool moments and we are now guaranteed one with Tuesday's announcement that Shane Victorino will officially retire as a Phillie before the team's Friday Aug. 3 game against the Miami Marlins. The Phillies, of course, will also honor the 2008 World Series title team that weekend. Hard to believe it has been 10 years Harry.
Vince Velasquez might be on the disabled list because of the line drive he took to his right arm Saturday against Washington, but his spectacular lefthanded throw to first base is still a topic of conversation. Our Tom Avril says some scientists would love to get a look inside Velasquez's brain.
Important dates
Today: Aaron Nola gets Fourth of July start at 4:05 p.m.
Tomorrow: Off day
Friday: Nick Pivetta opens series in Pittsburgh, 7:05 p.m.
Monday: Phillies play doubleheader vs. Mets at CitiField, 4:10 p.m.
July 12: Makeup game at Baltimore, 6:05 p.m.
Stat of the day
On this date in 1976, the Phillies split a Fourth of July doubleheader in Pittsburgh to move to 52-22 and maintain a nine-game lead over the second-place Pirates in the N.L. East. The day is best remembered, however, for Tim McCarver's second-inning grand slam in the Phillies' opening-game victory that became a three-run single because the catcher passed Garry Maddox as he rounded first base. The Phillies also made a mid-season ballpark move on this date in 1938, moving from the Baker Bowl on North Broad Street to Shibe Park at 20th and Lehigh, which would remain their home ballpark through the 1970 season. They weren't particularly good at either ballpark, going 11-17 at the Baker Bowl and 15-31 at Shibe Park.
From the mailbag
Send questions by email or on Twitter @brookob.
Question: I'd appreciate hearing your views on the classic issue of “try to win now” vs “try to build a powerful long term team.” I'm concerned that Phillies management may yield to the “win now” pressure and trade away a solid piece (or more) of the team's future in order to make it to a weak position in this year's postseason. Comments? — Dave from Arkansas (née Philly), via email
Answer: Thanks for the question and for reading Dave. It's a delicate balance for sure, but I do believe general manager Matt Klentak has a good feel for exactly where the Phillies are at right now. Let's use Phillies top pitching prospect Sixto Sanchez as an example. I would consider giving him up if Manny Machado would agree to sign a long-term deal with the Phillies. I would not give him up otherwise for any other player on the trade market. You should be able to get guys veterans such as Cole Hamels, Zach Britton or J.A. Happ at a lower cost than that.
A rather sweet tweet caught the eye of thousands this Canada Day weekend. Peace by Chocolate from Nova Scotia, whose bio describes it as “a family run Syrian chocolate company” whose factory was bombed in Damascus, “forcing us to immigrate to Canada” tweeted:
Syrian chocolatier Assam Hadhad focuses on what he knows best as members of the community tour Peace By Chocolate's factory in Nova Scotia. The chocolate company is run by a family who immigrated to Canada after their factory was bombed in Damascus. ( Darren Calabrese / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Happy #CanadaDay from our family to this beautiful country that stands for freedom and human rights. Thank you for considering our differences a reason for strength not weakness. Thank you for bringing families together not tearing them apart. Thank you.” More power to this family for their continued resilience in circumstances beyond their choosing. While their tweet isn't quite accurate (differences in this country are indeed seen as a reason for weakness, families are indeed torn apart by the government), they are entitled to extrapolate from their own experiences in this land. Gratitude is immensely personal. While many refugees are grateful to be here, that same gratitude can become a chokehold when it is the only acceptable emotion “allowed”.
Article Continued Below
Should the same chocolatemakers eventually encounter systemic barriers and tweet out their displeasure, they would be scolded for not being grateful enough. “Refugee status can become like a straitjacket if people are expected to behave in a way that reinforces the saviour credentials of the host society,” said Christopher Kyriakides, a York University sociologist. Mustafa Alio is a former refugee to Canada who co-founded Refugee Career JumpStart Project, an organization that helps refugees find career-enhancing jobs. He says when refugees sometimes say they want to go back, this is perceived as ingratitude. But Alio says, “They want to go back to the life they had. Who doesn't?” He likens refugee uprooting to losing a true love. “It's not easy to find a second love. If you do, you become very protective about it...I'm very in love with this country. They just need to be given a chance. And they'll be attached to their second love.” It's been seven years since the world left Syrian refugees in a crisis. Canadian academics studying aspects of their lives here say refugees are seen through the lens of two narratives: threat or victim.
The threat narrative, long in the making, has been brought into sharp focus by Europe's can't-take-what-it-dished-out phobia of “outsiders” and U.S. President Donald Trump's racist contempt. More recently, the New York Times exposed Denmark's practices of separating “ghetto” children from their parents and indoctrinating them with Christian holidays and the Danish “way of life.” The less-discussed victim narrative, the well-meaning one, also bears exploring, because even within that relationship, researchers have found a power imbalance, a sense of moral superiority.
Article Continued Below
A sense that Michaela Hynie, who is part of a York University study exploring mental health issues for Syrian immigrants, describes as, “We help you and therefore it makes us feel good.” “The discourse that people use to encourage engagement with refugee issues… is one that really plays on empathy, that plays on particular images of refugees being vulnerable. They have to be perfect victims. They have to be passive. Horrible things (have to) happen to them.” In reality, these are people who would have made major life decisions such as when to leave home, where to go, when to get the family and how to stay together. “These are incredibly resilient people,” she said. “They have been exposed to negative events and they are experiencing loss. But the majority of them, if they can build a life and settle, will be fine. They will recover. “Our insistence on focusing on their victimhood and on their trauma also makes us see them as individuals who aren't capable, who aren't making a contribution, who are a burden on society.” Seeing them only as a homogenous group of victims “actually acts as a barrier to individuals being able to build a life here,” said Hynie. Kyriakides, who works at the centre for Refugee Studies at York University, has been examining refugee relationships in two other studies in the Canadian context over the past year and a half. The life of refugees doesn't begin with the conflict, he said, nor does it begin when they come to Canada. Just as they had a life prior to refuge, they want a life after refuge. It's really important to let refugees know that “I see you as a person who had a life before you came here,” he said. Kyriakides said that in moving away from danger, refugees rescue themselves. “The West isn't saving anyone. We're not saviours. As well meaning and as beneficial as we can be, we're supporting the self-rescue.” In opening our doors to a small number of refugees, all we do is act on our conscience. Gratitude must be left up to theirs. Shree Paradkar is a columnist based in Toronto covering issues around race and gender. Follow her on Twitter: @ShreeParadkar
Violet Brown, believed to be the world's oldest person, centre, poses with her care givers Elaine Mcgrowder, left, and Dolet Grant, right, at her home in Duanvale district of Trelawny, Jamaica. ( Raymond Simpson / The Associated Press )
DUANVALE, JAMAICA—Violet Brown spent much of her life cutting sugarcane in the fields around her home in western Jamaica. She attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated her 117th birthday last month. On Saturday, she is believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899. Brown told The Associated Press she is surprised but grateful to have lived this long. Read more:Italy's Emma Morano, world's oldest person, dies at 117 “This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in her home in the town of Duanvale.
Article Continued Below
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said he has met Brown and examined her birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of her birth. “She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister Andrew Holness congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title. “It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokeswoman Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.” Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home she shares with her 97-year-old son. She is able to sit up by herself and walk short distances. And while she is hard of hearing, she offered swift, complete responses to questions about her life and family. The secret to long life is hard work, she said. “I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” she said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.” She also credited her Christian faith for her long life. “I've done nearly everything at the church,” she said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, she said.
A jack-knifed semi is blocking the lanes of I-75 at Fort Street in Detroit. (Photo: MDOT)
A jack-knifed semi-truck is blocking all lanes of northbound Interstate 75 at Fort Street, officials said.
Officials with the Michigan Department of Transportation said traffic is squeezing by the truck on the right shoulder.
Motorists may want to find an alternate route and avoid the area.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2yNcbGa
The port city of Long Beach, California, has long struggled to revive its downtown core, which steadily deteriorated as the Navy pared down and eventually closed its decades-old operations there by the late ‘90s, with military contractors following.
The once-active naval community, where ships were regularly serviced and docked, became a place that, not too long ago, fewer people cared to visit, especially after dark.
“Downtown was really a no-go zone during nighttime,” said Richard Talbot, a market researcher who was hired in 2002 to help create a revitalization plan for the city's retail district, centered on its main thoroughfare, Pine Avenue. It would be one of several plans, studies and updates commissioned in recent years.
“There were many attractive art deco buildings, but derelict,” Talbot recalled. “Businesspeople didn't want to go downtown. There was homelessness. There were drug deals on many corners.”
Today, on some of those same corners, bulldozers and construction cranes work almost nonstop to transform Long Beach's 1.38-square-mile downtown and outlying areas into a more vibrant urban center. Roughly three dozen projects, valued around $3.5 billion, are underway or in the pipeline in one of the country's largest continuing downtown redevelopments.
“The downtown is being reborn and re-created,” Robert Garcia, the mayor of Long Beach since 2014, said. “A lot of people view Long Beach as the kid sister to Los Angeles. It's finally stepping into the national stage, and I'm really excited about the transformation.”
The whole world will get to see Long Beach's shiny new self soon enough as Southern California prepares for the 2028 Summer Olympics and Paralympic Games. Los Angeles has been chosen as the host city, and several events are expected to take place in Long Beach.
The changes to Long Beach — about 25 miles south of Los Angeles — began in earnest more than 15 years ago. The city began buying up nearly four dozen properties, including vacant lots and derelict buildings, through its redevelopment agency. The total purchases, across an area of about 25 square miles, were part of a more than $100 million spending plan that included improving infrastructure and beefing up the police force, said Patrick H. West, the city manager.
“We purchased liquor stores, parking lots, motels and apartments that were gang hangouts — 911 hot spots, according to the police — and relocated the displaced tenants,” West said.
The properties were later resold to developers, and new zoning regulations were put in place about five years ago to help speed up construction and building conversions.
“We became a land banker,” West said. “The objective was to change the neighborhood and blight, not to regenerate dollars.”
As a result of these efforts by the local government, many developers have been eager to do business in Long Beach, and companies like Virgin Orbit and Mercedes-Benz have found new homes there.
“We've got the welcome mat out,” Garcia said. “We're constantly meeting with folks, hosting forums for development interest.”
Jason Silver, the director of development for Ledcor Properties of Irvine, California, said changes in the review process for developments were enabling work to commence in around half the usual time.
“The city streamlined the process under one management,” said Silver, whose company is a co-developer of residential projects in Long Beach with Anderson Pacific of Chicago.
One of the residential projects, a rental building with 223 units called the Current, was completed in the summer of 2016. And construction is set to begin by this summer on the 315-unit Shoreline Gateway East Tower, which at 35 stories will be one of the city's tallest buildings.
More projects could come later. “We're keeping our feelers out in the Long Beach area,” Silver said.
The developments downtown and beyond are expected to add around 4,000 residential units over the next few years, from condominiums and rentals to student and faculty housing for California State University, Long Beach.
More than 200 units classified as affordable housing are under construction, although Josh Butler, the executive director of the nonprofit advocacy group Housing Long Beach, would like to see more. “Only a paltry amount of affordable housing is planned for the area,” he said.
Several infrastructure projects are also in the works. One of them, the 605-foot-long Seaside Rainbow Bridge, a walkway connecting two ends of the expansive Long Beach Convention Center campus, was just completed. And numerous commercial spaces are set to open, including much-needed hotels.
“We believe the Olympics will be a game changer for us,” West said. He expects at least five new hotels across the city during the next few years, just in time to house the throngs of visitors that will descend on the area.
Among these new hotels will be a 29-story glass high-rise by the Seattle-based developer American Life, now under city review. Gregory L. Steinhauer, American Life's president, said he hoped to break ground next year on a site adjacent to a planned redevelopment of the city's civic center.
“In our biased view, we're at the 50-yard line of Long Beach,” he said of the location.
At the heart of the city's revitalization plan is the Long Beach Civic Center, where a $520 million overhaul is taking place. Development began in 2016 and is scheduled for completion in 2019. It will include an 11-story City Hall, offices for the Port of Long Beach and a main public library. Also planned: a plaza with underground parking, a retail marketplace and upgrades to the city's oldest park, Lincoln Park.
Construction is by Plenary-Edgemoor Civic Partners, a development consortium, on city property fronting Ocean Boulevard, another main thoroughfare. (The buildings are all designed to be seismically safe and sustainable, using solar power and rainwater storage systems.)
Plans for Queen Mary Island, described by the city as “a year-round social epicenter,” are also in the works. A $250 million entertainment and hotel complex is rising on 65 waterfront acres, next to the Queen Mary, a celebrated ocean liner. This project features new stores, restaurants, sports venues, and attractions like rooftop surfing pavilions, a roller coaster, a zip line and indoor ice climbing. There is also an amphitheater for live performances.
The retired ocean liner, which has been moored in Long Beach since 1967, is getting a much-needed overhaul, too.
And changes are planned for another tourist site, the Aquarium of the Pacific. An expansion there, expected to be completed by early next year, will give this attraction an additional 29,000 square feet that will include a new area for exhibits, an art gallery and an “immersive theater.”
Howard Kozloff, a managing partner of Agora Partners, an urban real estate advisory firm based in Los Angeles, said Long Beach “was wise to invest in its public spaces, like the aquarium and Queen Mary Island.”
“There's a big realization that cities have to market themselves, so they need to provide those kinds of spaces,” Kozloff said. “Having active and vibrant public spaces is a way to differentiate yourself from your competitors.”
City officials are also quick to point out Long Beach's comparatively lower real estate prices, its temperate climate, its waterfront and its proximity to international airports.
“It's an affordable alternative for office and residential, compared to Orange County and L.A.,” said Michael Moskowitz, a managing director of Ensemble, which has had several developments in the city and has plans for more.
Ensemble's new residential projects will be geared toward professionals working in the area, he said. Each will offer a mix of unit sizes, from studios to three-bedrooms, with ample parking and close access to the commercial center. Its 94-unit Serenade Modern Flats, for example, is near the new civic center, while the Sonata Modern Flats is across from the convention center.
“I don't think we'll have much trouble renting,” Moskowitz said.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times.
VIVIAN MARINO © 2018 The New York Times
Are you tempted to go all in on your ad spend this year? Read this first.
When you picture this year's holiday buying season, you probably envision mobs of shoppers edging their way through the aisles. Or maybe you visualize crowds in a freezing parking lot at three AM on Black Friday waiting for a retailer to open its doors.
That's only half the story. Actually, it's less than half. A Deloitte survey of 4,000 Americans shows that for the first time ever, consumers plan to do 51 percent of their holiday shopping spending online. So, a more accurate picture of holiday shoppers might be someone sitting at home in their pajamas tapping on their iPad.
For marketers, this means that competition for online shoppers will be more intense than any year. That doesn't mean you should throw money at this problem though. The way to win the holidays is to execute surgical, data-backed media buys while everyone else is tossing money around like, well, holiday shoppers.
Related: 10 Laws of Social Media Marketing
Be a smart holiday advertiser.
With the holidays representing 20-30 percent of annual sales for retailers, according to the NRF (National Retail Federation), it's a critical time -- so critical, that many brands will tolerate wasted advertising spending. Perhaps it's better to hit too many people than too few people, so what's a few thousand wasted ad impressions?
While this approach may be accepted as standard practice, it sidesteps the fact that a mechanism to avoid overspending already exists. It's called incrementality.
Borrowed from science and medicine, the incrementality concept is based on randomized control trials that measure the effects of one variable by observing what happens to a similar group that's not exposed to the variable. The difference between the exposed group and the control group can tell you a lot about the success of your treatment within the exposed group.
In advertising and marketing, it's the same idea: If you run a campaign and then pick a randomized control group that's not exposed to ads -- the holdout audience -- then you can find out how much incremental revenue resulted from the campaign. For instance, a sporting goods retailer could target 1,000 ideal users with a new holiday campaign and then withhold the ads from 200 similar users. If a larger percentage of those 1,000 people made purchases than the 200 people in the control group, then the sporting goods store can assume people were influenced by their advertising.
Related: 4 Ways to Market Your Business for Free
Taking action in your campaigns.
Once you've decided to pursue incrementality, the first step is to split your users into randomly selected test (they see ads) and control (they don't see ads) groups. Group assignment can be done upon initial site visit, and then you only show ads to the users in your test group. Alternatively, holdout group users can be selected at the time ads are served.
How you do A/B testing after that is up to you, but an important end result of incrementality is that it helps you avoid delivering ads to consumers who were predisposed to purchase anyways. For instance, when eBay pulled the plug on its search advertising in 2015, it saw no drop in sales. The reason may be that people who were going to search "Lands' End sweater eBay" were already going to go to eBay anyway. Instead of wasting their ad spend on users already moving through their purchase funnel, eBay likely opted to target users who were circling the top of it but not converting. This is a strategy you can easily replicate with your own ad spend this quarter.
It can be hard to tell who's already going down the funnel on their own, but signals do exist in the form of behavioral data from individual users, such as how many add to carts, site visits and purchases they've had over time.
For example, many advertisers use JavaScript pixels to track consumer behavior either through a combination of an ad tech/measurement partner, Facebook or Google Analytics, with one typically being the source of truth. Of course, a trusted partner platform is extremely helpful as well. With this data, many advertisers can, in conjunction with their ad buying platform, decipher which consumers have high organic purchase rates and then potentially exclude those consumers from future ad campaigns.
Related: This 14-Year-Old Founder Explains How to Market to Teenagers on Social Media
Holiday hazards
In addition to neglecting incrementality, marketers often err during the holidays by putting too much emphasis and ad spend between Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
Unfortunately for advertisers, Black Friday and Cyber Monday fall during Q4 when CPM and CPC rates are typically at their highest -- and this creates a slippery slope when it comes to overspending. With CPM and CPC rates high because of competition, and low conversion rates during certain weeks in the holiday season posing a threat, there's potential for retailers to waste an obscene amount of ad spend at the most important time of the year.
Instead of throwing more money at the problem, consider leveraging that potential spend to acquire new prospects who aren't familiar with your brand, potentially reaching users who are more likely to make an impact on your bottom line.
Retailers don't have to succumb to holiday season hazards. They can win the holidays by gathering data on, and allocating ad budget to, users who are more likely to be influenced by ads -- while at the same time letting those frequent purchasers find their own way to the buy button.
Optimizing for incrementality using the tactics outlined above will help advertisers avoid holiday overspending, grow revenue profitability and turn Q4 into an opportunity, not a threat.
Related: 10 Marketing Influencers That Every Entrepreneur Can Learn From
“The two players integrated well into our game and they looked as if they had played for us forever,” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said.
Mkhitaryan, who struggled to convince Mourinho of his qualities at United, marked his first Arsenal start by providing three assists — including one for fellow new recruit Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang — in a 5-1 rout of Everton.
“I don't think it is a dream goal for Alexis,” United manager Jose Mourinho said. “Every player prefers to score a penalty. But it also shows his attention to detail, his reaction and his desire.”
Sanchez injected a fresh dose of dynamism to Manchester United and scored — immediately after a penalty was parried — on his debut to seal a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield.
LONDON—After a rare English Premier League swap deal , Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan made an immediate impact at their new homes on Saturday.
For Arsenal and United, the January signings were made with an eye on next season in the Premier League. Any title aspirations faded long ago.
“He didn't do it until now because I think he rushed, sometimes, with his finishing,” Wenger said. “He looks much calmer.”
When so much focus was on Mkhitaryan and $80 million record signing Aubameyang, Aaron Ramsey chose the wrong day to score his first ever hat trick.
Even though Manchester City dropped points for only the fourth time this season in a 1-1 draw at Burnley, the leader's advantage was still only cut to 13 points by United with 12 games remaining.
The tussle to stay in the Premier League is far tighter.
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at last-place West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 12-match winless run in the league.
Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1.
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1.
Brighton ended West Ham's six-match unbeaten run by winning 3-1 to move three points clear of the drop zone.
Responding to Wednesday's loss at Tottenham with a victory should have mellowed Mourinho. Especially with his latest striking addition, Sanchez, and summer signing Romelu Lukaku scoring against Huddersfield.
Instead the United manager turned on his own fans at Old Trafford.
“The atmosphere is a bit quiet,” he grumbled after avenging a loss to Huddersfield earlier in the season.
Mourinho might have incensed his own fans and the club's most expensive player, Paul Pogba. The 105 million euro midfielder was dropped from the starting lineup.
“The intention was not to punish anyone,” Mourinho said. “Paul is a fantastic player — no doubt for me one of the most talented midfield players in the world.”
Everton manager Sam Allardyce called the capitulation at Arsenal “pathetic.”
It was an uncomfortable return to Emirates Stadium for Theo Walcott.
Ramsey diverted Mkhitaryan's cross in the net after just six minutes and, after Laurent Koscielny headed Arsenal further in front eight minutes later, the Wales midfielder was on target again in the 19th with a deflected strike.
Arsenal was running Everton ragged, and Aubameyang ran onto Mkhitaryan's pass and dinked the ball over goalkeeper Jordan Pickford in the 37th.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin headed in a consolation in the second half, but Ramsey completed his treble in the 74th from another of Mkhitaryan's pinpoint crosses.
Pep Guardiola didn't even bother to fill his quota of substitutes at Burnley, taking only six players for the City bench due to injuries.
“I could have called one of the second team,” the City manager said, “but we decided they were not going to play.”
After being invincible in the first half of the season, City's shine has faded in recent weeks. Only two points have been collected from the last three away games that saw Liverpool end City's unbeaten start.
City was looking on course for a win courtesy of Danilo's 22nd-minute strike but paid the price for a glaring miss by Raheem Sterling when Johann Berg Gudmundsson levelled for Burnley in the 82nd.
The immediate pressure is off Southampton manager Mauricio Pellegrino.
Ahmed Hegazi's West Brom opener was wiped out in the final five minutes of the first half when Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton.
James Ward-Prowse extended Southampton's lead from a free kick in the second half. Salomon Rondon reduced the deficit with a header but West Brom couldn't level and is four points from safety. Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone.
After failing to secure a January transfer, Riyad Mahrez was missing from the Leicester side. Although Leicester led through Jamie Vardy's opener, Federico Fernandez's header early in the second half secured a point for Swansea.
Bournemouth dislodged Everton from ninth place after a pair of substitutes spearheaded a comeback against Stoke. Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second-half goals to wipe out Xherdan Shaqiri's header.
A day after West Ham head of recruitment Tony Henry was fired over claims he told agents they did not want to sign any more African players, the club's turmoil continued on the pitch.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton.
In Manitoba, which borders Minnesota and North Dakota, groups that specialise in helping refugees say the pace of arrivals has quickened since Donald Trump became president and banned travel from seven majority-Muslim countries. Refugees cited Trump's order and anti-Muslim campaign rhetoric as the main reasons for going north.
Rita Chahal, executive director of Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council, said her group normally sees 50 to 60 refugees from the US each year. But The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said that more than 40 have been picked up at the border near Emerson, Manitoba, in just the last two weekends. Chahal said most are natives of Somalia, which was in Trump's travel ban, but also from Ghana, Djibouti, Nigeria and Burundi. They are making the trip at a dangerous time. “This is one of the coldest seasons in the coldest parts of our country,” said Ghezae Hagos, a counsellor at Welcome Place in Winnipeg, Manitoba, who deals with refugees upon arrival. He said that on Feb. 4, five Somalis said they walked for five hours in the fields in-30 Celsius weather. The increase at the Manitoba crossing is likely related to Minnesota's status as the leading US landing spot for Somali immigrants. Marc Prokosch, an immigration attorney in Minneapolis, said it's been growing more difficult for Somalis to get asylum in recent years, mostly because they lack documents to prove their identity. There is also fear of deportation. US Customs and Immigration Enforcement said 90 Somalis were deported from across the US on Jan. 25. Bashir Youssuf, a Somali refugee who spent three years in San Diego and the last two months in Minneapolis, crossed the border Feb. 5 with two others. Yussuf, 28, was ordered deported in 2015. He had remained in the US under monitoring, hoping to get a favourable ruling to stay. “But when Trump took over, eventually my hope died,” he said. He called the trip “the hardest thing I've ever done,” describing a three-hour journey over ice and snow. “I even jumped two rivers over snow. You go down deep,” he said. “My life was in danger in many ways.” More from USA Evacuation order lifted near California dam
Trump tries to sidestep Russian scandal
Trump adviser Flynn quits
How national security has become a party piece
Islamabad
British Pakistani Sufi Opera Singer Saira Peter presented national songs and cheered up the ceremony of unveiling commemorative bust of the Father of the Nation Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah at the historic British Museum. The ceremony was hosted by the High Commission for Pakistan, London. Established in 1753, the prestigious Museum is home to some of the most valued artefacts in the world. All of the items, whether, gold, diamond, bronze or stone, represent major human achievements from over the last millennia. They are on display before the whole world. The venue was visited by 6 1/2 million international visitors last year.
According to a message received here, the celebrations not only featured speeches calling to mind Quaid-e-Azam's unique achievements, but music specially written for the event and performed by Pakistan's Saira Peter Bsc (Hons) MSc MA (London), the world's one and only Sufi Opera Singer. Saira is singing four complex and beautiful compositions, including the brand-new song, Unity Faith Discipline, specially composed by her vocal coach Paul Knight who is a disciple of Benjamin Britten, 20th century iconic composer.
Within this song guests heard the actual voice of Mr M. A. Jinnah, recorded when he spoke to a gathering of young people at Islamia College Peshawar on 14 April 1948. The phrase ‘unity, faith and discipline' took on a life of its own and became a motto for the whole country as it grew into its own new identity. Quaid lived out these values in his own life, showing others what it meant to be a disciplined man of faith and pouring himself out to achieve his vision of unity for the nation.—APP
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
Dubai, UAE : SOLO brings a story with rising South Indian superstar, Dulquer Salmaan playing four roles – Rudra, Shekhar, Siva, and Trilok as...
Eight Reasons to Attend AQHA Convention
American Quarter Horse Association
AQHA is only one month away from hosting its annual Convention in sunny Florida this year March 2-5 in Jacksonville, Florida. AQHA shared eight reasons every AQHA member should attend this year's event.
Find out why you need to make reservations to attend the 2018 AQHA Convention in Jacksonville, Florida.
All American Quarter Horse Association and American Quarter Horse Youth Association members are invited to attend the AQHA convention each year as a way to stay involved with the horse industry, have an impact on decisions, voice opinions and learn new things.
While more than 1,000 members converge on AQHA convention each year, AQHA leadership would love to see an even larger number of members take part in this important event. After all, it's AQHA members who lead the charge toward changes that make our Association – and our industry – better.
Watch a quick video that explains how AQHA members make requests that can turn into rule changes. You can also watch last year's version of this video in Spanish.
Here are the eight reasons we hope to see you March 2-5 at the 2018 AQHA Convention in Jacksonville, Florida.
Let your voice be heard. There are numerous opportunities during convention to share your opinions, including at the general membership meeting and in committee meetings. Learn more about how rules are made at AQHA. Even though the deadline to submit rule-change proposals for the 2018 convention was December 31, 2017, your input is encouraged and taken into consideration when decisions are being made. Committee agendas will be available online before the convention at www.aqha.com/convention. Be sure to check out what's on the agendas for the AQHA standing committees. Special Recognitions. We will recognize the winners of the 2017 Zoetis AQHA Best Remuda and Ranching Heritage Breeder of the Year awards, along with our Professional Horseman and Horsewoman of the Year awards during the general membership meeting on Saturday, March 3. As a reminder, the annual awards banquet has been moved to November 11, 2018, during the 2018 Lucas Oil AQHA World Championship Show in Oklahoma City. Education. AQHA provides numerous opportunities for education and growth, especially for the professionals in our industry, including the Equine Industry Business Workshop and Industry Town Hall Meeting on Friday, March 2. Check out some highlights from last year's Equine IndustryBusiness Workshop, which included tips about finances, sports psychology, AQHA medication rules and much more. Hall of Fame banquet. This elegant event on Sunday, March 4, honors the inductees to the American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame and is a touching evening of heartfelt stories about the individuals and horses who make a difference in our Association. Read about the Class of 2018 inductees. Involvement. Numerous committees meet during convention, and all AQHA members are invited to sit in on the committee meetings and offer feedback. Only committee members are allowed to vote on actions, therefore we encourage AQHA members to get involved on the committee level. Fellowship. Convention is an amazing reason to dress up and enjoy a stellar event – including great food and entertainment – with fellow horsemen and your friendly AQHA staff. You won't want to miss a new event this year – Foundation in Paradise, featuring The Bellamy Brothers – hosted by the American Quarter Horse Foundation, on Saturday, March 3. A wonderful escape. AQHA chooses fun locations for its conventions. You'll probably want to tack on an extra few days for sightseeing and fun with your family. Check out St. Augustine, the nation's oldest city, transportation courtesy of AQHA. Local events also include a wine tasting at Morton's, the Steakhouse, and special spa offers for AQHA members at the One Ocean spa. Read more about these exciting activities.
Mark your calendars now for the 2018 AQHA Convention, March 2-5 at the Hyatt Regency Riverfront in Jacksonville, Florida. Book your hotel room and airport transportation today!
Registration and more details are available at www.aqha.com/convention.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC will show what really goes on in school with a new series by the makers of acclaimed show Hospital.
Square Eyes can reveal the BBC has unique access to a school at a time of extreme pressure and high public and political scrutiny.
As with the hit series Hospital, ‘School' will use its access it to zero in on the issues all classrooms now face.
The six-part series will be filmed in an as yet undisclosed area of the UK, where school funding has been at its lowest for decades.
But the makers say ‘School' goes to the heart of the choices headteachers face, from bigger class sizes and fewer teachers, to a shorter school day and a more rigid curriculum.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Patrick Holland, Controller of BBC Two says: “The story of what's happening in the nation's schools is both urgent and hugely important.
“Filmed over a year, the series has a very different form to Hospital, but shares its ambition to be must-watch TV.”
The series shows parts of school life not seen before on television, including budget meetings, teachers' homes, Ofsted inspections and PTA meetings.
All this is set against a ticking clock, as the pupils move toward their exams and the results that will define their life chances.
Simon Dickson of makers Label1 added: “School gives a voice to those on the front line. It's an emotionally striking account of the staff and pupils bound up in it.”
TORONTO — One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching his bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday, with an expected attack on both the party he hopes to lead and the one he wants to topple.
Doug Ford, brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford, will hold a rally to kick off his effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election.
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month, forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
Ford, who was the first to announce his candidacy, says it's time to wrest control of the party from "elites" and speak up for people he feels have been shortchanged by Wynne's government.
Political observers say the combination of name recognition, a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership.
"Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race," said Rob Leone, a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University.
Leone said Ford, who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014, has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization, which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight, five-week timeline. Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2, with results to be unveiled March 10.
"The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand," he said. "It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement. I think that when you have a less established brand, it becomes harder to do."
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the greater Toronto area. In a province where Wynne's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates, he said Ford's messages may find favour "in all pockets of the province."
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research, for instance, identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement.
Bangkok :Fifteen people have died and one million have been affected by flooding in Thailand's deep south, authorities said Tuesday. The monsoon rains that started late last month have inundated eight provinces and hit hundreds of thousands of households, according to the Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Department. Fifteen people have drowned, an official at the department's call centre told AFP. The toll stood at five under a week ago. Some one million residents have been hit in some way: through submerged or damaged homes, disruption to occupations such as farming, or transport difficulties because of flooded roads. The affected areas include Muslim-majority provinces. Wanchai Sakudomchai, the Meteorological Department director-general, said the downpour is expected to taper off in mid-December. “But before that time heavy rains are expected from December 6th to 8th,” he added. Like other countries in the region, Thailand is annually hit by seasonal flooding of varying severity.
Orignally published by APP
The Muhammadu Buhari administration has condemned the use of chemical weapons on civilians in Syria.
According to reports, the attack claimed 87 lives.
The Permanent Secretary Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Mr Olushola Enikanolaiye, in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday urged all parties to the Syria conflict to cease hostilities and respect the Chemical Weapon Convention which prohibits the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapon in all armed conflicts.
“Nigeria feels reassured by the UN Secretary General that the UN Security Council, in the exercise of its responsibility for international peace and security, will take adequate measure to address this development,” he added.
The US Secretary of Defense said there is no doubt that the Syrian government was responsible for the poison gas attack last week on a rebel-held town, adding that it had used chemical weapons several times in the past.
During a press conference in Washington on Tuesday, James Mattis told reporters that independent authorities had documented and concluded the use of chemical weapons in an air strike on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province.
The US launched a barrage of cruise missiles against a government-controlled Syrian airfield as a response.
First VP Mehriban Aliyeva attends opening ceremony of exhibition "Modernism and Fashion" (PHOTO)
2017-10-07 00:57 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 7
Trend:
The Heydar Aliyev Center hosted the opening ceremony of the exhibition of clothes and jewelry of the 1960s "Modernism and Fashion" by the Alexander Vasiliev Foundation.
First Vice-President of Azerbaijan, Mehriban Aliyeva took part in the opening ceremony held on October 6.
Director of the Heydar Aliyev Center Anar Alakbarov, addressing the event, stressed that the Center had already become a venue for international exhibitions.
“We have several times turned to the fashion theme with the support of the Heydar Aliyev Foundation,” he said. “The fashion show displaying Azerbaijani ornaments of Italian fashion designer Renato Balestra was held at the Center. Moreover, jewelry, samples of personal clothes of the Princess of Monaco Grace Kelly were presented in 2015 at the exhibition of the automobile collection "Grace Kelly: The Princess and the Style Icon", which was for the first time represented in Azerbaijan.”
The event showcases 100 samples of clothing and 350 accessories, dating back to the 1960s, from the unique collection of the Alexander Vasiliev Foundation.
Among the exhibits are rare dresses of Haute Couture made in the atelier of the world famous designers - Chanel, Dior, Balmain, Yves Saint Laurent, Balenciaga, Nina Ricci, Cardin, Couregge, Laroche, Cassini, and Valentino.
Alexander Vasiliev is a well-known collector, fashion historian, art critic, interior decorator, theater artist, author of books and articles on this subject, TV host of some TV programs, member of the Russian Academy of Arts, founder of the international interior prize "Lilies of Alexander Vasiliev". His collection consists of more than 50,000 exhibits from the 17th century to the present.
Bell Academy's physical education teacher Joyce Aycock saw a great need to have a new physical education classroom for her students.
In November 2016, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Mississippi awarded the academy with a Mississippi Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance grant.
The grant allowed Aycock to have a P.E. building built behind the school.
Parent volunteers and others in the community built the bolt up steel building and it includes new basketballs, exercise mats, stack cups, hula-hoops and more.
Fifth grade student Taylor Anderson said since the opening of the new P.E. building, he and his classmates have been able to do a lot more physical activities.
"It's been a lot of fun since we have been in the new P.E. class."
Anderson and sixth-grader Jade Cole said their class had to move around a lot before the new building.
The students also agreed that it was too noisy being in an open area inside the school where they would sometimes have class.
Cole said, "I think it's good because when we were inside and it was open, it was just too noisy, and now Coach Aycock can actually talk to us instead of trying to whisper because of the open area.
"I like the gym a lot more because we can do more, and we can be louder and we don't have to be as still and quiet because of the other grades because of the open area."
Aycock said, "At first we did not have an indoor space for a physical education class.
"We would be outside on concrete where garbage trucks would come by, the cafeteria workers would come by and visitors back and forth to school would come in the parking lot, and that's the only place we had concrete."
Aycock said she is able to do a lot more with her students now that they are in a new building.
"So now we have an indoor space where we can come and make all the noise we want to make. We can play all the music we want to play, and we can actually move and have P.E.," said Aycock.
Very soon, Aycock will be adding a horizontal rock-climbing wall to the gym.
"I think having a rock wall would be really cool," Anderson exclaimed.
Aycock said the rock-climbing wall should be completed before the official ribbon cutting of the building at 9:30 a.m. Friday.
Aycock said she is looking forward to seeing the community come out to see the progress of the school.
"I would like to thank the parents and community for their support," Aycock said.
SAD news has emerged that local legend Gordon Clarke passed away - but the countless contributions he has made to the community means he'll never be forgotten.
Gordon Clarke's magnanimity not only extended to the entire Mid North Coast, but also in the far off region of Taiwan. Gordon and wife Genny were involved in the World Vision Taiwan Child Care Program.
Growing up in Campsie, Gordon was a Canterbury/Bankstown boy who played baseball with the Petersham Baseball Club and was an avid cyclist, and NSW Cycling Champion.
Conscripted into National Service when he was 18, Gordon served at the Richmond Air Base as Aircraftsman in the panel shop.
He was instrumental in solving the problem of attaching bombs to the aircraft. Following National Service, Gordon was transferred to the RAAF Reserves.
Gordon joined his father as a panel beater at Clarke and Edwards and worked on the moulding for the first Wood Coffill hearse.
Having left Sydney in 1964, Gordon worked for NRMA Maclean, moving to Woolgoolga in 1966 where he purchased the Ampol Service Station, Grevillea Motors.
Gordon was deeply involved with Woolgoolga. His contribution extended to involvement as a Committee Member of the Woolgoolga Beach Reserve Trust, Woolgoolga Rugby League Club and the Woolgoolga RSL.
He served on the Woolgoolga Picnic Race Day Committee as well as the Woolgoolga Sports Council.
He was founder and President of the Bluesox Baseball Club, and a founding member of the Woolgoolga District Orchid Society.
In honour of his service to the Woolgoolga Beach Reserve Trust, a Woolgoolga Street in the Beach Caravan Park was named after Gordon. The Park saw some new buildings erected, and Gordon was hugely honoured when asked if they could name one of the buildings after him.
The Gordon Clarke Amenities Building still stands near the playground today.
The generosity of Gordon saw the Woolgoolga Ambulance Service established and the raising of funds for defibrillators.
Gordon's love of orchid growing was established early in his life with his mother growing Cymbidiums and Cattleyas. Along with many other growers from Woolgoolga, Gordon became a member of the Coffs Harbour Orchid Society.
Realising just how many people were growing orchids in Woolgoolga, Gordon suggested to his Orchid growing mates they start their own Orchid Society. So in 1991 the Woolgoolga Orchid Society was born.
Keen to help novice growers, Gordon's generosity extended to not only sage advice but he gave away many an orchid plant to encourage anyone who had the slightest interest in orchid growing.
It sparked a national debate on last year's Love Island when Camilla Thurlow said she preferred to split the bill on first dates due to her feminist principles. And while paying on the first date might not seem like the most pressing of feminist issues, it is an important marker of how modern women view their power and agency in romantic scenarios.
So a new study from Badoo that suggests young British women prefer to pay for the first date, makes for encouraging reading, with 65 percent of those surveyed saying they like to be the one to pick up the tab. And it's not just paying where women are happy to take the lead. The poll also found that 74 percent of British women who use the dating app are making the first move with their matches and initiating conversations.
In a statement, Badoo psychologist and dating expert Claire Stott, explained that she believes growing confidence among women could be the reason behind the findings.
"Confidence is one of the most attractive qualities in a prospective partner. Women that take initiative and pay for dates exude self-confidence. Equally, men who are confident should find no issue in women who take control in this way. This reinforces each gender's actions; only unconfident men would see it as a threat.”
Love Island on YouTube
Stott also added that traditional expectations that men should pay could put them under unfair financial pressure, especially as dating is more common than it used to be, and women aren't willing to take advantage. “Dating apps mean that people are dating way more than they used to," she said. "For men to adhere to the traditional (and outdated) view of paying for and initiating dates all the time, they are likely to face emotional — and financial — burnout. Modern women are aware of this and for the most part, don't want to take advantage.”
The traditional expectation that men should pay for dates existed because women used to be dependent on their family for money. It persisted once women were able to earn their own money, because men generally continued to earn larger salaries for the same roles as women and were more likely to secure better-paid senior leadership positions.
ITV/REX/Shutterstock
However, the pay gap is still alive and kicking. And as the study also discovered, dates are an expensive affair for those surveyed. On average British women are paying over £160 for the date itself and their preparations in the build up to it, including a buying new outfit and makeup, and having their hair and nails done. So what does it say that, according to this study at least, women are feeling financially secure enough and personally confident enough to pay for the first date, pay gap or no pay gap? By footing the bill on first dates could women also be sending out the message that they're done with traditional roles within straight dating scenarios?
Let's hope so, because the expectation that women shouldn't show agency within dating scenarios is seriously outdated. I'm all for greater choice in dating scenarios. If your date earns more than you and you think it's fair they pay, great. If you feel like you'd like to pick up the tab because you did the asking, you go for it. And if you feel like you want to go 50:50 to reflect equality between the sexes, then good on you.
But men and women both lose out when restrictive and outdated gender roles dictate how we should behave. First dates are about showing someone what you're all about, so when it comes to sorting the bill, do what feels right for you, not what you're expected to.
April 23, 2018 will go down as one of the darkest days — perhaps the darkest day — in the history of Toronto.
Never in living memory has Canada's biggest metropolis experienced the horrific and indiscriminate violence that hit from out of the blue on Monday, when the driver of a rented van embarked on a three-kilometre rampage along a sidewalk that left 10 people dead and 15 others injured.
Words seem an inadequate response to something so momentous, terrible and terrifying.
What can be said with certainty, however, is that this cruel attack on people simply going about their daily lives will fill us all with grief, shock, incomprehension and, finally, resolve.
Sorrow comes first and it is for the innocent lives lost and damaged, for the searing pain felt by so many people and the pain that will linger, not only with the survivors but their families and friends. We weep for them all.
Next comes the shock that this atrocity happened in Toronto, which by any standard is a vibrant, global city with a laudably low crime rate. Toronto stands as a model of how a diverse, tolerant citizenry lives, works, plays and thrives in harmony.
We know cars or vans have been used as weapons in cities such as Edmonton, Berlin, Paris and London, England. But we still somehow wonder how such carnage could occur in Toronto.
And that fuels the incomprehension.
There's nothing the people walking along that Yonge Street sidewalk could have done in advance to shield themselves from a killer randomly targeting them. How should we act in such a world? Increased situational awareness makes sense. Hyper-caution tinged with paranoia does not.
Yes, some relief comes from the preliminary reports that this was not a terrorist act. Unless and until authorities say otherwise, Toronto and Canada need not fear this is the start of an organized campaign of ideologically-inspired violence. And it is comforting to know a suspect has been arrested and charged for Monday's crimes.
Security forces arrested seven suspects during search operation in the limit area of Tarnol police station in the wee hour of Saturday.
According to police sources, the door-to-door search operation was conducted in the Dorry area of Tarnol during which seven suspects were apprehended.
At least six kilograms of Chars and 100 grams heroin were also recovered from the possession of the suspected people. The arrested were shifted to Tarnol police station for further investigation.—INP
Related
The Universe as we know it is made up of a continuum of space and time - a space-time fabric that's curved by massive objects such as stars and black holes, and which dictates the movement of matter.
Thanks to Einstein's gravitational waves, we know disturbances can propagate through both space and time. But what's less understood is exactly how that happens when properties of the fabric is continuously shifting.
That could soon be about to change. Researchers have just come up with a brand new mathematical framework that could finally explain how disturbances move through a dynamic space-time fabric - a concept known as 'field patterns'.
If that sounds mind-achingly complex, it's because it is - we're in the realm of theoretical physics here, after all. But the basic concept isn't actually that bizarre.
Field patterns, put very simply, break down space-time into a chessboard, like the one you can see below. The black squares represent one material, and the white squares represent another material with different properties.
The horizontal dimension of the chessboard represents space, and the vertical dimension represents time:
Now picture a disturbance, such as a pulse of laser light, moving forwards in time (starting at the bottom of the chessboard) and spreading out in space through the boundaries of each chessboard square, as in the animation above.
What field pattern theory aims to describe is the propagation of that pulse, and where it will end up. To do this, Milton and colleague Ornella Mattei use computer simulation to test and observe how a range of theoretical systems and patterns would behave.
You can see another example of those computer models in the illustration below - that pattern at the top is a field pattern:
Why do we care about that? Well, field patterns exhibit characteristics of both propagating waves and localised particles, so this new mathematical framework could answer some of the biggest questions in quantum mechanics, where objects blur the fine line between particles and waves.
And, according to lead researcher Graeme Milton from the University of Utah, field patterns could even describe how some of the fundamental components of matter in the Universe come to exist.
"When you open the doors to a new area," Milton explains, "you don't know where it will go."
Still not really getting the concept? Don't worry, you're not alone. While the chessboard analogy is the simplest, perhaps a more useful one is to think of a branching tree.
Think of the roots of the tree as the initial disturbance, and the ground as the initial time point. As time progresses (moving up the tree), the disturbance splits and branches as it encounters different boundaries.
Once you get to the top of the tree, there's a complex network of branches that can be described as the field pattern.
If you look at one tree, the field pattern may appear chaotic, but look at enough trees over enough time, and you can see that the pattern repeats, like a chessboard.
"The idea of a field pattern is a little like a wave in one tree but a separate wave in a different tree," Milton explains.
"You can imagine in one tree there's a wind blowing from one direction that ripples the trees one way. But the other tree, with its own separate sets of leaves, as if the wind is coming from a different direction."
The applications of the work are still emerging, but one area where they might be particularly relevant is quantum mechanics.
One of the lingering questions we have about quantum mechanics is exactly how objects behave as both particles and waves - in quantum mechanics, particles don't have a specific location until they're measured. Instead, their probable location is represented as clouds.
But as soon as an observer measures the position of an object, the wave-like behaviour collapses into a single point of location, like a particle.
This is known as wave-particle duality. And field patterns might bridge this duality, because the disturbances are represented as points and discrete lines, like a particle, but then they also diffuse like a wave.
In its current form, field pattern theory doesn't allow for the pattern to collapse back into a single point, but the researchers think that it could be possible.
Even more than that, they believe the field patterns have a connection to the basic building blocks of matter. A growing idea in physics is that fluctuations in space and time at the smallest scales could give rise to field patterns that manifest themselves as electrons and protons.
"What we see as electrons, protons or quantum mechanical waves are manifestations of the fundamental super microscopic scale of these field patterns," said Milton.
This is still very early theoretical work, and the current field pattern models the researchers have developed have their limitations - for now, overlapping field patterns don't interact with each other, and some field patterns unexpectedly seem to expand exponentially, seemingly out of control. But this paper is just a first pass at the idea.
Now that this research has been published, other mathematicians can begin to conduct their own investigations on field patterns, and only time will tell where the work ends up.
"Something may pop up from this," said Milton. "What's really fundamental, though, is going in a completely new direction."
The research has been published in Proceedings of the Royal Society A.
DRINK-DRIVING is never a good idea, and you would hope most motorists are now well enough educated to know that they shouldn't do it, but what about the morning after?
It's a trap many falls into, having had a good night out, or a glass of vino or two at home, and then driving the next morning and finding themselves still over the prescribed drink-driving limit – when it's too late! AlsoSense says 17.8% of drivers are caught over the limit the morning after.
The consequences of getting caught are, in most cases, a year's driving ban and a huge fine, followed by increased insurance costs – something most drivers would find incredibly inconvenient and costly. The ramifications can be even worse – you could lose your job, and then your home because you can't pay your mortgage, or you could cause an accident that involves other people. It's simply not worth it.
AlcoSense produce a range of personal breathalysers which allow users to test themselves the morning after they have had a drink – before they get behind the wheel.
While Christmas is the most commonly perceived time for drink-drivers and the focus of many national campaigns over the years, many people now commit to a dry January to rid themselves of the Christmas excesses. But as we get into February and people allow themselves a few drinks again, investing in your own personal breathalyser could just save your licence – and avoid a potentially nasty accident.
The potentially dangerous ‘morning after drinking' driving habits may be an under-acknowledged risk area. If this includes driving for a living, or ferrying children around, a personal breathalyser could be a life-saver for themselves and other road users.
AlcoSense is one of the leading brands in personal breathalysers and the ultimate personal breathalyser in the AlcoSense range is the AlcoSense Ultra, SSP £249.99, with more features than any other device in the range, and we've been putting one to the test.
It comes in an impressive box, and a generous supply of blow tubes and is quick and easy to set up. It also has its own little carrying case so it's easy to keep your breathalyzer and blow-tubes together in your glovebox or door pocket.
The AlcoSense Ultra uses exactly the same professional 200mm2 fuel cell alcohol sensor as several UK, US & European Police breathalysers, taking accuracy, features and ease of use to a new level and is the culmination of three years of research and development.
The Ultra uses a professional grade sampling system to ensure that only deep lung air (the most accurate part of the breath) is measured by the sensor. It also uses additional professional grade sensors to measure the blow pressure, flow rate and volume of breath exhaled and takes a reading when one litre of air has been exhaled ensuring that the most accurate sample is always taken. To improve accuracy even further, readings are fine-tuned according to temperature.
Its patented Blow Coach feature helps you to blow into it correctly. If you get it wrong, the Ultra diagnoses why the test failed and gives you tailored tips so that you can quickly get it right next time. Importantly, the AlcoSense Ultra has some clever software to eliminate under-reading by reading a little on the safe side. There is also protection from sensor saturation e.g. if you perform your breath test shortly after drinking when alcohol is still present in the mouth.
The AlcoSense Ultra features a full colour 1.8 inch (48mm) screen which gives you clear traffic light coloured screens with detailed readings of your alcohol level in both blood or breath readings. The Ultra not only alerts you NOT to drive if you're close to or over your chosen limit, it will even calculate how long it will take until you're sober and set an alarm to re-test you again later. And it will store 128 of your personal results in its on-board memory with date and time stamps, using bespoke AlcoSense software. This is downloadable onto your PC giving you a record of your results.
All European and several worldwide drink-drive limits are pre-set on the Ultra so it's easy to use on any cross-border road trip year round. Should a limit change, the unit can be updated through a software download from AlcoSense. You can even pre-set your own self-imposed limit lower than the country you are in.
And finally, the Ultra features a backlit blow tube receptor so it's easy to use on dark mornings, evenings or at dusk. The mouthpieces feature a one-way valve to eliminate contamination from previous tests for ultimate accuracy.
“Even one alcoholic drink can slow your reaction time, inhibit judgement, reduce concentration and affect motor skills such as eye, foot and hand co-ordination – increasing the likelihood of an accident,” says Hunter Abbott, the managing director of AlcoSense and member of PACTS, transport safety advisers to Parliament.
AlcoSense offers a re-calibration service by post using Police spec Breath Alcohol Simulators for your Ultra on an annual basis. The Ultra will automatically alert you to this check after 11 months and, after posting to the company, will be back with you within five working days.
The AlcoSense Ultra is manufactured under ISO13485 conditions, the benchmark in medical device quality systems.
For more information on the AlcoSense range, visit the website www.alsosense.co.uk.
Google will soon be rolling out Material Design to the Google Calendar website
The Google Calendar app for Android first received Material Design way back in 2014, but the same cannot be said of the website. It has been over three years since Google first introduced the Material Design language, but the company has yet to roll it out to its web properties such as Gmail and Calendar.
That will soon change, at least for Calendar. Reddit user xDawnut has shared images over the new UI, released as part of the Trusted Tester program. The new layout looks very similar to the Google Calendar Android application, as one may expect. There are new designs for day, week, month and list view as well as the settings menu.
The differences between the old and new design (as seen above) are...drastic. I'm not sure why it took Google this long to get the Calendar web site updated, but it's good that it's almost complete. Most importantly, it seems Google hasn't deprecated any functionality while rolling out this new design. Here is a gallery of the new design:
Looking forward to the design improvements to Google Calendar? Let us know down below!
Fairfield Central Beats Camden 27-7
Camden is struggling big time this season. The Bulldogs took on Fairfield Central, a team coming off back to back wins. The Griffins rolled to an easy 27-7 win to improve to 5-3 overall. Camden falls to 1-6 on the season.
London and Copenhagen-based fintech startup Pleo, which offers a card and app to manage company expenses, has closed an additional $3.25 million in funding. The round was led by European VC firm Creandum, with participation from pre-seed and seed investor Seedcamp, and previous backer Founders.
Launched officially in July 2016, Pleo consists of the Pleo MasterCard, a prepaid card that can be charged up and handed out to employees, either physically or virtually. This is then coupled with Pleo's backend system and app, making the card somewhat intelligent and able to categorise spending automatically as well as capture any receipts associated with each transaction.
Similar to Soldo's newly-launched business offering, each Pleo user can have different spending rights, such as ‘per transaction' or weekly/monthly limits, with these permissions controlled and monitored via the central Pleo company dashboard.
Transactions are updated in real time, too, and the prepaid element means no waiting to be reimbursed and less waiting for approval, which is traditionally a real pain-point for employees and companies alike. The platform is also able to export data to a company's accounting system.
Johan Brenner, General Partner at Creandum, who will be joining the Pleo board, says in a statement: “Dealing with expenses today involves too many manual processes and creates friction for businesses everywhere. With Pleo, it's now easy to buy things for work and seamlessly manage and control expenses. There are lots of expense apps out there but none that provides the ease of use and integrated solution. We just love strong teams and great products and are proud to partner up with Jeppe and Nicco”.
IT buyers seeking a data warehouse often compare Oracle's Exadata system with Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Vertica system, according to IT Central Station, an online community where IT managers review enterprise products. And both systems have their fans.
Exadata users like the "smart scan" feature, which offloads intensive SQL workloads to the storage servers, for example. Vertica users like the product's columnar storage, which makes "hot data" available faster than does a traditional database, according to one data scientist in the community.
But users also say the systems have room for improvement. Oracle's product needs a better patching process, for example, and HPE Vertica's documentation "still has a long way to go," according to user reviews at IT Central Station.
IT Central Station has produced a 68-page report that compares the two rival systems, based on commentary written by enterprise users about the strengths and weaknesses of each product.
Register to download the report, "User Reviews of Oracle Exadata and HPE Vertica," to read detailed user reviews about these rival products.
We may be witnessing history on Saturday, if you dare tune in. With Derek Carr's injury and Brock Osweiler getting benched in favor of Tom Savage, we may be seeing the least experienced playoff game at the QB position ever, by a pretty big margin.
I say if because Houston started Tom Savage on Sunday but he had to leave due to the concussion protocol (then, oddly, re-entered briefly in a meaningless game only to then be pulled out again due to concussion). If Savage is cleared to play, then we would have a matchup where both starting quarterbacks have started less than 7 career games.
Oakland has Matt McGloin (7 career starts, 1-6 record) or rookie Connor Cook (0 career starts). Cook would become the first player to make his NFL starting debut in the postseason if he starts instead of McGloin.
Via a Pro Football Reference Search of all QBs to throw a postseason pass in a game, here is a summary of every quarterback to start a postseason game going back to 1950, after starting 10 or fewer career games to that point:
The one-start club includes Todd Marinovich for the Raiders against the Chiefs, Doug Flutie with the Bears (of course, Flutie had played in the USFL), Gifford Nielsen starting for an injured Dan Pastorini against the Chargers, and a young Ron Jaworski with the Rams.
Savage would match Joe Webb with two career starts at QB (Webb also started one at WR) before a playoff start.
No game has featured two quarterbacks starting against each other on this list. The “least experienced” game is Dallas and Minnesota in 1971– featuring Bob Lee (6 starts) vs Roger Staubach (14 starts), though Staubach did not have the typical career path and had gone 10-0 after taking over as the starter in Dallas that year. Next was Houston and Cincinnati in 2011 — with T.J. Yates (5 starts) vs Andy Dalton after his rookie year (16 starts).
Headingley
Mohammad Amir claims bowling Pakistan to a Test series win in England would be “the best memory” of his life.
Fired-up Amir was a key figure in Pakistan's nine-wicket win over England in the first Test at Lord's.
The 26-year-old pace bowler took five wickets in a triumph that put Pakistan on course for a series victory.
The second Test of the two-match series begins at Headingley on Friday and Amir has his sights set on completing a success that would rank as the finest achievement of his career.
“It's a big achievement winning in Test cricket in England against England at home,” he said on Wednesday. “If we win the series I think it will be the best memory of my life.”
Also read: Comment: Pakistan show new dimension to their cricket with Lord's win
Amir was delighted with Pakistan's dominant display at Lord's but he expects England's wounded pride will ensure the hosts push them much harder in Leeds.
“Winning games at Lord's — the home of cricket — it is very hard to win (in England). We did well at Lord's, but it's passed now,” he said.
“Everybody knows England is a very good side — I think one of the best sides in Test cricket — and they will come harder at us here. But we are ready for that challenge.”
Mohammad Abbas was Pakistan's most potent seamer at Lord's, with eight wickets, while Hasan Ali took four in the first innings.
Amir believes they all have Pakistan bowling coach Azhar Mahmood to thank for the damage they caused to England's creaky batting line-up. “Credit goes to all the bowlers, especially Mohammad Abbas. He's bowling very well — and Hasan Ali,” Amir said.
“But credit goes to Azhar Mahmood as well. He's working hard with us and keeps telling us, ‘Pitch the ball up, pitch the ball up'. I think that was the main difference at Lord's.
“We are looking for the same here, and I always give the credit to Azhar Mahmood because he is working so hard — and he is the man behind this.”
Report ‘full of errors': Sanaullah
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Following a Lahore High Court (LHC) directive to make Justice Baqar Najafi's report — compiled after a judicial inquiry into the 2014 Model Town incident — available for public consumption, the Punjab government on Tuesday evening released the report through the website of its public relations directorate.
From a reading of the conclusions of Justice Najafi's report, it is understandable why the provincial government fought tooth and nail to prevent its release.
It is also understandable why its publication was preceded by a lengthy press conference by Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah in which he sought to highlight the report's flaws, including what he called its reliance on “secondary evidence” and it, therefore, having no legal status whatsoever.
He kept referring to it as “defective”, and the Punjab government made sure the Justice Najafi report was accompanied online by a one-man committee's report on a review of its flaws.
Delineating the chronology of events, Justice Najafi reports that then Punjab Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Rana Sanaullah seems to have already decided on June 16, 2014 that Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) Chairman Dr Tahirul Qadri would not be allowed any opportunity to hold a long march from Rawalpindi to Lahore, as the latter planned to do on June 23, 2014.
This single-minded determination of the minister to thwart Dr Qadri's political objectives ended up influencing the police's heavy-handed strategy in dealing with the situation, which resulted in the needless loss of lives the very next day, Justice Najafi argues in the report.
Though Justice Najafi himself does not affix responsibility for the tragedy, he invites readers to review the facts and circumstances and “easily fix the responsibility of the unfortunate Minhajul Quran incident” themselves.
In his report, Justice Najafi recalls that, during the June 16 meeting, Sanaullah was told that the PAT was seeking to overthrow the government and bring a “revolution”, which Sanaullah made clear that Qadri would not be allowed to achieve.
The commissioner Lahore is then said to have briefed the minister about the barriers placed on roads around the PAT-run Minhajul Quran Academy, which were technically illegal and could be considered and treated as encroachments by the authorities.
Going by Justice Najafi's account, Sanaullah seems to have seized on this ‘excuse' to disperse the PAT supporters from Minhajul Quran's vicinity.
It was “decided to remove them [the encroachments] with immediate effect,” Justice Najafi writes.
“Dr Tauqeer Shah also consented on behalf of the Chief Minister, Punjab, [Shahbaz Sharif] for the removal of the barriers,” he sates, hinting at the possible involvement of the provincial chief executive.
The police were sent over to take action. They reached the spot around midnight of June 16, 2014 to execute their orders, but “the furious mob and [PAT] sympathisers commenced pelting stones on police”, reads the report.
“The police, as [a] retaliatory measure, resorted to firing towards the protesters, leaving many persons injured at the site of the incident […] some of whom succumbed to their injuries afterward,” the report states.
Justice Najafi observes that the “level of offensive” used by police was not “by any stretch of imagination” commensurate with the resistance offered by the “unarmed PAT workers”.
He also regrets the non-cooperation of the police in helping him dig out the truth. “[…] No police official from top to bottom, whether those who actively participated in the operation or not, […] uttered a single word about the person under whose command the police resorted to firing upon the PAT workers,” he writes.
“Understandably, all [police officials] were in unison in withholding the information from this tribunal… unfortunately, such are the facts and circumstances under which 14 persons have been shot,” Justice Najafi states. The judge also notes that the order to open fire must have been given specifically by an officer of the police not below the rank of an Assistant Superintendent or Deputy Superintendent of Police, according to Section 128 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1898.
“The tribunal, therefore, remained conscious of the deliberate silence and concealment of facts by police officials/officers […] creating circumstances to think that the police had to abide by the command announced secretly (or openly) to achieve the target at the cost of even killing the unarmed but precious citizens of Pakistan.”
“This led the tribunal to say that this motif of betrayal of law by the police aimed at burying the truth speaks volumes of their high handedness,” he states.
More worryingly, Justice Najafi recalls that when the federal government was asked why the Punjab police chief and DCO Lahore were changed in the run-up to the Model Town “bloodbath”, it did not provide any satisfactory response. “Such facts and circumstances obviously lead to an adverse opinion,” his report states.
There is more for the casual observer to wonder about: “The day (Jun 17, 2014) and time (between 10.30am to 12pm) both are very vital as the IG Punjab did not practically take over the command of Punjab Police [by then] and at the same time the honourable new chief justice was about to take oath. Had this tribunal been empowered to investigate, the hidden truth [regarding the government's behind-the-scenes machinations] might have been exposed,” Justice Najafi writes.
Doubts are also raised regarding the intentions of Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif.
“According to him, having seen the standoff at 9.30am on TV, he immediately contacted his secretary, Dr Tauqir Hussain Shah, on phone to order the police to disengage forthwith,” recalls Dr Najafi. However, he notes, this statement does not corroborate with what Rana Sanaullah or the Punjab home secretary deposed before him.
“The collected reports from all concerned and the affidavits submitted by the police officers in the field do not depict that any order of ‘disengagement' by the chief minister, Punjab, was ever conveyed/received,” the report states. “It is shocking to note that everyone has deliberately but unsuccessfully tried to cover each other from possible adverse legal effects.”
“While putting all the facts and the circumstances [together], it has become crystal clear that [the] order for disengagement was not passed at all. Rather, the position taken by CM Punjab appears to be an afterthought defense not taken before the nation in the press conference,” Justice Najafi states.
The report also expresses disappointment over the fact that the Punjab government did not empower the tribunal under Section 11 of the Punjab Tribunals Ordinance, 1959.
“The entire gamut of facts and circumstances speak volumes that there was no good intention of the [Punjab] government to arrive at a definite and truthful result,” it states.
Hours after a full bench of the Lahore High Court (LHC) directed the Punjab government to release a judicial inquiry report into the Model Town tragedy, Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah on Tuesday said the report has been made public.
Addressing a news conference in Lahore, Sanaullah said the decision of making the report public was made on the directive of Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif.
Terming the report full of errors and ineffective, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) provincial minister said that no one was being blamed in the report, adding that there was not a single word written in the report that could link CM Shehbaz Sharif to the deadly incident.
At least 14 Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) workers were killed in a deadly clash with police in Lahore's Model Town neighbourhood in 2014.
The report was uploaded on official website of director general of public relations Punjab.
LHC orders Punjab govt to make Model Town Inquiry report public within 30 days
Earlier in the day, PAT chief Dr Tahirul Qadri said his party would stage another sit-in if the report on the Model Town incident was not made public as ordered by the court.
Speaking at a press conference in Lahore, Qadri said 14 PAT members were killed and 90 others injured when police opened fire on them on the orders of the Punjab government.
He said following the court's decision, he will go along with his followers to the Civil Secretariat Punjab to get the Model Town Incident Report.
“If the government hands over the report, we will leave. If they don't, we will have a sit-in there. We will see what happens after that.” He added that the court's decision also vindicated their stance.
“We have been saying from the beginning that the Punjab government is responsible for the incident. It was on the orders of the ministers of Punjab that our offices and members were attacked.
“The Supreme Court did not take notice of the incident nor did they register cases against those responsible,” Qadri said.
“We had demanded the resignation of ministers, creation of a joint investigation team (JIT), and requested the apex court to form a tribunal. But none of those demands were accepted.”
Qadri said his party had staged a 75-day long sit-in in Islamabad, following which the army chief intervened, and a case was registered against those responsible for the incident.
“The government tried to bury the findings of the report for three and a half years to protect the culprits. Very soon, the Sharif brothers will be in prison and the families of those martyred will finally get justice.” At this juncture, Qadri also instructed his party leaders to ‘prepare his container'.
