AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says he is withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for his sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a freshman, announced his plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a freshman, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, he wasn't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
Train collision with vehicle in Kyogle near Andrews Street just outside the CBD.
MOTORISTS are 10 times more likely die in a collission with a train than with another car, according to NSW Police. Chief Inspector Bruce McGregor APM.
Chief Insp McGregor said the very size and mass of a train completely overwhelms that of a motor vehicle.
He said no-one who read of the tragic accident at Kyogle rail crossing on June 14 this year would underestimate the importance of safe driving at rail crossings.
He agreed when Bronwyn Callaghan's car was hit by a train at the Yongurra Rd crossing in Kyogle a few months ago, her death shook the local community.
Now he said, police are urging drivers and commuters to behave responsibly at level crossings and around train stations for Rail Safety Week 2017
Rail Safety Week which runs from August 14 to 20, is an annual community awareness week held in Australia and New Zealand designed to engage the community in safe rail practices.
NSW Police will be conducting an operation throughout the week which will see officers from the Police Transport Command and Traffic and Highway Patrol Command patrolling for those trespassing or putting themselves in danger in and around trains and drivers taking risks at level crossings.
As part of Rail Safety Week, officers from the Police Transport Command will raise awareness to the dangers of rail crossing and trespassing on train tracks.
Chief Insp McGregor said motorists who disobey level crossing flashing lights, booms or stop signs or who queue across railway tracks at a level crossing face a $439 fine and licence three demerit points.
"This is a significant reason not to drive dangerously,” he said.
"Another is between July 2001 and June 2017, there have been 134 collisions involving trains and road vehicles at level crossings throughout the state.”
He said during Rail Safety Week, we will be on the look-out for road users disobeying level crossing controls, drivers who speed near level crossings, and drivers who are concentrating on a mobile phone, rather than level crossings.
Chief Insp McGregor said police are reminding people to not take unnecessary risks.
"You don't know when a train could approach and you may not hear it coming,” he said.
"A minute saved by taking a short cut, is not worth your life and the devastation brought to families and friends”.
He said one of the areas Rail Safety Week focuses on is level crossings and is an opportunity to focus attention on the high consequences of disobeying signs, flashing lights and boom gates at level crossings.
"A single moment of distraction or recklessness could cost someone their life,” he said.
Skechers India designs, develops and markets a range of performance and lifestyle footwear for men, women and children along with apparels and accessories.
New Delhi: Skechers, the American sports lifestyle brand, has rolled out its first India specific campaign ‘Beat My Speed' featuring four Indian athletes.
The company, which was launched in the country in 2012 through a joint venture with Kishore Biyani-led Future Group, is promoting its GoRun 6 performance shoe range designed for running through the campaign.
Skechers India designs, develops and markets a range of performance and lifestyle footwear for men, women and children along with apparels and accessories.
Made by advertising agency Scarecrow M&C Saatchi, the digital film Piao features four athletes—female wrestler Ritu Phogat, India U-19 World Cup cricketer Shubman Gill, former captain of the Women's National Basketball team Akanksha Singh and India U-17 footballer Sumit Rathi.
Soumen Das, senior marketing head at Skechers India said that it is the ideal time for runners to be training for the upcoming marathon season and to identify the perfect training shoes.
“It is also our first campaign that features the new generation of Indian athletes from varied sports to highlight the importance of running shoes irrespective to change across different fields,” he said.
The GoRun 6 campaign is being promoted through outdoor, print, digital platforms and on-ground activation across the country.
With its eye on the Indian market, Skechers is moving beyond footwear and has introduced apparel and accessories this year. The brand currently runs 152 exclusive stores across the country. Skechers shoes are also available in all multi-brand outlets like Lifestyle and Shoppers Stop along with e-commerce platforms like Myntra and Amazon.
According to Shubho Sengupta, an independent brand consultant, Skechers has joined the party late when the sports lifestyle brand category already has well-established players like Nike, Reebok and Adidas and new brands such as ASICS.
“In the sportswear category, perception matters a lot. I believe Skechers is perceived more as a fashion and lifestyle brand than a sports brand. It will be an uphill task for the company to change it,” he said.
FARMVILLE, Va. — Scottie James scored 26 points and grabbed nine rebounds and Liberty notched its third-straight win, downing Longwood 67-55 on Saturday.
Lovell Cabbil added 10 points and four rebounds for the Flames (15-10, 6-6 Big South). Caleb Homesley scored nine points with four assists and five steals and led the team with 10 rebounds.
A 3-point play by James capped a 12-5 start for the Flames. Cabbil sank a 3-pointer and Ezra Talbert made a dunk in the final 34 seconds to give them a 32-26 edge at halftime.
Liberty led throughout the second half and James hit a jumper and a layup back-to-back early to help stretch it to 42-26 with 15:36 to play. Later, Cabbil and James traded 3-pointers for a 59-45 advantage with 3:41 left.
by
Vardaman and Calhoun City will open the slow pitch softball playoffs Saturday on the road.
The Lady Rams will play the best of three series at Myrtle. Game one is scheduled to start at 11 a.m. Myrtle finished second in their region winning five of their last seven games. They ended the year with a 16-10 record overall
Calhoun City will travel to Ingomar. The Lady Falcons won their region. Game one is set for 10 a.m.
Upon closing of the acquisition of Tasty Bite, Mars Food will expand our all-natural vegetarian offerings in then US, says Fiona Dawson, global president of Mars Food.
Bengaluru: Mars Food, a unit of American chocolatier Mars Inc., said it has agreed to acquire another US-based firm that makes ready-to-eat products—Preferred Brands International.
Preferred Brands, which sells its products under the brand name Tasty Bite, also runs an Indian subsidiary called Tasty Bite Eatables Ltd and manufactures its products at a facility located in Pune.
Tasty Bite Eatables is listed on BSE and will continue to be listed after the acquisition is completed, Mars Food said in a statement on Monday. Mars Food did not disclose the deal amount but said it is expected to close by the fourth quarter of 2017, subject to regulatory approvals.
Mars Food sells ready-to-eat products, dry rice, sauces, meal kits and spices under brands such as Uncle Ben's, MasterFoods and Dolmio. Tasty Bite has similar offerings but with a focus on vegetarian food and Indian and other Asian cuisines.
“Tasty Bite is a fast growing Indian/Asian dinner time brand. Upon closing of the acquisition of Tasty Bite, Mars Food will expand our all-natural vegetarian offerings in the US, and leverage Tasty Bite's strong product development pipeline, flavour expertise, and strategic sourcing of quality ingredients throughout our portfolio,” Fiona Dawson, global president of Mars Food, said in a statement.
A majority of Preferred Brands' sales comes from North America but the firm also manufactures products that are sold in the UK, Australia and India. Most of the products made at its Pune facility are exported to the US.
In India, Preferred Brands sells its products to other food manufacturers and quick-service restaurants. That part of its business, called Tasty Bite Foodservice, is headquartered in India and its products range from sauces to frozen food like patties, appetizers and meals.
“Mars Foods' strong brand portfolio, global infrastructure, and shared values make it well-positioned to take Tasty Bite to the next level,” Tasty Bite chief executive officer Ashok Vasudevan said in the statement.
ALBANY, N.Y. — Joe Cremo scored a career-high 31 points and Albany pulled away late in the second half to beat New Hampshire 83-74 on Saturday night.
Albany (18-7, 6-4 America East Conference) dropped a three-point decision to New Hampshire (9-15, 5-5) on Jan. 6, and now has won 10 of the last 14 games against the Wildcats.
The games were tied 54-54 when the Great Danes used a 20-10 run for a 74-64 lead with about three minutes left. Cremo scored 11 points and David Nichols made two 3-pointers during the stretch.
Cremo was 8-of-12 shooting and hit 11 of 14 free throws. Nichols added 18 points, Travis Charles had 14 and Greig Stire chipped in 10 for Albany.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
A female stunt driver working on the movie “Deadpool 2” has died after witnesses say she appeared to lose control of a motorcycle before crashing into a window of a building in downtown Vancouver.
A crumpled motorcycle was seen laying on its side surrounded by broken glass a few metres from the smashed window of the Shaw Tower near the city's waterfront. Crew members appeared distraught and one was in tears.
“She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second,” said Nathan Kramchynski, who works inside the Shaw building and watched the accident from the seventh floor on Monday morning.
He said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt across the street outside the Vancouver Convention Centre. The stuntwoman had been riding slowly down a set of stairs and stopping when she reached the road, he said.
When it looked like the crew was ready to film the scene, Kramchynski and his coworkers rushed over to the window to watch. But that time, the driver suddenly picked up speed and crossed the street, he said.
“She kind of weaved through, almost hit a pedestrian,” he said. “She was going full throttle and then there's a building there.”
Sharmina Kermalli was in a Starbucks on the ground floor of the tower when she heard a loud crash. She ran toward the noise and saw a woman lying inside the building, across where the glass panel had been.
Shards were still falling on the woman, and people were running over and picking glass off her face, Kermalli said.
Kermalli said just moments earlier she had walked by the spot where the crash happened.
“I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later),” she said.
Deadpool, a Marvel Comics superhero, is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds. He posted a message to Twitter on Monday.
“Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated … but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment,” he said.
“My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person she touched in this world.”
A spokesman for 20th Century Fox issued a statement Monday that said, “We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
Vancouver police officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC, the provincial workplace safety agency, were also looking into the crash.
Kramchynski, the witness who watched from the seventh floor, said a fire truck and police cars arrived “instantly” after the crash happened.
“The response was actually incredible,” he said.
He said he watched as the stunt woman was carried on a stretcher into the ambulance, which remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving.
Later on Monday, the motorcycle was removed from the area and the broken glass was swept up.
The crash happened just half a block from the scene of an accident on Sunday where a bus hit several pedestrians, killing one man and injuring two others.
Bradley Chubb was enjoying one of what has felt like a handful of down moments in the past few months, relaxing between meetings and workouts, when his phone buzzed with an alert.
“I was like, ‘Oh snap! They traded JPP!,'” Chubb told Newsday on Tuesday of the Giants' decision to deal defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul to the Buccaneers last month.
All of a sudden, the Giants were in need of a pass rusher. And they had the No. 2 pick. Chubb put the pieces together quickly in his mind.
“I didn't quite think about what was going to happen,” he said, “but I thought about what could happen.”
On Thursday, something will happen. Chubb, the top defender in the draft, will be selected by one team to become their next menacing pass rusher, their next disrupter off the edge, their next quarterback nightmare. It may even be the Giants.
That's something Chubb said he'd be excited about because of “the historic element of it.”
He also hit it off with the team's front office and coaching staff, including defensive coordinator James Bettcher, when he visited the team's facility this month.
“There were a lot of great people up there in New York,” he said. “The whole staff was cool. Real personable when I talked to them. I feel like it went real well up there and I'm glad I was able to have the opportunity to go up there.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The opportunity to return could come on Thursday. For now, Chubb is in Dallas getting ready for the big day to finally arrive. He spent Tuesday signing cards and memorabilia on behalf of Panini America, the exclusive trading card partner of the NFL and NFLPA. On Thursday, just hours after he is drafted, Panini will create a new card of him holding up the jersey of his new team.
If he is selected by the Giants with the second overall pick, there will be great expectations of him. Not only will he be the first Giant to be picked at such a lofty position in the draft order since Lawrence Taylor was taken No. 2 in 1981, he'll have to answer to the mandate of general manager Dave Gettleman, who has said that he must be able to envision the pick in a gold jacket.
“I'll just stay true to myself and understand what got me here,” Chubb said of that pressure. “Keep working hard and doing the things that helped give me success. Don't try to make something of myself that I'm not and stay true to my talent and my religion and everything that embodies me. Don't try to change because of different outside expectations.”
Besides, having Gettleman see him as a Hall of Famer is nothing if he considers himself in that same frame. And he does.
“I definitely think about it,” he said. “But I like to set my goals little by little. My first goal is to get drafted and when that happens then my goal will be to earn a starting spot on whichever team drafts me. After that I'll set my goal to get my first sack and then be the Defensive Rookie of the Year. I just set my goals little by little so I always have something to work for.”
Add them up and they may lead to Canton.
“Exactly,” Chubb said.
The NBA has released its schedule for the 2017-18 season and there are some great games that have already jumped out at us.
Here's a look at what we consider the top 10 must-watch games of the upcoming season.
October 19: Los Angeles Lakers vs. Los Angeles Clippers
The regular season debut of Lonzo Ball will certainly be worth a watch. The next era of Lakers basketball gets a prime time game on TNT, but this contest will have a ton of other subplots.
How will the Clippers fare without Chris Paul? Can Blake Griffin dominate without a top-flight point guard getting him the ball? What will the Lakers look like in their first game in the first full year of Magic Johnson's regime? Will a guy like Kentavious Caldwell-Pope be able to thrive in LA?
It should be a fun one.
October 17: Cleveland Cavaliers vs. Boston Celtics
The presumed top two teams in the Eastern Conference face-off to open the season. Boston will be looking to stake its claim as the favorite, while LeBron James and company will be looking to reestablish their dominance.
Isaiah Thomas has more help now with Gordon Hayward and Jayson Tatum in the fold. Will Kyrie Irving still be present to help King James?
November 15: Los Angeles Lakers vs. Philadelphia 76ers
This is the matchup we'll be talking about for the next decade: Lonzo Ball vs. Markelle Fultz. Who was better? Who should have gone No. 1? Who is the better all-around player?
We missed out on having the top two picks from the 2017 NBA Draft face-off during Summer League, so this will be our first chance to see them on the court together as professionals.
November 22: Oklahoma City Thunder vs. Golden State Warriors
Russell Westbrook has help now with Paul George in the fold. This is the first real test of how the new-look Thunder will match up against the defending champs and it will happen in Oklahoma City. Will Russ still be side-eying Kevin Durant?
December 13: Indiana Pacers vs. Oklahoma City Thunder
Indiana will welcome George back to the state when his former team hosts the Thunder. The young, rebuilding Pacers will battle a Thunder team looking to push to the top of the Western Conference. How will the fans welcome George back?
December 25: Golden State Warriors vs. Cleveland Cavaliers
A Christmas Day spent with LeBron going at Stephen Curry and his teammates in Oakland. The teams have faced off in three-straight NBA Finals, and it's still fun watching them play.
It will be the first of two matchups between the teams this season. The second will come on January 15 in Cleveland.
December 25: Boston Celtics vs. Washington Wizards
There won't be much Christmas cheer in the air when these two teams meet. The Celtics and Wizards had wildly contentious series in the 2017 Eastern Conference semifinals. The Celtics won in seven games but it's clear nothing was resolved. John Wall and company will be looking for revenge.
December 25: Oklahoma City Thunder vs. Houston Rockets
Man, the Christmas Day games are going to be awesome this year. This one pits Westbrook against James Harden — the two NBA MVP favorites from last season — against each other. The two former teammates will undoubtedly attempt to outdo one another, but now both guys have help in the form of Paul George and Chris Paul.
January 15: Los Angeles Clippers vs. Houston Rockets
Chris Paul's return to Los Angeles to face the Clippers should draw a lot of attention. After his unexpected departure for Houston and the revelations of his contentious relationship with Doc Rivers, this one will definitely bear watching.
March 28: Utah Jazz vs. Boston Celtics
Gordon Hayward will be returning to Utah for the first time after he bolted for Boston this offseason. Jazz fans were not happy with his decision to leave, nor the way it went down. How will he be welcomed back?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Stokes has had an injury scare ahead of Friday's second Test against Pakistan after complaining of a tight left hamstring at training.
England's star all-rounder suffered the injury during fielding drills at Headingley on Wednesday, and was unable to bowl in the nets.
Stokes will be reassessed by medics on Thursday morning, but Surrey left-arm seam all-rounder Sam Curran has been added to the squad as a precaution.
Curran was a part of England's T20 squad in Australia and New Zealand but this is his first Test call-up, although it is unlikely that he would leapfrog Chris Woakes into the team.
(Image: PA Wire)
The 19-year-old celebrates his 20 birthday on Sunday and has been in decent form with the ball for Surrey this summer taking his first 10 wicket match haul.
However, Stokes' value to England is perhaps greater with the bat than the ball and that is where Curran doesn't quite cut the mustard this season.
With the bat, his returns have been sparse with a top score of 13 in Championship cricket and 30 in white-ball cricket thus far.
(Image: Getty)
England's major problem remains scoring runs, which is why Jos Buttler would move up one place in the order to six if Stokes doesn't prove his fitness in time.
Woakes would slot in at number seven, where he will fancy his chances of following up his last Test innings of 52 with more of the same.
The one area though where neither Woakes nor Curran can hold a candle to Stokes is when it comes to his imposing stature and attitude that gives England their edge.
(Image: Getty)
He is the team's talisman and the man behind whom the rest of the team lineup when it comes to the battle.
England badly missed his skills Down Under but they also missed his attitude and his relentless intensity that puts oppositions on the back foot in every contest.
It is for this reason as much as for his batting that England will hope his injury is just a bit of tightness and nothing more so that he can take his place in a side that simply must win their next game.
Ranchi: There was a time not in the distant past when Tim Paine was looking to call time on his cricketing career but a contract with Tasmania state side and selection in the Australian T20 squad change things for him.
"It's a turnaround. I was looking to probably retire and accept a job with Kookaburra company. Then I had the opportunity to stay with Tasmania for another couple of years. Then I got picked to play in the T20Is in Sri Lanka and another opportunity here. It's turned around pretty quickly and I am grateful for that," Paine said at the pre-match media conference.
Paine, who has featured in four Tests and 26 ODIs for Australia, said he has no regrets despite not being picked earlier.
"It would not be easy to do that. I have been lucky to have played some Tests for Australia. For me, to sit back and be bitter about what happened would be pretty silly, even before getting back into the T20Is," said Paine.
He may not have had a great international career but he is happy with he has achieved.
"I am really proud of what I have achieved in cricket. I don't look at what might have been. I am happy with what's happened so far and hopeful that it will continue for another few years."
At 32, Paine does not want to look too far ahead, when asked about if he has any target in mind.
"First and foremost, it's to do well tomorrow night. I know it's a bit of a cliche but someone my age and my position, it would be foolish to look too far ahead," said Paine.
"I just have to keep reminding myself to do well in a new series, and then when I head home to Australia I hope to start the Shield season and the JLT Cup really well. Not looking too far ahead."
On tomorrow game, Paine said that rival skipper Virat Kohli will be the most important player in the opposition line-up.
"Obviously, he is a really good player. Not many teams had much success against him. He will be a huge wicket tomorrow night and in the whole series," Paine said.
"We had a brief chat about him in the team meeting last night. I don't want to get into the details. We certainly have got a couple of plans, we will see how it goes."
Australia will have to do something special to stop India who are fresh from a dominating 4-1 series win in the ODIs.
"India are playing some really good cricket. They are high on confidence. We are going to come out firing tomorrow night," he said.
© Fox News
He rejoiced that America was now a "player in the Syrian civil war"
He advocated the creation of safe zones, which, he let on, the Trump administration has disguised from Americans with the blander term "zones of stabilization".
He drooled with a keen, near-orgasmic eagerness at the possibility of Asaad using gas-or-barrel bombs on civilians so that Trump could destroy the other five operational Syrian airfields.
He never really knew where the Trump administration "would move in terms of America's global leadership" and the republic's "historic traditional role to help stabilize the world". He feared, explained this military deity, that Trump might "pull back and be more isolationist."
He then said "but that's over" and during the last week the Trump administration showed that it is "reassuming the protection of U.S. interests and the interests of our allies."
He went on to express his regret over the time that had been wasted by "lot of debate" about that non-interventionism stuff. That debate, the almighty military god then declared, is ended, adding "that is a fact", and that non-interventionism is "no longer a debatable subject."
Endnotes:
It was almost as if a retired U.S. general wanted to sharpen and buttress the point made in this space on 11 April 2017, the one that argued that President Trump ought to purge scores of serving U.S. generals if he intends to put America First and thereby abandon endless, unnecessary war. Today, 12 April 2017, retired U.S. Army General Jack Keane appeared twice on FOX News and did exactly that.Keane has been a staple interviewee on FOX for as long as I can remember. He has been treated as great military god by every FOX host, andAnd when the military interventionism that he and his fellow generals — retired and serving — have advocated becomes an obvious and murderous quagmire that kills our Marines and soldiers, deepens the nation's bankruptcy, and returns thousands of maimed, mentally troubled, and suicide-prone veterans to the United States, the loud demand from Keane and his far-from-the-front general buddies is always the same; namely,Some military god, eh?In two appearances on FOX today, General Keane was at his smug, arrogant, and relentlessly interventionist best. On Fox&Friends this morning, Keane crowed with smarmy self-satisfaction:Following this war-loving warm-up, General Keane swaggered over and parked his god-like butt on the set of Trish Regan's Intelligence Report. There he said:Well, guess again arrogant and aging god-boy. Your oracular arguments, divine assertions, and omnipotent declarations can be picked apart and killed just as Royal Marine Major John Pitcairn's redcoats were by America's citizen-soldiers — fortunately no West Pointers among them — as they retreated headlong from Lexington to Boston. But, for now, the important thing for you and your stinking band of general-officer brothers to know is that, unless you can use Obama's law allowing national-government censorship of the internet, your non-interventionist enemies will make absolutely sure that the Founder's argument against American interventionism is continued and continuously spread and strengthened.And if — may the real God forbid — worse ever comes to worst, you will find that there are far more non-interventionists locked-and-loaded than you and your war-loving, but always losing band of brothers have ever imagined.And, oh yes, did I mention that General Keane sits on the Board of Directors of a company called General Dynamics. Coincidentally, that company just happens to sell the technology needed to launch Tomahawks cruise missiles. (1)1.) Guy Who's Been Appearing on Fox to Praise Missile Launch Secretly Works in Missile Tech Industry
Title IX Protects Identities But Can Complicate Justice
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andy Lyons/Getty Images Andy Lyons/Getty Images
There are a lot of reasons victims of sexual assault choose not to report it. High on that list is fear of retaliation, so many victims won't come forward unless they can stay anonymous.
The criminal justice system cannot guarantee that kind of confidentiality for accusers and the accused. Further, when sexual assault is reported to law enforcement, a majority of cases never make it to trial. In fact, only 3 percent to 18 percent of sexual assaults lead to a conviction, according to research funded by the Justice Department.
But a court case involving the University of Kentucky has highlighted how confidentiality can complicate justice.
Jane Does on campus
Student victims have the option of reporting sexual assault to their school's Title IX office. Title IX is the federal law that prohibits gender discrimination on campus. These offices are also tasked with investigating allegations of sexual misconduct and these investigations come with the advantage of guaranteed anonymity for both the accusers and the accused.
The two women at the center of this case were graduate students in the University of Kentucky Entomology Department when they said their adviser sexually assaulted them. NPR spoke with both women and the accused. Because this story is meant to focus on the system, we're respecting the confidentiality of the accused and the accuser. We'll refer to the women as Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, and the accused as the professor.
NPR obtained a report prepared by the University of Kentucky's Title IX office in which the Jane Does allege the professor groped them and said sexually suggestive things to them while attending separate conferences with him.
The Jane Does tell NPR that confidentiality was the most important thing for them when they decided to go to the university's Title IX office with their allegations.
Jane Doe 2 said they never wanted to go through the courts because they couldn't afford to be named.
"I just spent a good portion of my life in grad school trying to further my career and if I'm labeled as someone who filed a sexual assault claim against a professor, that could very easily backfire against me," Jane Doe 2 says. "There's a lot of people in academia who think that there are women who make up stuff like this."
Jane Doe 2's concerns about retaliation in her professional life is just one of many reasons victims of sexual assault choose not to come forward. Research shows that only about 35 percent of rape or sexual assault cases are reported. On college campuses, the percentage of incidents that go unreported is more than 90 percent, according to the National Sexual Violence Research Center.
The Title IX office launched an investigation and after months of interviewing dozens of people and collecting all sorts of evidence, they found enough of it to move to the next step: an official hearing. Who presides over Title IX hearings can vary from school to school, but they are typically run by school officials and do not involve law enforcement. If those presiding over the hearing found the professor guilty, everything would go on his employment record.
But that hearing never took place because the professor was allowed to resign, highlighting what Jane Doe 2 calls a loophole in the Title IX system.
"Not just at UK but at every single university, if a professor resigns before there's a hearing then he's allowed to move on to another university potentially victimizing more students," she says.
In a statement to NPR, the professor said there is no truth to the allegations and that he resigned to protect his family from the publicity and stress of a hearing.
Seeking justice
This gets to the heart of why letting universities handle sexual assault investigations can be problematic. You can't remain anonymous in a criminal case as the Constitution guarantees the right to face our accusers.
It's different going through a university Title IX office, where the primary focus is protecting accusers. The office keeps their identities confidential and there's even a different burden of proof.
Frustrated that there would never be an official hearing, the Jane Does reach out to the university's independent student newspaper, The Kentucky Kernel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Reaves
Marjorie Kirk was the first person at the paper to hear the women's story. Kirk is a journalism student at the school who had made a name for herself as an investigative reporter.
"It was March and a person walked in asking for someone to talk to and I said, 'I can talk' and they basically unloaded this huge story on me," Kirk says.
After hearing the Jane Does' story, Kirk was troubled by the lack of transparency on the university's part and wanted to dig deeper.
"I felt an obligation to the safety of other people to try and report this," says Kirk. "And that's why we started this battle for open records."
The newspaper filed two Freedom of Information Act requests seeking all the documents related to the investigation. The university turned over some records, but not all of them citing a law called the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act — or FERPA, which protects the privacy of student records at all public schools and universities.
"And this institution, the University of Kentucky, has consistently held that student information, particularly in cases that might identify a student in a sexual assault, sexual misconduct case, must be held confidential," says Jay Blanton, a spokesman for the university.
So the newspaper appealed to the Kentucky attorney general, who sided with the newspaper.
But the university still wouldn't give up the records and because of a quirk in Kentucky law that says the attorney general cannot be named as a party in a lawsuit, the University of Kentucky took its own student newspaper to court in order to block the documents from being released.
For Kirk, the move was reinvigorating. She really did believe the university could have simply redacted names and other identifying details and now she'd get to prove it in court. This time a lot more was at stake than just one professor leaving campus without a hearing.
"A decision would be for all the marbles," said Kirk. "It would affect any decision that a judge anywhere would try to come up with for similar documents. They would see this decision and likely follow the precedent."
Then just two days after the lawsuit was filed, representatives of the Jane Does show up at Kirk's office at The Kernel and handed over the full investigation. In the more than 100 pages were interviews with witnesses and e-mails where one of the women confronted the professor about his behavior. The investigation also included the professor's version of events.
So Kirk began writing.
She'd publish her first story after receiving the documents on Aug. 13, but the investigation didn't stop there.
"And as we dug into the system a little more, we saw there was much more to this than one professor," she says. "And so the scope definitely grew into a system that universities were enabling."
Pushing forward, pulling back
While Marjorie Kirk was on a crusade, the Jane Does watch with growing concern. They were happy with the first few articles. The women got to maintain their anonymity and the professor was named. But then their personal story mushroomed into something they hadn't signed on for: dozens of articles and an open records fight.
In an effort to put a spotlight on one broken system, the Jane Does stumble upon another.
Trial-by-Media can be successful in exposing wrong-doing. But media outlets ultimately have said on how they pursue stories and aren't subject to the same rules as the court or universities. So it's really not surprising that The Kernel took the story and tried to expose as much as they could.
In November, the women filed a brief actually taking the University of Kentucky's side.
"There needs to be some sort of reporting system for professors accused of sexual misconduct while still protecting the privacy of victims like me and Jane Doe 1," says Jane Doe 2. "And the records that Marjorie is calling for, those hundreds of pages of documents aren't necessary for that reporting system."
Judge Thomas Clark of the Fayette County Circuit Court tells NPR he plans to issue an opinion sometime in the next two weeks.
But in the meantime, we still have a university struggling to protect students and hold employees accountable, a crusading journalist sued by her own school and two women still searching for a more perfect form of justice.
Ashley S. Westerman is a graduate of the University of Kentucky.
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by her so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed she didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and her representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham's youngsters handed out a battering worthy of a DVD as they put NINE goals past north-London rivals Arsenal on Tuesday.
It's a reverse of fortune from the first team who were beaten 2-1 by Man United in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday meaning they've now lost eight consecutive semis.
However, the kids are alright and proved it by dispatching a slightly younger Arsenal side at Hotspur Way.
It's the polar opposite from the reverse fixture earlier on in the campaign when the Gunners won 6-0 at London Colney back in November.
Rodel Richards gave the hosts the lead, curling a superb shot in the top corner in the 28th minute before doubling his tally a few minutes later.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
Dilan Markanday then made it three in the space of six minutes, beating his man and drilling it low passed Gunners shotstopper Daniel Barden.
Reo Griffiths then got his first of the afternoon short after the restart before setting up Markanday for his second soon after.
Spurs were awarded a penalty which Griffiths dispatched coolly with 25-minutes still to play, and less than 60 seconds later, Arsenal substitute Mazeed Ogungo accidentally steered past his own keeper.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
Griffiths was closing in on the defender who turned into his own net before the striker completed his fourth hat-trick of the season with a great chip from an acute angle.
It turned into a frustrating afternoon for the Gunners who lost two players to injury late on and having used all their subs, ended the game with nine-men shortly before Griffiths scored his fourth.
Spurs U18's beat Chelsea 3-0 in their last game and coach Scott Parker said it was a great all round performance.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
“It was a fantastic performance," he said. "The lads played really well. The last two games have been really good in that sense – goals, good attacking play and two clean sheets against two very good teams.
"Obviously it's important to remember that Arsenal beat us 6-0 earlier in the season and they've got a big game coming up in the FA Youth Cup Final where they might have some different players on display, but our finishing was very good and our all-round play was very pleasing."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Model Sarah Stage, 33, may be nearing the end of her second pregnancy, but that hasn't stopped her from having a nude photoshoot.
The model, cradling her bump, shared the beautiful photo with her 2.3m Instagram followers on Thursday
The LA-based model, who is famous for her workout routines said: "This pregnancy journey is almost coming to an end. I'm incredibly amazed of what our bodies are capable of achieving, growing a healthy baby inside our bellies is truly a miracle!
"Remaining positive through this whole experience has given me the extra strength I needed. After all, our thoughts lead to behaviors, behaviors lead to habits, and habits create our life!"
And, probably unsurprisingly it's dividing her followers.
Most fans were still shocked the beauty was full-term, with some voicing their concern of her the size of her pregnant belly.
But most were supportive and full of praise.
One fan said: "You are proof that anybody can do anything ones you are determined and focused.... Congrats by the way".
While another commented: "It's been a pleasure looking at you being pregnant. So beautiful,shining & glowing! You re a great example for women all over the world. [sic]"
(Image: Instagram)
Not new to the criticism, she faced the same backlash two years ago after posting images of her two weeks before giving birth to son James.
Not afraid of addressing the trolls head on, she said in July : "I'm at a place in my life where happiness, peace and joy are my priority… Especially being #6monthspregnant , there's no room for any negativity so please take it elsewhere."
Since Sarah announced her pregnancy earlier this year, she has managed to maintain the taut body she's come to be known for, still continuing to post videos from her workouts.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Home Office has announced the price of a child's passport will rise by almost 30 per cent.
The rise will see passports cost an additional £12.50 – rising from £46 to £58.50.
The cost of an adult passport will also rise from £72.50 to £85, the Mirror reports .
The Home Office says it wants to shift the cost of passport services onto travellers to make it less of a burden on taxpayers.
The changes, which apply to postal applications, will come into effect on March 27 this year if approved by Parliament.
The Home Office says the hike is nothing to do with bringing back blue passports once Britain exits the European Union (EU).
(Image: PA)
The cost of online applications will go up in line with inflation to £75.50 for adults and £49 for children.
The Home Office announcement said the price rises were part of a £100million border security and infrastructure investment.
Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes said: "The passport is an invaluable document that allows millions of British people to travel around the world for business and pleasure.
"Our priority is to ensure that UK travellers have a secure, effective, and efficient service from the point of application to the time they pass through the UK border and it is only right that we should look at this whole process when setting our fees.
"These proposals will ensure that those people who don't travel abroad are not footing the bill for those who do."
Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director.
Coats will also meet with members of the Senate intelligence committee Thursday, one week after his tense grilling by the panel, according to a committee source.
It is the most significant sign yet that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The White House declined to comment, referring questions to Kasowitz.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
A spokesman for the DNI declined to comment to CNN.
Trump wrote in his letter firing Comey that the ousted FBI director had informed him on three separate occasions he was not under investigation. The President has stressed he was not under investigation, and has taken to Twitter to dismiss the entire investigation as a hoax.
The report that Trump himself is being scrutinized for obstruction of justice served to undercut Trump's claims.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and he was therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the President was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee, wrote a letter to Chairman Chuck Grassley calling for the judiciary committee to establish its own investigation into obstruction of justice.
Grassley on Tuesday stopped short of ruling out establishing a congressional investigation into the question of whether Trump obstructed justice.
Commentary: WASHINGTON, D.C. (April 24, 2018) - Today, U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) met with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Commissioner Mignon Clyburn to discuss improving access to high-speed internet in Tribal communities and protecting net neutrality.
“Access to a free and open internet is essential to fostering innovation and education, and promoting civic engagement,” said Senator Heinrich. “Commissioner Clyburn has been a champion of defending net neutrality and closing the digital divide in our rural and Tribal communities. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to work with Commissioner Clyburn on improving broadband infrastructure and grateful for her support for our Tribal communities.”
Earlier this month, Senator Heinrich convened a panel with the American Library Association and Commissioner Clyburn on improving access to high-speed internet in Tribal and rural communities. The Tribal Connect Act, a bipartisan bill Senator Heinrich introduced with U.S. Senator Dean Heller (R-Nev.), would improve broadband infrastructure and connectivity in Indian Country. The bill would improve and increase access to the FCC's $4 billion schools and libraries universal service support program, known as E-rate, and establishes a $100 million Tribal E-rate pilot program for broadband access in Indian Country to tribes without libraries. While most of the nation's public libraries have received E-rate support, only an estimated 15 percent of Tribal libraries have received critical E-rate funds.
Senator Heinrich is a cosponsor of a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to reinstate net neutrality. The Senate resolution has more than enough support to force an up or down vote on the Senate floor, and is just one vote away from the simple majority of 51 senators needed for passage.
Just in time for summer, Kylie Minogue has released a music video for her new single, "Golden."
The dance music icon celebrated her 50th birthday on Monday (May 28) by sharing the music video for the title track from her most recent studio album.
The video has left you dreaming about hitting the beach, right? Watching Kylie have so much fun as she frolicks in sequins on the beach is just what we needed to kick off summer.
"Golden" is the third single to be released from the album. It's the followup to "Dancing" and "Stop Me From Falling." Click here to purchase the album right now.
Kylie, by the way, celebrated with an fabulous Studio 54-themed birthday bash in London this past weekend. Mel C (Spice Girls), James Blunt, and comedian Graham Norton were just some of the stars who attended the big event.
Happy Birthday, Kylie!
UP NEXT: Why did Kylie Minogue go to Nashville to record Golden?
The music star explains how spending time in Nashville influenced the album:
Will World War III Begin In Outer Space? by Dave Hodges – The Common Sense Show
The world's most troublesome hotspots may not be in the South China Sea, Taiwan, Korea, Afghanistan, Syria, Iran, Israel, Kashmir, Pakistan, Ukraine or Spain's coming civil war. In fact, the coming global conflict may not be located on any map. In order to view the battlefield of tomorrow, just look up into the night sky, to Earth orbit, where a conflict is unfolding that is an arms race by any stretch of the imagination.
If Russia and China decided to launch a concerted attack on military satellites, it would leave America and Europe much more vulnerable to attack by either air or ground forces. If either nation destroyed civilian satellites, the economic effects and loss of life could be profound.
China and Russia Preparing for War In Space
China and Russia are building laser weapons and jamming technology which could target the United States military satellites which are orbiting Earth.
The Joint Staff intelligence directorate, known as J-2, published the warning in a recent report on the growing threat of anti-satellite (ASAT) weapons from China and Russia, according to The Washington Free Beacon.
China and Russia are colluding with each other to limit U.S. defenses in space through collaboration and the development of ASAT weapons.
“Ten years after China intercepted one of its own satellites in low-earth orbit, its ground-launched ASAT missiles are probably operational. Russia's Defense Ministry has completed the construction of two radars for the country's Space Forces and four storage facilities for Bulava sea-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles according to Defense Minister Timur Ivanov.
Both China and Russia have made significant gains in satellite killing technology. In 2007, China spectacularly tested a weapon capable of knocking a satellite out of orbit. They have learned how to jam weapons, use sophisticated laser weapons, and they are een bragging about it.
About 1,300 active satellites occupy near-earth orbit, providing weather pridctions, worldwide communications, GPS navigation and planetary surveillance for the purpose of establishing over the horizon radar for purposes of winning the battles of tomorrow. For militaries that rely on some of those satellites for modern warfare, space has become the king of the hill.
What most people do not realize is that a space could cripple the entire planet's space-based infrastructure. And even though it might begin in space, such a conflict could easily start World War III.
Testifying before Congress earlier this year, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper echoed the concerns held by many senior government officials about the growing threat to U.S. satellites, saying that China and Russia are both “developing capabilities to deny access in a conflict,” such as those that might erupt over China's military activities in the South China Sea or Russia's in Ukraine. China in particular, Clapper said, has demonstrated “the need to interfere with, damage and destroy” U.S. satellites, referring to a series of Chinese anti-satellite missile tests that began in 2007.
The weapon of the future, lasers, can be used to temporarily disable or permanently damage a satellite's components, particularly its delicate sensors, and radio or microwaves can jam or abscond with transmissions to or from ground controllers. Lasers comprise only part of the arsenal of space.
Offensive Space Weapons Are Tested
Fearing Soviet nuclear weapons launched from orbit, the U.S. began testing anti-satellite weaponry in the late 1950s. The US even tested nuclear bombs in space before orbital weapons of mass destruction were banned through the United Nations' Outer Space Treaty of 1967. After the ban, space-based surveillance became a crucial component of the Cold War, with satellites serving as one part of elaborate early-warning systems on alert for the deployment or launch of ground-based nuclear weapons. Throughout most of the Cold War, the Soviet Union tested space mines with a Kamikaze type spacecraft that could seek and destroy U.S. spy satellites by destroying them with shrapnel. In the 1980s, the militarization of space peaked with the Reagan administration's multibillion-dollar Star Wars Initiative which developled near-earth orbital countermeasures against Soviet intercontinental ballistic missiles. And in 1985, the U.S. Air Force staged a clear demonstration of its formidable capabilities, when an F-15 fighter jet launched a missile that took out a failing U.S. satellite in low-Earth orbit. And the space-based arms race commenced.
Targeted Assets
Low- and high-Earth orbits have become the center of scientific and commercial activity with satellites from more than 60 different nations. I have written about how a new internet is being established 62 miles about the earth. However, what is primarily going on in near-earth orbit is not about peaceful development. Despite their largely peaceful purposes, each and every satellite is at risk of being
The Best Weapon: Launching Space Junk
Space junk is the greatest threat to American military satellites. The quickest way to destroy a satellite is to simply launch something which will block the path of the orbiting satellite. Even the impact of an object is small and low-tech as a marble can disable or entirely destroy a billion-dollar satellite. And if a nation uses such a “kinetic” method to destroy an adversary's satellite, it can easily create even more dangerous debris, potentially cascading into a chain reaction that transforms Earth orbit into a demolition derby.
Recent Developments
The U.S.military became resigned, decades ago, that its lower orbit satellites were vulnerable.
In 2013, after the Chinese took down their own weather satellite, the US declassified details of its secret Geosynchronous Space Situational Awareness Program (GSSAP), a planned set of four satellites capable of monitoring the Earth's high orbits and even rendezvousing with other satellites to inspect them up-close. The first two GSSAP spacecraft launched into orbit in July 201. At one time, this was a black program. It is now very much out in the open.Russia has been developing its own ability to approach, inspect and potentially sabotage or destroy satellites in orbit. The take-away is that both side have the capacity to take out each other's satellites.
Consequences
The US national security co massive funding 2015 funding for the Pentagon's Space Security and Defense Program go toward development of offensive space control and active defense strategies and capabilities.
An offensive war in space that would target satellites would be comparable to a massive EMP attack. Further, our ground forces small in number would be in severe danger. US defense forces depend on over-the-horizon radar to locate and destroy the enemy. Without satellites, the US miitary would need to draft millions of American to compensate for the loss of this technology.
The final chapter has not been written as of yet. This is a new battleground and the results are predictably catastrophic, but unpredictable about where this ultimately heading.
Sharing is caring!
Milwaukee Bucks guard Malcolm Brogdon will be sidelined for up to eight weeks with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon.
Brogdon suffered the injury during the second quarter of the Bucks' 108-89 loss at Minnesota on Thursday night. The reigning Rookie of the Year went down after a dunk and needed to be helped off the floor.
The Bucks said in a statement Friday they learned the extent of Brogdon's injury after he underwent an MRI and an examination by the team's doctor.
Brogdon has played in 46 games this season and is averaging 13.3 points, 3.3 rebounds and 3.2 assists per game. He and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar are the only Bucks players to win the league's top rookie honours.
Taraji P. Henson's dog of 16 years has died.
The 47-year-old actress has been left heartbroken after her beloved pet pooch Uncle Willie - who is believed to be a Yorkshire Terrier and Maltese cross breed - sadly lost his life on Thursday (05.10.17) following a long, happy and healthy life for her.
Taking to her Instagram account, the 'Empire' star uploaded a photograph of her furry friend alongside the caption: "Although I understand NOTHING lasts forever the pain is still very real. #RipUncleWillie He made it 16 long years. He truly was #BenjaminButton I will miss you soooooooooo much!!! (sic)."
The brunette beauty then shared a series of collages - featuring her and her canine having a cuddle - made by her fans and thanked them for their sweet messages.
The 'No Good Deed' star then dug through her archive to find a picture of her and Uncle Willie posing in an anti-animal abuse campaign for the animal rights organisation PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) back in 2013.
Speaking at the time, she said: "Dogs, to me, are like children. They are the closest thing to God. They are so pure in their love, and all they do is aim to please."
This isn't the first time Taraji has shown just how much she loves animals either, as she previously stripped completely named for an anti-fur advert for the organisation.
She said of her campaign: "We're not just even talking about a full-length fur coat.
"I'm talking about just, like, fur on your gloves or on your jacket or--what goes into making that little piece of fur ripped my heart out."
Meanwhile, it's not known whether Taraji will get another dog to replace Uncle Willie.
One of Tom Herman's first tasks as new head coach at Texas is to establish recruiting inroads in the regions surrounding the home base. According to an interesting piece by SI's Pete Thamel, Herman has tried and failed three times to set up camps in Louisiana. While nobody involved with LSU football will expressly admit it, it's pretty clear that they are pulling the strings.
This week, for example, Texas was supposed to participate in a satellite camp hosted by D3 Belhaven University. It was originally scheduled to be held in Baton Rouge, and then Hammand, La. Then, according to Thamel, this happened:
Belhaven's camp—originally slated for BREC Memorial Stadium in Baton Rouge—appeared to be in danger early this week, as political pressure on a local high school coach threatened the stadium agreement. Belhaven coaches had linked up with Memorial Stadium officials, [Belhaven head coach Hal] Mumme said, and agreed to pay them $500 for the use of the stadium to host the camp. But Louisiana political forces managed to end that planned camp. After Mumme signed the initial deal, he got a call from an assistant superintendent in Baton Rouge, who invoked a loophole in the paperwork that forced Belhaven to move the camp from BREC Memorial Stadium. Mumme, the former coach at Kentucky, confirmed to Sports Illustrated early Tuesday evening that Belhaven then signed an agreement to host the camp at Saint Thomas Aquinas High School in Hammond. The eleventh-hour change to Saint Thomas was welcomed because one of Mumme's former players at Southeastern Louisiana, Hutch Gonzales, is the school's head coach. But hours after that second agreement, school administrators in Hammond succumbed to pressure from LSU. Mumme said the canceled camp will cost cash-strapped Belhaven, which is located in Jackson, Miss., $5,000.
While this does block Texas from starting to establish footprints in the state, Mumme made the point that it also has the unintended consequence of blocking players who might not be talented enough to play at LSU from getting seen by other schools.
Ed Orgeron has generally denied responsibility for these camps getting canceled on his accord, but as Thamel noted, the LSU coach last month said, “Protecting the state of Louisiana is always going to be my job as the coach of LSU.”
These types of shenanigans seem like par for the course at the highest levels of college football, and it's a fun added element of competition when you keep it in a vacuum between Texas and LSU. But, it does really suck for everybody else caught up as collateral damage.
Cokie Roberts Fields Questions On Past Presidential Summits Steve Inskeep talks to columnist and commentator Cokie Roberts, who answers listener questions on the history of summits between American presidents and world leaders.
Newsroom To 'Chicago Tribune': With 85 Percent Backing, We Have Votes For Union
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multiplatform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
A Chicago Tribune spokeswoman said the paper was reviewing the guild's request. "We believe we can best build on the Chicago Tribune heritage and trust with readers by working together as an organization," she said in a emailed statement. "We will continue to work toward our common goal of ensuring that the Chicago Tribune is a leading source for news and information, whatever the outcome."
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has, in turn, led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times' new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (He took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal. He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, The Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel and Hartford Courant.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, metro editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 that he was leaving the company and tweeted: "owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper Star-Tribune in Wyoming and the Missoula Independent in Montana.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune; its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy; the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye; and four suburban publications.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the first picture of the man “castrated” by his girlfriend in a fit of jealousy.
Shocking new details have emerged how Zhanna Nurzhanova, 36, went about using a scalpel to sever the testicles of her lover named as R. Suleimanov because she alleged he had been eyeing other women.
She lulled him into a “sex game” before sedating him and using a scalpel to emasculate his manhood, according to court documents.
The Kazakh beautician was reportedly furious that he had confessed to his sister that he was attracted to a woman called Karina.
She also found pictures of other “stunning girls” on his mobile.
One account based on an alleged leak of an official court statement on the gruesome case stated: “She didn't throw a scandal, but instead on 21 January, Zhanna pretended she was desperate for sex.
(Image: east2west news)
“She offered to play a sex game and tied his legs and arms with four scarves.
“Then she took out two pills, allegedly barbiturates, and forced them into the man's mouth.
“At about 2 am, she pulled his off his underwear and started accusing him in being in close contact with another woman.
"She beat his head, face and chest with an aluminium stick.
“Then she took three ampuls of (anaesthetic) and a syringe, and injected it all around the man's groin."
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: east2west news)
‘Next she took a scalpel and started to make incisions ….cutting the left testicle and tying the spermatic cord with a thread….
“She cut off his right testicle and stitched the cut but a thread slid off and the man started bleeding.”
The blood gush from his mutilated manhood was so “abundant” that she dressed him and drove him to hospital in Astana where she was detained.
Kazakh lawyer Oleg Korchagin said she could face up to ten years in jail.
She can expect “a minimum of three to seven years in jail, or if the court agrees that the crime was executed in an extra cruel way, she might be jailed from five to ten years”, he said.
However, one expert says the man will still be able to have sex in future despite the vicious attack.
The court statement and a graphic picture makes clear that while his testicles were removed, his penis remains intact.
He suffered “stab wounds to the scrotum, (and) amputation of both testicles”.
Bulat Shalekenov, chairman of the Men's Health Association of Kazakhstan, predicted: ‘“If his penis is still in place, he won't have children, but will be able to have sex.
“His body will inevitably go through hormonal changes like declining libido, obesity, and chronic fatigue.
"He will live and might stay a man by using hormone-replacing therapy to replace his lack of testosterone.
“He might even have a testicles replacement surgery.
“There were cases like this in the world but we have not done such surgery in Kazakhstan.”
Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby's Sexual Assault Trial Closing arguments in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial took place Tuesday. He's accused of assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004, but five other women were allowed to testify about their own alleged assaults.
WATERLOO — Student unions at both the University of Waterloo and Wilfrid Laurier University have been the recipients of mysterious and anonymously-sent packages arriving in Amazon boxes.
From mid-November until early December, the Federation of Students at UW was sent about 10 packages that included a random collection of sex toys and phone accessories such as charging cables and headphones.
"Our receptionist, Mike Cimetta, contacted Amazon and was advised to return the items to the warehouse that they came from," Lisa Umholtz, spokesperson with the federation, said in an email. "So he bundled them all together and 'returned to sender.'"
Kanwar Brar, student union president at Laurier, said they have received similar packages from Amazon.com over the past few months.
Skiing goggles, Bluetooth speakers, a USB charger, essential oils, and phone cases are just some of the many items the student union has been sent.
The student union contacted Amazon, but Brar said the company has not been able to offer much assistance in determining who the deliveries came from.
"Despite our best efforts, customer service representatives at Amazon indicate there is no way to identify the sender or return the items," said Brar in an email.
The Waterloo Region student unions aren't the only ones reporting unsolicited packages.
"We are now aware that this curious phenomenon is occurring at other student organizations across Canada." said Brar.
Ryerson University student newspaper The Eyeopener, was the first to break the story in January, reporting that the Toronto university's student union too had been sent the packages.
The Richmond Hill man is accused of jumping the sidewalk with a rented van and ramming pedestrians along a two-kilometre stretch of Yonge St., between Sheppard Ave. and Finch Ave. on Monday afternoon. Ten people were killed, while another 15 remain in hospital.
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows him asking the officer to "shoot me in the head," claiming he had a gun in his pocket.
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene. The arresting police officer widely praised for his handling of the situation is Const. Ken Lam, the Star has confirmed.
Details are trickling in on the victims who were hit by the van.
The South Korean government confirmed on its official Facebook site that two of its nationals were killed, and another was injured.
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about one of the victims, Anne Marie D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in his Davenport ward.
D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
"When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news, it was so devastating," Palacio said in the council chamber as he offered condolences to the family.
The councillor said he spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of his life is gone," Palacio said. "As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in his life."
Mayor John Tory praised the police, first responders and city staff for their response. It was a reminder that we are capable of "great bravery" — police officers who quickly and safely apprehended the suspect; the calm displayed by paramedics and firefighters who hurried from victim to victim; "heroic efforts" of hospital staff; and "extraordinary examples of ordinary citizens" who comforted those who were injured.
"I know that I speak on behalf of all of the members of city council and city staff when I say that our hearts are with all of those affected," Tory said in a speech.
"The people who call this city home are shaken and we mourn together but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
After a moment of silence for the victims, council recessed for the day.
Read more:
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill
What we know and don't know about the van crash
Earlier on Monday, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism.
Goodale had described the incident as a "horrific attack" in an afternoon tweet offering praise to the Toronto police and condolences to the victims and their families. By nightfall, Goodale tempered his language.
"This incident that happened here on the street behind us was horrendous but it does not appear to be connected in any way to national security," Goodale told reporters.
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said the rampage "definitely looked deliberate."
"There is nothing in our files, we've looked right across, and there's nothing that we have on him right now," he said.
The exact motive behind the horror remains unclear.
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post from an Alek Minassian circulating on social media talking about "incel" and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was indeed legitimate and published on Minassian's profile before his account was deleted.
"Incel" refers to an online community of the "involuntarily celibate," or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex.
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it immediately deleted the suspect's account Monday afternoon.
"This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected. There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts," spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email.
A LinkedIn profile for a man of the same name states he is a student at Seneca College. According to Joseph Pham, 25, who took a computer programming class with Minassian at Seneca, he was at school just last week. He described him as "socially awkward."
"He kept to himself. He didn't really talk to anyone," Pham said.
Friends of Minassian say he attended Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill, and then Thornlea Secondary School in Thornhill.
The Armenian Community Centre of Toronto released a statement saying it was "deeply saddened and disturbed by the senseless deaths and injuries."
"We unequivocally condemn this and all acts of violence," the statement said. "We commend the bravery and dedication of our first responders who, despite being faced with an unprecedented tragedy, saved lives with their heroic actions and rapid response."
Outside the Secret Garden flower shop on Yonge St., just north of Finch Ave., bunches of blooming flowers were set on the sidewalk. A sign amidst the blooms read "With heartfelt sympathy! Please feel free to take!"
Co-owner Katherine Liu said the free flowers are a way to help "the world feel better."
Liu said there are a lot of pedestrians on Yonge, and that many have been stopping to pluck a stem or two from the overfilling vases and buckets on the sidewalk.
"They walk by and they just take a little flower," Liu said.
Most of the injured were at Sunnybrook hospital.
A woman who identified herself as the wife of an injured man paced in a reception area outside the intensive care unit, barely holding back tears.
Her son said he wasn't ready to talk about his father or what happened. He asks that all Canadians send to his father and the other victims "their prayers and positive energy."
TTC subway trains will continue to bypass North York Centre station as the investigation continues. Beecroft Rd., which runs parallel to Yonge St. has been reopened.
U.S. President Donald Trump, at a ceremony outside the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters, "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
"I want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocents lives," Trump said.
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Jennifer Yang, Wendy Gillis, Tamar Harris, Daniel Dale, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac, Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Jennifer Yang, Wendy Gillis, Tamar Harris, Daniel Dale, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac, Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United's season has not started well again - and many fans are not happy about it.
On Saturday the U's lost 2-1 at home to Carlisle, a second successive loss since the start of the Sky Bet League Two seasons.
Last season, the U's started with a draw but didn't register a win until the ninth match of the season. They went on to finish at 11th in mid table.
But after Saturday's loss some fans fear a repeat of the above – or even relegation.
Speaking to the News at the weekend, U's manager Shaun Derry called for some perspective.
The head coach felt his side dominated possession in the second period at the Cambs Glass Stadium without being able to find an equaliser.
He said: “In terms of the performance I think we've got to bring a bit of perspective on affairs.
“Two games into the season and we've played a play-off finalist (Exeter) and play-off semi (Carlisle). We've lost by one goal and could have got something out of this game, just like last week.
(Image: Simon Lankester)
“On a different day we'd have got another goal, but we haven't. Like I said, we need a bit of perspective on things.
“That seems to be the modern day, doesn't it? You want everything yesterday and sadly you can't – we've got 44 games to go in this season.”
Fans vented their anger in the comments section under our online story.
Commenter ‘Adi' wrote: “First home game and boos at the final whistle! That's not aimed at the players Mr Derry they are for you!!!
“You start with two strikers and then leave both wingers on the bench, put our best player and central midfielder on the left wing! Totally clueless.
“Do the right thing and resign, you would be out of your depth in a puddle.”
Commenter 'DJ23' said the club was going nowhere fast, adding that watching CUFC on a Saturday “really is a chore now”.
'Neil_Spicey' wrote: “He [Derry] wants yes men. The problem we have is that Cambridge continue to stick by him.
“He didn't do well last year, we beat poorer teams at times. The fact we came close to playoffs were more luck than anything else. I really want to get behind my team and get the passion back but it's so hard to do when you hate the manager and have no confidence in him.
'RathFriland02' said that CUFC played no team pre-season “to really give them a proper test”. He said the club's next two games are crucial, adding that any further defeats and Derry “has to go”.
And on the club's own Facebook page some fans called for Derry's resignation just three matches into the season.
(Image: Simon Lankester)
On the CUFC Facebook page, Johnny Pool wrote: “Reminds me of the start to last season! Awful!! Why would you play our top scoring midfielder from last season on the left!?! Derry does not have a clue. Even with 3 strikers, two wingers and Luke Berry forward at the end, still couldn't score. He has to go! #DerryOut”
Sam Green said Saturday's game was awful, with CUFC looking “clueless and hopeless” and the same old mistakes being made from last year.
However, he said: “The only thing I will say actually is that we are early in the season, hopefully we can change it round but my opinion of him hit the floor when he said that was a strong performance.”
Andrew Ward wrote that the club had “gone backwards” since the departure of the club's previous manager Richard Money.
‘Jane N Paul Grantham' said: “Absolute rubbish. No progress from last season. Derry has to go. Very poor crowd for first home game. Who wants to pay money to watch such negative football?”
However, there was some positive support for the club's performance - with many fans pointing out it was still very early in the football season.
In response to negative comments on Facebook, Ben Pitelen wrote: “Blimey, 3 games down and 'Derry Out' has started!
“Cambridge aren't the club to rotate managers. He's tinkering as always, give it a chance, it's a long way to go! Not a good start but standard for Cambridge.”
Jim Heslop added: “Derry's going nowhere. Get behind the team and stop moaning. Two games in!”
× EPA awards $327K to monitor border sewage spills
SAN DIEGO – – The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Tuesday awarded $326,776 in grants to groups that will manage and monitor waste, including sewage spills, along the U.S.-Mexico border.
The four projects are intended to improve air quality monitoring, assess transboundary spill impacts and reduce plastic bag pollution along the border. Funds will be matched by an additional $318,813 from recipient organizations.
“These grants will fund projects designed to help mitigate health and environmental risks, advance economic development, and provide clean water and air for families living in the region,” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said.
UC San Diego's Scripps Institution of Oceanography will receive $87,556 to study wastewater spill impacts along the Pacific coastline between Punta Bandera and Imperial Beach.
Sewage has for decades flowed from the Tijuana River into American waters, in the process leading to beach closures and sickness. The Port of San Diego and cities of Chula Vista and Imperial Beach filed a lawsuit in March alleging the federal government isn't protecting water quality and public health.
According to the EPA, Scripps' assessment of sewage spills will lead to more accurate and timely beach advisories, and is also expected to quantify the overall extent of February spills.
The University of Washington will receive $99,935 in EPA funding to install six air quality monitors near the San Ysidro Port of Entry, which is the busiest border crossing in the Western Hemisphere. Data is expected to show the quantity of emissions entering the U.S. from Mexico.
Two unnamed groups also were awarded $139,285 to prevent transboundary waste from entering the Pacific Ocean, Tijuana River Estuary and New River. Funds will be used to improve waste management and promote recycling as well as reusable bags.
Each project falls within the U.S.-Mexico Border 2020 Program, a binational effort to protect the environment and human health along the border.
Patidar community leader Hardik Patel during a road show for the second phase of Gujarat assembly elections, in Ahmedabad on Monday. Photo: PTI
Ahmedabad: As the clock ticks for the second phase of assembly polls in central and north Gujarat on 14 December, all eyes are on 39 lakh voters of 16 seats in the mega city, considered a stronghold of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) since the '90s.
During the 2012 assembly polls, the BJP won 14 seats, including Ghatlodia, Jamalpur-Khadia, Vejalpur, Vatva, Ellisbridge, Naranpura, Nikol, Naroda, Thakkarbapa Nagar, Bapunagar, Amraiwadi, Maninagar, Sabarmati and Asarwa (SC), while the Congress won two seats-Dariyapur and Danilimada (SC).
Like other cities of Gujarat, the voters of this bustling urban centre have been standing firmly behind the BJP since the early 90s. At least five seats—Ghatlodia, Nikol, Maninagar, Sabarmati and Thakkarbapa Nagar—have a sizeable population of Patidars. These areas witnessed violence and arson during the quota agitation led by Hardik Patel two years back.
Also read | Gujarat Elections 2017 LIVE: PM Modi takes seaplane from Sabarmati to visit Ambaji Temple
Four seats—Jamalpur-Khadia, Dariyapur, Danilimada and Vejalpur—have a considerable number of Muslim voters. The Maninagar constituency, represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi thrice from 2002 till 2014 as then MLA and Gujarat chief minister, can easily be termed as the city's most high profile seat and a bastion of the BJP.
In 2012, Modi won by a margin of over 86,000 votes. Following Modi's resignation from Maninagar after becoming the Prime Minister in 2014, BJP candidate Suresh Patel won the byelection from the seat, having around 52,000 Patidar voters, by a majority of over 49,000 votes. Patel, who has been renominated by the BJP, will now face Shweta Brahmnbhatt, the IIM-educated young face from Congress.
Another important seat is Ghatlodia, once represented by former Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel. She had quit last year after the quota agitation, which had also gripped Ghatlodia where there were violent protests and arson by the Patidars.
Respecting her “wish” of not wanting to contest the polls this time, the ruling party has given ticket to another senior party leader Bhupendra Patel. The adjoining seat is Naranpura, having around 40,000 Patidar voters. It was earlier represented by BJP president Amit Shah, who resigned from it in August this year after being elected to the Rajya Sabha.
The party has now fielded former minister Kaushik Patel, who is considered close to Shah. Though Patidars were known to be committed supporters of the saffron party since last two decades, the equations seem to have changed after the quota agitation and Hardik Patel's appeal to his community to “uproot BJP” this time.
The other seats which might face the brunt of ‘Patidar anger' are Thakkarbapa Nagar (having around 35,000 Patidar voters), Bapunagar (31,000), Nikol (52,000), Naroda (34,000) and Sabarmati (44,000). Amid the turmoil over Patidar votes, the old city's Jamalpur-Khadia seat is also in focus for different reasons.
Out of the total 1.98 lakh voters in the constituency, the Muslims are in the driving seat with their numbers being a little over one lakh. Their votes could be crucial in deciding the fate of sitting BJP MLA Bhushan Bhatt.
In 2012, Bhatt won the election apparently through the division of minority votes between independent candidate Sabir Kabliwala and Congress candidate Samirkhan Pathan.
Kabliwala, a rebel Congressman, got around 30,000 votes, paving way for Bhatt's win by a thin margin of 6,300 votes. This time too, Kabliwala, who was hoping to get the Congress ticket, filed his candidature as an independent out of anger when the opposition party chose local councillor Imran Khedawala over him.
Both Khedawala and Kabliwala belong to Chhipa community, which accounts for around 25,000 to 30,000 voters in Jamalpur-Khadia seat. However, in a sudden turn of events which may spell trouble for the BJP on the seat, Kabliwala withdrew his nomination at the last moment.
Besides, the Muslim-dominated Dariyapur seat is currently held by Congress MLA Gyasuddin Shaikh, who also enjoys support of some Hindu voters for having an image of being a “progressive” leader.
Out of the total 1.97 voters in this mix population seat, there are around 85,000 Muslims. In 2012, Shaikh defeated BJP candidate Bharat Barod by a thin margin of just over 2,600 votes. This time too, both the old rivals are pitted against each other.
Polling for the second phase will be held on 14 December. Votes would be counted on 18 December. PTI
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) – Kids love video games and apps and now thanks to Google, some New Haven children are learning to build them from scratch. The Elm City's LEAP program is one of 12 nationwide to receive Google's prestigious Rise Award. The goal is to increase access to computer science education for children in high poverty neighborhoods.
LEAP is a New Haven based academic and social enrichment program for kids and young adults. Now that the program has won a Google Rise Award the focus will be on promoting computer science opportunities to girls and minorities who are historically underrepresented in the field.
LEAP'S Computer Learning Center Director, Shyrelle Spears tells News 8 what the award has meant to the program.
“That helped us with getting all the components for the robots, kits for the kids, and new laptops to be able to program so they could be mobile throughout the building,” she said.
Fourth grader Samaya Bright says Google's honor means a lot.
“Because if i was someone in a computer lab that makes games and stuff i could know what to have in it, what to make, and to make sure to ask stuff that I know the computer would understand,” Bright said.
The kids are learning about coding, robotics, and design. Then they get to build their own games, apps and robots from scratch.
Myiah Pearse, a Freshman at Amistad Academy, showed News 8 what she was working on.
“This project we're building a robot with different types of motors and materials to basically make it work,” according to Pearse.
Jaidyn Gambrell, a Freshman at Co-op High School, told us the program is generating plans for the future.
“What i'm getting out of it is how to work with electric wiring and programming which is really helpful to use because technology is rapidly advancing day by day so when i'm older i'm going to know what i'm doing,” Gambrell said.
The program is making an early impact with the hope of opening more doors to students in the future.
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Courtesy of Andrew Gulliford
© Thatcher Hogan/Durango Herald
Matty Smith, who suffered a nasty eye injury in the 24-22 defeat at Leeds last month, is back in training, but Saints' boss Justin Holbrook is not prepared at this stage to predict exactly when he will be ready for first team action once more.
Holbrook said: “I cannot put time frame on it, but Matty's improvement has been more than dramatic than we first thought and that is good news for the club.”
I cannot put time frame on it, but Matty's improvement has been more than dramatic than we first thought and that is good news for the club Saints coach Justin Holbrook
The scrum-half also missed the early part of the campaign with a broken leg, which he picked up in a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings, but the sooner he returns the better as Saints approach the business end of 2017.
Whether his is fit to resume within the next few weeks is a matter of conjecture but with his Australian team-mate, Ben Barba, not too far off completing his 12-match NRL drugs ban that in itself will be a timely boost for a club hoping to make a massive impact in the Super 8s.
Barba - described as a multi-talented world class player - is itching to get started and Saints' fans are just as desperate to see their new boy make his debut.
Prop Kyle Amor missed the Catalans Dragons match due to a slight hamstring problem but is expected to be fit to face Wakefield Trinity - one of his former clubs.
Flying winger Regan Grace was also withdrawn in the second half against the French but Holbrook revealed it wasn't a tactical move or an injury - the Welsh youngster just felt sick and it was wise to bring him off.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diego Costa has slammed Chelsea's treatment of him this summer and said he is "not a criminal" as he holds out for a move to Atletico Madrid.
The 28-year-old, who claims he was told he was not wanted by manager Antonio Conte via text message in the summer, has yet to leave the club but did not return from his post-season break.
Costa said he was happy at Stamford Bridge until Conte made it clear he had no future in the Italian's team, and now wants to rejoin the club he left to join Chelsea in 2014.
The striker said he has not reported for training as he does not want to train with the Blues' reserves, and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until his future is resolved.
"I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free. I didn't want to leave. I was happy. When the manager does not want you, you have to go," he told the Daily Mail.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"In January, things happened with the coach. I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it. I suspect the manager was behind it.
"They gave me a week extra off but since then it's fines all the way. They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that.
"I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me."
Costa, who said he feels Conte "doesn't possess charisma", was angry with how he was told to leave.
(Image: Getty)
He added: "There are ways of going about it. You don't do it by text message. You should be honest and direct to someone's face."
Costa hopes to sort his future out quickly but is prepared to miss a year of playing rather than move somewhere other than Atletico, who are under a transfer embargo until January.
He said: "My desire is to go to Atletico. I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to, not the club that's paying the most.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say."
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH) — Connecticut State Police are searching for two people who escaped from a halfway house in Waterbury this past year.
Police say 22-year-old Zachary Foster left the home in September. Officials also say that 47-year-old James Shea left the building in April.
Anyone who may have information about either person or who may know there whereabouts is asked to contact Troop A in Southbury at 203-267-2200. Information can also be sent in via text message by texting TIP711 with any details to 274637. All calls and texts will be kept confidential.
Leonys Martin and Castellanos followed with RBI singles off Jim Johnson to push the lead to 6-1.
"This is a big win for us, because we've won two out of three against a really good team," Castellanos said. "Now we can go for the series win tomorrow."
Iglesias sustained a hip contusion while sliding home, and sat out the final three innings.
"I just banged — I don't think it will be serious," he said.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
Ohtani walked Martin and Victor Martinez in the first before allowing Niko Goodrum's two-out RBI single.
"I don't know if it was rust, I think he was just getting into a rhythm," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. "He's had some games this year like that, where he's getting a feel for his pitches early on."
The Angels tied it in the third when Albert Pujols' two-out single drove in Mike Trout.
Ohtani, who was throwing 91-mph fastballs in the first inning, hit 98 on his final pitch of the third to retire Victor Martinez on a soft liner to shortstop.
"That's a very talented young man," Tigers manager Ron Gardenhire said. "He was throwing 90, 91 and then he reached back for 98 when he needed it."
The game was delayed for 23 minutes by rain at the end of the fourth inning, but both starters stayed in the game.
Ohtani walked Martin with two out in the fifth and allowed a double to Castellanos before getting Candelario to ground out on a 101-mph fastball.
The game was delayed again by rain in the top of the sixth, this time for 41 minutes. Coleman replaced Fiers to get the last strike of the sixth, and Bedrosian came in for Ohtani.
GOOSE HUNT
A Canada Goose settled into right-centre field during the second rain delay, and an attempt to remove it ended in chaos. After the grounds crew set off two firecrackers and another member gave chase, the bird tried to escape, but crashed into an LED board on the façade of the third deck and fell two levels into the stands.
After several moments, a veterinarian who was attending the game wrapped the stunned goose in a blanket and took it to the concourse, where it was released outside the stadium and dashed into nearby bushes.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Angels: Zack Cozart (forearm tightness) was a late scratch from the Angels' lineup. . Scioscia said he would talk to Ohtani Thursday morning to decide on his availability to hit in the series finale.
Tigers: Detroit put LHPs Francisco Liriano (right hamstring strain) and Daniel Stumpf (ulnar nerve irritation) on the 10-day DL before the game. Liriano's move is retroactive to Sunday, Stumpf's to Tuesday. The Tigers recalled RHP Johnny Barbato and LHP Ryan Carpenter from Triple-A Toledo. ... The Tigers sent Greiner to Toledo after the game and selected the contract of INF Ronny Rodriguez.
UP NEXT
Carpenter (0-1) starts for the Tigers on Thursday against Angels LHP Andrew Heaney (2-3) in the finale of the four-game series.
By Dave Hogg, The Associated Press
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State: Offensively, the Spartans struggled. But defensively, they showed just how good they can be with their size and length. Just eight minutes into the game, Michigan State had eight blocks. It finished the half with nine with 13. The only downfall was that the Hoosiers took advantage of second chances and managed to keep it close.
Indiana: After getting blown out by the Spartans on Jan. 19 in East Lansing, the Hoosiers inserted McSwain into the starting lineup and turned it around. No, they didn't get the win. But the young Hoosiers showed how much they had learned from the first matchup and they can go toe-to-toe with any team.
KEY STATS
Michigan State: Bridges finished with seven points and eight rebounds. .... Langford had 10 points. ... The Spartans pushed their single-season school record for blocks to 204. ... Michigan State was 9 of 18 on 3s and 8 of 17 on free throws.
Indiana: Morgan recorded his seventh double-double of the season. ... The Hoosiers made only 2 of its first 22 shots, 9.1 per cent, and went more than 8 1/2 minutes in the first half without a basket. ...Indiana had a 53-29 rebounding edge including a 25-3 advantage on the offensive end against the best rebounding team in Division I. ... The Hoosiers have played three straight ranked opponents.
UP NEXT
Michigan State: Will try to extend its winning streak Tuesday at Iowa.
Indiana: Plays the fourth and final game during an eight-day span Monday at Rutgers.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
LONDON – Liverpool dropped two points in the Premier League title race as Jermain Defoe converted two penalties to earn struggling Sunderland a 2-2 draw against it at the Stadium of Light Monday.
Ten-man Manchester City moved up to third as it beat Burnley 2-1 at home – Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero scoring second-half goals after Fernandinho had been shown a red card before the interval.
Hull City's relegation worries intensified when it lost 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion despite taking the lead, while Middlesbrough eeked out a point against champions Leicester City in a drab 0-0 draw at the Riverside Stadium.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman enjoyed a 3-0 victory over his former club Southampton, although the goals scored by Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku all came late on.
With leader Chelsea not in action until it plays Tottenham Hotspur Wednesday, Liverpool had the opportunity to close the gap on Antonio Conte's side to three points and looked poised to do so as it twice took the lead.
Daniel Sturridge's flicked header gave Liverpool a 19th-minute lead but Defoe levelled six minutes later after Ragnar Klavan tripped Didier Ndong.
Sadio Mane's close-range finish in the 72nd minute looked to have sealed the points for Liverpool but Mane was penalized for handball six minutes from time and Defoe kept his cool to dispatch another penalty to take his league goal tally to 11.
“I don't know exactly what I saw,” Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of his team's display. “We can play better football.”
Fernandinho's 32nd-minute lunge on Burnley's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson was deemed two-footed by referee Lee Mason and he did not hesitate to show a red card to the Brazilian who has been sent off three times in his six games.
Burnley was unable to capitalize on its numerical advantage though and City actually improved after the break when David Silva and Aguero were introduced off the bench.
Clichy, who had managed only one league goal in more than 100 Premier League games for City, gave his side the lead in the 58th minute with a precise shot past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton.
Four minutes later Aguero grabbed his 11th league goal of the season with a superb finish from a tight angle.
Ben Mee halved the deficit 20 minutes from time and there were a few late jitters as City held on.
Substitute Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku scored in the last 17 minutes as seventh-place Everton overcame Southampton 3-0 at Goodison Park.
Champion Leicester City has now gone 12 league games without an away win following a drab 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough that left it six points above the relegation zone in 14th place.
Jason Dufner entered the final round of the RBC Heritage with the lead, but after going par-birdie-bogey-par-bogey, things kind of fell apart for the four-time PGA Tour winner and 2013 PGA Champion.
After tapping in for bogey on the par-5 fifth hole, Dufner dropped his putter on the green, forcing his caddie Kevin Baile to walk over and pick the club up.
Definitely the club drop of the week. pic.twitter.com/fPy4chvkf3 — Skratch (@Skratch) April 16, 2017
After the move, golf fans watching the tournament quickly jumped on Dufner for making his caddie pick his putter up off the green instead of next to his bag.
@Skratch Karma got him after that move. Don't disrespect ur caddie & expect to get any good breaks down the stretch. — Eric Beasley (@ezbeasley) April 16, 2017
@Skratch @GrahamDeLaet If I'm on the bag I would have left it. On next green I would ask Duf what he did with his Putter. #PlayBetter #IllFindANewBag — Sean Jones (@SeanNotPGA) April 17, 2017
Dufner, who won his first tournament last season at the CareerBuilder Challenge since that 2013 PGA Championship, was clearly frustrated with himself and the way he was putting. He finished the final round at -3.586 in strokes gained putting as opposed to the 2.654 he gained in the third round and 2.169 gained in the second round. He went on to make two more bogeys and a double-bogey and shoot a five-over 76 and finish tied for 11th.
I understand the backlash from fans regarding the move, but golfers express their frustrations in many ways.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everyone loves a bargain, especially when it comes to your food shopping. A browse of the 'reduced' section in the supermarket can always unearth some gems, and as long as you've got room in the freezer, you're usually onto a winner.
But aside from the obvious big supermarkets, there are lots of other shops that are also marking their prices down with stickers - you just need to know where to look.
Martin Lewis's website the Money Saving Expert has offered some insight into which other stores you can get your hands on the converted yellow sticker, the Liverpool Echo reports.
So forget ASDA, Tesco and Morrison's, if you are looking for a cheap deal, here is where you can spot some alternatives;
Aldi's red and white stickers
Usually it is not food that is discounted, because they are a budget supermarket. But the team at the Money Saving Expert said they were able to find non-food items like books, plates and skin care all marked down with their special stickers.
Lidl's orange stickers
It looks like you can get discounts of 30% on bread with the Lidl's orange sticker and they also have a chiller reduced section, but sometimes these move, so keep your eye peeled.
Boots red and while stickers
Boots start to mark down sandwiches and sides to 50p on Wednesdays so it is worth a quick look if you are out and about midweek.
Holland & Barrett
The health food store specialises in vegetarian and vegan products and you can get up to 50% off if you find their short-dated reductions. The Money Saving Expert said: "The best I've seen is £3 seasoned tofu for 50p a pack, but you'll usually find £1.99 yogurt for 99p or £1.40 vegan sandwich fillers for 70p."
TK Maxx multiple sticker reductions
TK Maxx doesn't just sell clothes and home ware, it also sells food items and they are often reduced. They are usually all on one shelf by the home section and often items have multiple stickers on them as they have had multiple reductions.
TK Maxx told the Money Saving Expert : “If our items aren't snapped up after 4-6 weeks, we'll mark them down and put them into our Clearance area. A couple of times a year we also have a Final Clearance event.”
Home Bargains
Some Home Bargains (or Home and Bargain, as we like to say) have fresh produce sections and this is where you can spot some deals. Usually in the form of a "was" "now" black writing sticker, you can get some great bargains.
B&M Bargains
Seasonal gifts set that contain food are often marked down in B&M Bargains and in the long run could save you money. They also reduced short-dated item and damaged tins and packets.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Viewers of This Morning have slammed the show for including segments which discuss lavish pet grooming and expensive baby gifts in time for the Royal baby - but it was Georgia ' Toff ' Toffolo which really got their goat.
The Made In Chelsea star has been sent to do some strange tasks which are expected to challenge her posh sensibilities, such as working a refuse facility.
But today's segment, which followed an interview with a self-confessed "Persian Kardashian" who moved in with a family on the breadline, meant people were up in arms as they felt the show was 'patronising working class people.'
(Image: ITV)
Toff was first seen in a very fancy hotel, where she was given gifts of three boxes so she could work out where she would be sent.
It would be KFC, and she said she was 'well up for the challenge.'
So as she prepared herself to get acquainted with the deep fat fryer, she changed into uniform, donned the hair net, and went into the kitchen.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
She was seen coating chicken with the batter, popping things into the fryer and serving at the till.
At one point the'm A Celeb winner even asked the manager how he gets the smell of chicken and fried food out of his clothes and hair before going out in the evening.
He told her that of course, it was just a shower with shampoo that does the trick.
(Image: ITV)
Fans couldn't believe that Toff was being such a 'snob' and that the show should not have been including all of the segments together.
The other segments which got fans talking were when a cast member of Rich Kids Go Skint on 5STAR discussed doing the washing up for the first time, when hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield checked out a £1,600 pram among Royal baby gifts, and a segment about expensive pet grooming.
This Morning airs from 10.30am weekdays on ITV.
(WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Series 10 Episode 1 of Doctor Who. Please read at your own risk!)
It's official! Doctor Who is a Series 10 has finally begun on BBC One, introducing quirky Pearl Mackie playing the character Bill Potts. Episode 1 proved to be a strong series opener compared to previous series openers.
However, everyone is now talking about the epic "Coming Soon" trailer that followed "The Pilot." Lots more action-packed scenes were revealed, including the Mondasian Cybermen, regeneration and, of course, the long-awaited return of John Simm as the Master!
After 7 Years, He's Back!
'Doctor Who' [Credit: BBC One]
A smile that isn't reassuring. Right at the end of the trailer a blink and you'll miss it moment teased the return of the previous Master, played by Simm. The quick clip showed him rapidly turning his head, revealing not only his face, but a dangerously worrying grin.
John Simm last appeared as the Master in David Tennant's final story The End of Time Part 1 & 2, which aired on Christmas Day 2009, and New Year's Day 2010. Ever since then, John Simm as the Master hasn't been seen — until now.
News broke a few weeks back that John Simm would be reprising his role as the Master "thanks to time travel." However, it still remains unclear on how Simm actually makes his return. So, when does John Simm actually return to #DoctorWho?
Keep Your Eye On Missy
It has been confirmed by the #BBC that Simm will be appearing onscreen alongside the current incarnation of the Master, Missy (played by Michelle Gomez). However, she doesn't appear in Aeries 10 until Episode 6, "Extremis," which is reportedly a tale of a rather ancient book called The Veritas. This book causes all of its readers to commit suicide.
Michelle Gomez is also confirmed to make an appearance in the Series 10 finale, featuring the Mondasian Cybermen, and is described as a bloodbath.
Final Thoughts
Without doubt, Series 10 is going to be one heck of a ride with some unbelievable adventures. What a way for #PeterCapaldi to depart the show! While we're still recovering from recent events in Doctor Who, take a look at the trailer for Episode 2 below:
What are you hoping to see from John Simm's return as the Master on Doctor Who?
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for his transfer to Canada directly to the state's governor when he visits Toronto later this month.
In a letter to Gov. Rick Scott, Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask him personally to sign off on allowing their son, William Russell (Russ) Davies, to serve out his sentence in Canada.
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October, where the Davies are hoping they, or a friend of theirs, will be able to catch his attention.
"We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home," the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press. "We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that his transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida."
Russ Davies, 49, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach, Fla. Two years later, a jury convicted him of first-degree murder.
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies's trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham. The state's key witness — one of his five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime.
In addition, his public defender Carmen Corrente, now an assistant attorney general, made numerous mistakes at trial, some of which he admitted at the time.
Russ Davies, who has always denied firing the fatal shot, has long sought a transfer to serve out his sentence in Canada. Despite Canada's formal willingness to take him back, Florida has steadfastly refused to let him leave — and he remains in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole.
His parents, who used to visit him in prison in the Sunshine State, are no longer able to do so due to poor health.
"Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of his sentence," their letter states. "We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime."
PITTSBURGH (AP) — It was a familiar feeling for Terrell Suggs and the Baltimore Ravens.
The Pittsburgh Steelers, in dramatic fashion, clinched the AFC North title for the second consecutive season at home against their rivals. This time, Chris Boswell kicked a 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds to play for a 39-38 comeback win against the Ravens on Sunday night.
The result was similar to a prime-time game played last Christmas when Antonio Brown's game-winning touchdown with nine seconds left carried the Steelers to victory.
“This one hurts,” Suggs said. “We lose to them the same way we did last year. … We've got to get over it.”
Baltimore has won four of the last six games in Pittsburgh, but the lone losses have come in the last two years. The Steelers, who have won eight straight since a 3-2 start, clinched their third AFC North championship in four years.
Meanwhile, the Ravens (7-6), still in the thick of the AFC playoff race, entered playing their best football of the season. They were riding a three-game winning streak and had won four of five. They scored a season-high 44 points a week earlier and put up 38 more on Sunday, but it wasn't enough against Ben Roethlisberger, Brown and the Steelers.
“We like for it to be on us instead of the offense, and defensively we feel like we let the offense down,” Ravens cornerback Marlon Humphrey said.
Baltimore led 38-36 when Pittsburgh started its final possession on its own 17-yard line with 2:25 to play. Suggs and safety Tony Jefferson combined for a sack on first down, but Pittsburgh later converted a third-and-13 when Roethlisberger found tight end Jesse James for 16 yards.
Roethlisberger later connected with Brown for 34 yards, eventually setting up Boswell's winning kick for the emotional Steelers, playing in honor of injured teammate Ryan Shazier, who sustained a serious spinal cord injury last week at Cincinnati.
Brown finished with 11 receptions for 213 yards, while Roethlisberger was 44 of 66 for 506 yards with touchdown passes to Le'Veon Bell and Roosevelt Nix.
“(Roethlisberger) won the Super Bowl two times and played in three, so he's definitely a premier quarterback,” Suggs said. “We've got to be better.”
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco went 20 of 35 for 269 yards with touchdown tosses to Chris Moore and Patrick Ricard, along with an interception. Alex Collins rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown, and Javorius Allen also scored twice for the Ravens, who are vying for their seventh playoff berth in 10 seasons.
“We just have to swallow this one, let it go and wait for the next three games,” linebacker C.J. Mosley said. “We're still in it. We just have to make sure that we handle our business so we can try to get back ultimately for the playoffs.”
The Steelers accumulated 144 yards of total offense and scored a pair of touchdowns on their first two series, racing to an early 14-0 lead. But the Ravens recovered, outscoring Pittsburgh 31-6 — including 17-0 in the third quarter to build a 31-20 lead heading into the fourth.
The Steelers didn't punt once in the first half, but their first three drives of the second half totaled 21 yards and all ended with punts.
“We know that you can never take your foot off the gas when you're playing this team,” Baltimore safety Eric Weddle said. “We played outstanding in the third quarter, and then they just get on these runs that we can't dig ourselves out of. You can't do that against any team, let alone one of the best quarterbacks to ever do it.”
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to points on their last four possessions.
“We just didn't execute in the fourth quarter,” Suggs said. “This team is built to finish in the fourth quarter. We can't let it put a damper on our season.”
___
This story has been corrected with time left on the winning field goal.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Some other things to watch for when Arkansas faces South Carolina:
OFFENSIVE LINE: South Carolina played without three starters on the offensive line last week in tackles Zack Bailey and Malik Young, and guard Cory Helms. Gamecocks coach Will Muschamp said Bailey, who missed the past two games with an ankle injury, is the closest among the three of returning this week.
WILLIAMS' RETURN: Arkansas running back David Williams will make a homecoming of sorts on Saturday, returning to South Carolina after playing his first three seasons with the Gamecocks. The senior signed with the Razorbacks as a graduate transfer during the summer, and he's quickly become part of an Arkansas backfield trio along with sophomore Devwah Whaley and freshman Chase Hayden. The 6-foot-1, 229-pound Williams is averaging 4.7 yards per attempt and rushed for a season-high 68 yards in an overtime loss to Texas A&M two weeks ago.
BAD RUN: South Carolina is among the worst rushing teams in the SEC , 12th in the league and averaging about 84 yards per game. Last week, the Gamecocks gained just 23 yards in 26 attempts, although the seven sacks worth 56 yards allowed came off that total. Part of the reason has been offensive line injuries. But tailback Rico Dowdle said the running backs are plan to stick with it and get the ground game on track.
KICKING WOES: After junior kicker Cole Hedlund missed field goals attempts of 23 and 20 yards in a loss to No. 8 TCU, Arkansas hasn't attempted a kick in each of its last two games — entering Saturday without a made field goal this season. Sophomore Connor Limpert has made all 11 of his extra-point attempts since taking over for Hedlund, but Arkansas coach Bret Bielema decided to go for it on fourth down twice in last week's win over New Mexico State rather than attempt kicks from 40 and 30 yards. "I'll take touchdowns over field goals any day," Bielema said.
WE REMEMBER YOU: The Gamecocks and Razorbacks, once dubbed "permanent" cross-divisional SEC opponents, have not met since 2013. South Carolina has won the past two meetings in 2012 and 2013, matching its longest run of success ever over Arkansas.
___
AP Sports Writer Kurt Voigt contributed to this report from Fayetteville, Arkansas.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pete Iacobelli, The Associated Press
Did The Market Just Get “Woke?” by Lance Robetts – Real Investment Advice
Since the beginning of this year, we have been warning of the potential for a correction. Of course, such warnings seemed pointless as the nearly “parabolic” rise in the markets seemed unstoppable. The chart below shows the current acceleration through the end of January.
But all of a sudden, something seems to have changed as the market stumbled this past week and has been unable to regain its footing.
So, what “woke” the markets?
Was it the sudden realization that Central Banks globally are reducing Q.E. programs? Or, that economic growth may be weaker than expected given recent numbers? Or, something else?
Whatever, the excuse turns out to be, the real culprit is seen in the chart below.
As I have been discussing “ad nauseam” over the last couple of years, interest rates are now stuck in a trading range that will likely remain between 0-1% during the next recessionary drag with a 3% ceiling as seen in 2014. Importantly, rates are at levels of overbought conditions only seen 3-times previously going back to 1980.
I am going to discuss this in more detail in this weekend's forthcoming “Real Investment Report.” However, the point here is that since interest rates drive everything from borrowing, to spending, to capital investment – higher rates negatively impact economic growth. Since stocks are ultimately a reflection of the economy, it is hard to suggest that stocks will continue to rise in the face of higher rates.
Furthermore, higher rates are rapidly crushing the one argument used by bullish investors over the last eight years which has been “low rates justify higher valuations.” As I have repeatedly stated in the past, it is one argument that can literally change overnight.
Is this the beginning of the next major market correction?
Probably not.
Sharing is caring!
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Consumers have reported an increase in confidence in May but remain "resolutely downbeat" about the general state of the economy.
GfK's long-running Consumer Confidence Index rose two points this month, but concerns about the wider economy moderated upbeat figures for personal finances to keep the overall score in negative territory at minus seven.
(Image: E+)
The index measuring confidence in personal finances for the year ahead increased by four points to positive eight, four points higher than May last year.
The measure for the general economic situation of the country during the last 12 months also increased, by five points to minus 24, but remains four points lower than May last year.
Expectations for the general economic situation over the next year have risen three points to minus 21 - the same level as last May.
(Image: Getty)
Meanwhile, a two point drop in the major purchase index suggests consumers are feeling little motivation to spend on big ticket items.
Joe Staton, client strategy director at GfK, said: "These negative economic scores are depressing the overall index and preventing it from breaking out into positive territory.
"We have been at zero or negative for 29 months now. When will the strong jobs market and rising real incomes, coupled with ongoing low interest rates and low levels of headline inflation, have an impact?
"With UK retail sales falling at their sharpest rate since the mid-90s, tough trading conditions for Britain's hard-pressed retail sector continue to take their toll."
He looks forward to a year which he calls a "clean slate."
"I can't wait to see if all these initiatives that I have put forth, (that) they are given the OK for us to proceed. And then I can tell you Canada will just take a quantum leap if that happens."
Seven months into the job, Zambrano is eager to put his stamp on things. He is not one for standing still.
"I think we could go faster. I feel like I could do more and should do more. I hope to have the resources to do that."
He is grateful to the CSA for adding another warmup game before the Gold Cup. A game against Curacao was all that was originally planned.
Zambrano wanted more and a closed-door session against Nicaragua — four 30-minute periods over two days in Sunrise, Fla., was arranged.
"It was a wise decision by the CSA because it was in that game where a lot of the thoughts about how to approach the Gold Cup came together."
Zambrano says he believes he has a "pretty good handle" now on the talent in the system.
"But I know there are out there many more that I haven't seen yet. And I'm keen to look there."
He believes Canadian soccer has to look outside the box for talent.
"I believe this is part of my charter as well — to make sure I have the mechanisms put in place to find those players. It's not just about what happens in the established routes to participate and compete.
"That is great but there is another world out there of many many many players that I know are playing the game but that are perhaps not being looked at."
Zambrano has already brought in players from Ontario's League 1 to scrimmage with the national team. And for this camp, he included 21-year-old Caniggia Elva, a St. Lucia-born Calgary-raised forward who went to Europe at 18.
Elva, Zambrano notes, did not come to Canada Soccer's attention through "regular channels."
Elva was brought into an under-23 camp in March in Qatar, Zambrano's first hands-on assignment as Canada coach, after getting calls from Ramon Mifflin, the technical director of Calgary South West United for whom Elva played growing up.
"We need to establish a solid scouting grid," said Zambrano. "That is something I have presented to the CSA directors, in how to go about doing this in a systemic manner.
"I'm hoping that they sign off on it. If they do, we will reach a completely different level of awareness about what we really have in Canada. Because we do have a lot and I think we're tapping only a very little."
In a perfect world, Zambrano says he would have liked to have taken his team to Cuscatlan Stadium in San Salvador to see them perform in hostile conditions.
Zambrano is already at work, changing the team ethos.
He says some of his players have told him that, in the past, national team selection was seen as automatic by some. That is no longer the case, he says. The national team shirt has to be earned.
"You don't do it, you're not going to be called back."
A portion of the proceeds from Sunday's game will go to hurricane Harvey relief efforts.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jennie McAlpine will be missing from our screens for the next few weeks thanks to her stint on I'm A Celebrity.
The Coronation Street star, who faced a host of nasty critters and made it into the final four, will be missing from the ITV soap because filming is done weeks in advance.
That means lovable Fizz Stape will be absent from the cobbles, but she is taking a trip somewhere slightly closer to home than the Australian jungle.
Fizz will face family tragedy when she receives devastating news that her mum Cilla, who she has a rocky relationship with, is in hospital after a horror fall.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
During next Monday's episode, Fiz will decide to spend Christmas away from the rest of her family to look after her mum.
Fiz will set off to be by Cilla's side in Wolverhampton, which is a far cry from the luxurious Versace Hotel where Jennie is currently staying.
To say goodbye to Fiz, Hope and Ruby put on a touching nativity scene and sing 'Little Donkey' while dressed up as shepherds.
Tyrone also surprises her with an early Christmas dinner so that she doesn't feel guilty about missing the actual day.
Jennie will be absent from screens over Christmas but will return to the cobbles in a dramatic new storyline in the New Year.
She became the eighth celebrity to leave the jungle on Saturday night after making it to the final four.
The Corrie star departed the camp and was welcomed into the studio with "a glass of fizz for Fizz".
Speaking to Ant and Dec, she said: "It's been amazing. We were talking about one last day and those guys down there, I'm just going to miss them so much."
Jennie admitted that she hadn't listened to advice given by her Corrie co-stars who have entered the jungle before, including Anthony Cotton.
"'A' I didn't listen and 'B' they lie. It's like giving birth. It's like a birth story. Nobody tells you what actually happens."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jennie said she was most looking forward to, firstly having a glass of champers, and then seeing her husband and son.
She said: "I can't wait to see my boys."
She was then allowed to exit the jungle, but screamed as the fireworks went off under the bridge.
* Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A life changing £6.3million is up for grabs in tonight's National Lottery rollover draw.
Aside from the big jackpot, there is also the chance to win big on the Thunderball with a £500,000 prize up for grabs.
Previous winners have splashed out on yachts, huge mansions and makeovers - but you've got to be in it to win it.
And we will be bringing you the numbers as soon as they are drawn.
The National Lottery Lotto numbers will appear here shortly after 8.30pm, so check back with your ticket.
National Lottery Thunderball numbers worth up to £500,000 will be published here at about 8pm.
There is also £350,000 up for grabs in the Lotto Hotpicks game.
You can play Lotto online every day from 8am until 11pm, with tickets costing £2.
On the days of the draws, Wednesday and Saturday, ticket sales close at 7.30pm.
Sales reopen at 9pm after the draw has taken place, so you can buy your ticket for the next Lotto.
Doug Noland: There Will Be No Way Out When This Market Bubble Bursts by Adam Taggart – Peak Prosperity
Financial assets will become toxic to hold
This week Doug Noland joins the podcast to discuss what he refers to as the “granddaddy of all bubbles”.
Noland, a 30-year market analyst and specialist in credit cycles, currently works at McAlvany Wealth Management and is well known for his prior 16-year stint helping manage the Prudent Bear Fund.
He certainly shares our views that prices in nearly every financial asset class have become remarkably distorted due to central bank intervention, first with Greenspan's actions to backstop the markets in the late-1980's, and more recently (and more egregiously) with the combined central banking cartel's massive and sustained liquidity injections in the years following the Great Financial Crisis.
All of which has blown the biggest inter-connected set of asset price bubbles the world has ever seen.
Noland foresees tremendous losses as inevitable, as the central banks lose control of the monstrosity they have created:
This is the granddaddy of all bubbles. We are at the end a long cycle where the bubble has reached the heart of money and credit. There will be no way out. We're not going to get enough private credit growth to reflate things when this bubble bursts. It's going to have to come from central bank credit; it's going to have to come from sovereign debt. When this bubble bursts, it will shock people how far the central banks will have to expand their balance sheet just to accommodate the deleveraging in the system. And they won't really be able to add new liquidity to the market; they're just going to allow the transfer of leveraged positions from the leveraged players onto the central bank balance sheets. When you get to that point, when the market sees that transfer occurring, I predict there's going to be fear of long-term financial instruments. We'll see rising yields. That's when things will become problematic. There will be losses. Of this global bubble, I think European debt is about the most conspicuous. Sure, European junk debt is nuts, too. It currently trades at 2%. Why? Because the ECB is buying large amounts of corporate debt. The ECB has kept rates either at 0% or negative. The perception is that the ECB will keep those markets liquid. But look at Italy. It's rapidly approaching 135% in terms of government debt to GDP. That debt will not get paid back. But yet, the market is willing hold that debt at 1.7%. This is debt that has traded at over a 7% yield back in 2012. But here it is today at 1.7%. I mean, Europe is just grossly mispricing its huge debt market. The excesses that have unfolded in European debt across the board are just staggering. So when we get to that point when the central banks begin aggressively expanding their balance sheets (again) but the bond markets are not happy about it, then the central banks will finally have to decide if they want to continue to inflate or if they're going to focus on trying to keep market yields down. This will be a very, very difficult situation for central bankers when it unfolds.
Click the play button below to listen to Chris' interview with Doug Noland (54m:31s).
loading...
Sharing is caring!
TORONTO — Independent electrical power services company Spark Power Corp. has acquired Bullfrog Power, a green energy provider.
Canaccord Genuity Acquisition Corp., which announced a proposed merger with Spark Power last month, announced the deal Wednesday. Financial terms of the agreement were not immediately available.
Spark Power co-CEO Andrew Clark says the combination of the companies gives Spark an integrated capability and depth of expertise to deliver affordable and sustainable power solutions.
The companies are expected continue to operate under their respective brands.
The 33 Movies to See in 2017
A new year, a new batch of movies. Here are 33 movies I'm looking forward to in 2017:
Tom Cruise stars in this modern day “horror” film that looks more like Mission Impossible than anything resembling the monster saga you might expect. But Cruise is one of the most reliable actors working today, so I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.
This movie could very well end up being an ill-conceived disaster, but rebooting “Baywatch” as a comedy with Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron isn't the worst idea in the world.
Disney-Pixar aims for Oscar glory once again with this animated comedy, inspired by the Mexican holiday Day of the Dead.
Frankly, after Peter Jackson's adaptation, I'm not exactly itching for another take on King Kong, but there's no denying that the movie trailer is pretty good.
Director Matthew Vaughn returns for the sequel to his surprisingly entertaining action-comedy starring Colin Firth. Vaughn literally hasn't made a bad movie yet, so the odds are in this film's favor.
Christian Bale, Oscar Isaac and Angela Sarafyan star in this drama that depicts the beginning of the Armenian genocide during World War I.
Director Luc Besson hasn't made a great movie since the 1990s, but the allure of a sci-fi epic that is as weird and imaginative as The Fifth Element is enough to give it placement on this list.
Many people still have nightmares about the Stephen King TV movie, so will a modern day adaptation be able to live up to expectations?
By Erik Samdahl
Related categories: Top 10 Movie Lists
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Bale helped Real Madrid win their third Champions League trophy in three years against Liverpool on Saturday with two goals
The first - perhaps the greatest to ever grace a European final - saw the Welshman leap into the air and fire past Loris Karius with an acrobatic bicycle kick.
His second- a speculative effort from long range - should have been kept out by Karius, but the German palmed the ball into his own net to make it 3-1 to Real Madrid.
After the game the 28-year-old was understandably delighted that his goals made the difference and helped Los Blancos secure a record thirteenth European title.
(Image: Getty)
But in an interview immediately after the match, Bale let his frustration at being named on the bench for the final known.
He said: "Obviously I need to play. That hasn't happened this season for one reason or another. I was injured for five or six games and I've been fit ever since.
(Image: David Ramos/Getty Images)
"I'll have to sit down in the summer, discuss it with my agent and take it from there."
After the interview the Welshman retreated to the comfort of the Real Madrid dressing room, where he celebrated the victory with his team-mates.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
But incredibly he didn't remain in their long, according to a report in the Mail.
Instead the former Tottenham forward entered the Liverpool dressing room and spent around 20 minutes with Jurgen Klopp's men.
(Image: Denis Doyle)
The reason for this was he wanted to speak to his old friend from his Southampton days, Adam Lallana, who came on in the final for the injured Mo Salah.
Bale later returned to the Real Madrid changing room, and was a part of the trophy parade, but his behaviour is worrying from a Los Blancos stand point to say the least.
MADISON, Wis. — Stephanie Mavunga scored 21 points with 10 rebounds, Kelsey Mitchell set an NCAA record by hitting a 3-pointer in her 81st straight game and No. 18 Ohio State defeated Wisconsin 68-55 on Saturday.
The game was delayed 15 minutes in the third quarter as Ohio State's Makayla Waterman was fitted with a neck brace and taken off on a stretcher. Waterman was injured falling to the court battling for a rebound under the Ohio State basket at the 2:08 mark and the Buckeyes leading 41-38. She moved a hand and shared a smile with her teammates before being wheeled away.
After the delay, Asia Doss hit a 3-pointer to give Ohio State a 44-38 lead entering the fourth quarter. After a Wisconsin basket, Mavunga had a 3-point play to start a 9-1 run for a 12-point lead. Mitchell had two baskets in an 8-0 run that made it 66-50 with two minutes to go.
Ohio State had a 16-0 run in the first quarter that included a Mitchell 3-pointer that broke her tie with former Tennessee-Martin player Heather Butler for the most consecutive Division-I games with a trey.
Mourners lay flowers in honour of George Michael outside his home
The life of Carrie Fisher: Tribute to the Star Wa
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Deal or No Deal contestant secretly given £9,000 by George Michael to pay for IVF treatment has travelled 400 miles to visit the late singer's Oxfordshire home after vowing she'll name her baby after him.
It was only after George's death on Christmas Day that Lynette Gillard, 38, learned the popstar was the anonymous donor who hoped to make her baby dreams come true after watching her appearance on the quiz show where she spoke about struggling to conceive.
Now, she plans to pay tribute to George when she names her child.
"We definitely want to include George's name as a middle name when we have a baby and we'll be playing his music while I'm in labour," said Lynette.
(Photo: Lynette Gillard/Mercury Press &)
Accompanied by partner Nathan Hart, 37, Lynette drove 400 miles from Westhoughton, Lancashire to lay flowers outside George's home in Goring-on-Thames, Oxon.
"I am just so grateful for what George did. I will never forget it. He has completely changed our lives, and laying the flowers was a really sad day,” said Lynette.
“To do something so generous for strangers on TV - I just can't believe it. I wake up every day and think I'm in a dream.
"I was lost for words when we heard there'd been a donation eight years ago and I am still lost for words now.”
(Photo: LAURA SHEPHERD/MERCURY PRESS)
Lynette, a fitness instructor, had appeared on Deal or No Deal in 2008, where she spoke about her struggle to conceive. In a twist of fate, George was watching and phoned the programme to make an anonymous donation to a stunned Lynette.
She'd been undergoing IVF treatment since 2005 with no success and even sold her car to raise £15,000 to help pay for the procedure. Unfortunately, each of the five rounds of IVF were unsuccessful.
"I have had so many failed rounds of IVF. It is an emotional rollercoaster, getting your hopes up each time. When it didn't work I was getting so upset and I knew something was wrong,” recalled Lynette.
(Photo: GC Images)
Lynette added: "I was told I needed special blood tests to check my immune system to find out why it kept failing but I never would have been able to afford them without George.”
The expensive blood tests cost £2,500 each and revealed Lynette's immune system had been attacking the implanted embryos.
"Now thanks to him I have these tests and next time the doctors are going to put me on steroids when the embryo is implanted,” said Lynette, adding: “He's given us hope.”
(Photo: Lynette Gillard/Mercury Press &)
It was Deal Or No Deal's former executive producer Richard Osman who first revealed George's gesture, tweeting after the singer's death: “A woman on 'Deal Or No Deal' told us she needed £15k for IVF treatment. George Michael secretly phoned the next day and gave her the £15k.”
That was how Lynette discovered that George was her anonymous donor. She and Nathan had won £3,000 on the show, with George donating the other £9,000.
Touchingly, she has now discovered George shared a birthday with her own beloved mother, who passed away two years ago.
"I lost my mum in April 2014 and I miss her dearly. On Saturday I found out George was born on the same day as her - June 25. It gave me goosebumps and brought tears to my eyes,” she said.
(Photo: LAURA SHEPHERD/MERCURY PRESS)
"I know he has done a lot of charity work but it is strange to think he watched me on TV and felt compelled to help. I definitely feel like I have a connection to him."
George was 53 years old when he died on Christmas Day. His partner, Fadi Fawaz, has claimed he found the singer dead in bed that morning.
A post-mortem carried out last week was inconclusive . Thames Valley Police have said the death is unexplained but not suspicious, while the popstar's manager has cited heart failure as the cause of death.
Orlando Bloom has been attracting quite a bit of public attention these days — not only has he been in the spotlight since his high-profile split from Katy Perry, but his recent reaction to the dizzying media frenzy surrounding his summer penis pics also made the headlines.
And now, the British actor has gone and done it again, making us gasp out loud over the fact that he could potentially sink his teeth into a former cast member of #TheVampireDiaries.
See more:
Apparently, since bidding his relationship with Perry a fine farewell in what appears to be the most amicable break-up in Hollywood history, Orlando has already moved on to dipping his wand in #NinaDobrev. According to People, the pair are reportedly getting it on but are keeping things "super casual:"
"They've known each other for a while. Recently they've been hanging out as more than friends. It's super casual."
It appears that the dating rumors sprouted after the actress was seen partying with #OrlandoBloom at Coachella, an event that was attended by everyone who was anyone over this past weekend. However, sadly we didn't see Orlando basking in the sun with his sausage out this time and in fact, he also spent quite a bit of time with model Ashley Haas at the festival — a sure sign to the yellow press that things between N-dobz and himself weren't that serious yet.
Still, a rep for Nina was quick to deny speculation that the actress and the Pirates Of The Carribbean actor were anything more than just friends, saying:
"Nina and Orlando are just friends. They have the same representation and friends in common, and often end up in the same social group. That's all it is."
With such conflicting information, only time will tell if "Norlando" will truly become a thing or not. I'm into it, though.
Poll Are Orlando Bloom and Nina Dobrev a match made in heaven? Yes, they are 100 percent perfect for one another.
No, this is a load of bollocks.
I don't even know who these people are.
[Image credit: The CW]
(Source: People)
NBA Shootaround: Warriors-Cavaliers rematch is set after Kevin Durant leads Golden State past Rockets, Nick Young is ready to turn up
NBA Shootaround: Warriors-Cavaliers rematch is set after Kevin Durant leads Golden State past Rockets, Nick Young is ready to turn up May 29
Even if Bryan Colangelo is not responsible for Twitter accounts, the NBA is losing trust in him
Even if Bryan Colangelo is not responsible for Twitter accounts, the NBA is losing trust in my May 30
Sixers GM Bryan Colangelo has some critics around the league regarding tweets that may be linked to him.
The 76ers are approaching an offseason that is one of the most important in team history and the events of the past 24 hours are threatening to make things more difficult than they should be.
A Tuesday night report by The Ringer alleged that Sixers' general manager Bryan Colangelo used multiple burner accounts on Twitter to do everything from leak sensitive information to disparage players and NBA executives.
Immediately following the report, there was plenty of public reaction from the sports world including shock from players and jokes being made on Twitter by other NBA executives. Some of the more candid reactions were saved for confidential conversations with the Inquirer and Daily News.
On Wednesday, a Western Conference team employee reacted with laughter and said they are thankful this wasn't anybody they worked with.
Poll If Bryan Colangelo is out as 76ers GM, should they bring back Sam Hinkie? Yes
No Vote Results
“This whole thing is hysterical,” the employee said. “So glad it's not our franchise.”
While a large majority of players, especially those that are locked into current contracts, laughed at the absurdity of the situation, there were some that provided a more harrowing outlook.
In conversations with three different current NBA players not on the Sixers roster, the general consensus is that with the information provided in the original report it would be nearly impossible to trust Colangelo moving forward.
“Definitely difficult to trust him after reading that article,” one player said. “In today's world, you're guilty until proven innocent.”
That leads to the question: What if the accounts are found to not be linked to Colangelo, but instead to someone who is close to him?
>>READ MORE: Guilty or not, perception matters for Bryan Colangelo and the Sixers
“I don't think that matters,” another player said Wednesday. “I'm just thinking about the guys on the team. If he's letting that information get out there and can't control the people around him from blasting this stuff on Twitter, then you can't trust him.”
With the NBA draft right around the corner and free agency opening up on July 1, the Sixers, who released a statement saying they were launching an independent investigation into the allegations, don't have much time before it's necessary to wrap this up.
With big-name targets like LeBron James, Kawhi Leonard, and Paul George in the Sixers' sights, this all could have a major affect on how the team approaches landing a free-agent superstar.
According to an NBA agent who also spoke on the condition of anonymity, although the allegations are damning and would definitely put doubt into the minds of players, the news wouldn't change how he would do business with Colangelo.
“I hope it isn't true obviously,” he said, admitting that he was shocked when he heard about the report. “But this would not affect personal dealings with Bryan. With me, he's always been a straight shooter.”
>>READ MORE: It's hard to see how Bryan Colangelo can survive his Sixers' Twittergate
The agent added that there's no denying that this situation would be something that would have to be discussed with players and that he would advise his clients on, but the the bottom line for a free agent usually comes down to money.
“As far as how this factors into free agency, acquisitions, and decisions, the most compelling factor for a player is usually compensation,” he said. “So I don't think it would really deter anyone from signing there.”
That's all assuming that Colangelo survives this and maintains his position in the Sixers' front office. With evidence mounting and the results of the team's investigation looming, one NBA player said there's no way he sees Colangelo continuing as the Sixers general manager.
“I think it's impossible to move forward with him,” he said. “Let's say that the accounts aren't his, that they are just someone in his camp, or that they can't prove who it is at all. Even then, the trust has been lost internally. I wouldn't want him to be my GM.”
NASHVILLE — Automotive supplier Denso announced plans Friday to invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in its main Tennessee facility to meet growing demand for electric vehicle parts.
The investment is aimed at making the Maryville plant the Japanese company's primary manufacturer in North American for electrification and safety systems, the company said.
"This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation," Kenichiro Ito, the chair of Denso North America, said in a statement. "We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands."
The company plans to expand several production lines to produce advanced components for hybrid and electric vehicles. The products are designed to improve fuel efficiency and preserve electric power by recovering and recycling energy. They also will boost efficiency for the entire vehicle by anticipating road conditions through data collected inside and outside the car.
The expansion in Maryville comes atop a $400 million investment that the company announced in 2015 to consolidate its warehouse operations, a move intended at the time to add 500 jobs.
Denso opened the plant in Maryville in 1988 with about 100 employees. U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, then governor, has said the facility in his hometown was a sort of consolation prize after Tennessee lost out to Kentucky for a Toyota assembly plant. Today about 3,200 people work at the Maryville plant, besides another 1,400 employees at another Denso facility in nearby Athens, Tennessee.
The announcement comes as Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam prepares to embark on a trade mission to Asia that will include a pitch seeking to attract a new joint Toyota and Mazda assembly plant to his Southern state.
The Japanese automakers announced in August that they plan to spend $1.6 billion on the new manufacturing plant, creating up to 4,000 jobs. The companies plan to work together on advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other.
Tennessee is home to assembly plants by Nissan, General Motors and Volkswagen, along with a slew of suppliers. The state has been prepping a sprawling site outside of Memphis in hopes of attracting another auto manufacturing plant.
"We would love to get the Mazda-Toyota plant," Haslam told reporters Thursday. "We think we have leg up in automobile manufacturing because we're so strong in it now, and there is a sense in which there's a real desire to locate near other suppliers."
JACKSON, Wyo. — Some parents in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, are upset that "shooting at (President Donald) Trump" was offered as a possible answer on a multiple-choice, online English test.
The Jackson Hole News & Guide reported Friday that the Jackson Hole High School quiz has since been taken down.
Teton County School District officials apologized and say they take threats of any kind seriously.
The quiz involved George Orwell's 1945 novel "Animal Farm" and asked why a character in the book orders that a gun be fired.
Many of us have fallen for someone while we have been on holiday, but one woman is so smitten with a man she met in Portugal she is now sending out hand written letters to try and find him.
Even though she does not know his name.
Around 300 Rovers fans headed to the town of Albufeira on Portugal's south coast to cheer on the team during their pre-season game against Hull city on July 18.
Many took a few days to soak up some sun and enjoy themselves.
But one fan, named either Keith or Steve, clearly won the heart of one holidaymaker who has been sending the letters to people whose names she has found via the electoral roll.
The woman, who was apparently attempting to pole dance at the time, apparently had quite the rapport with either Keith or Steve.
One man named Steve, although not our Rovers Romeo, posted a picture of a letter which had arrived through his door on social media asking for help to track down the mystery man.
As far as we know the white-eyebrowed hunk hasn't come forward yet, but Steve or Keith certainly seems to have made an impression.
It is not known how many men named Keith or Steve have been sent the letter.
Do you know a travelling Rovers fan who fits the description?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than four in 10 Brits admit they struggle to make ends meet financially, a study has found.
The shocking findings, from a survey of 2,000 UK adults, revealed 43 per cent are short of the cash they need to pay the bills an average of seven months each year.
But one quarter said money is an uphill battle for them every single month.
As a result, the average adult is forced to turn to their credit cards or overdraft to get them through to payday four out of every 12 months, with one in 10 saying this is the case each month.
Six in 10 even went as far as to say they feel they are never going to make ends meet on their current salary.
A spokesman for OnePoll.com which carried out the research, said: “With rising costs and wages not following suit, it's not a surprise so many people are struggling.
“Living costs are getting more expensive each year, whether it's the fuel we need to put in our cars, utility bills or the price of food.
(Image: Getty)
“But struggling to make ends meet can be extremely stressful – it's hard to cut back when it's the basic bills you are finding it difficult to pay.”
Researchers found 49 per cent blame their struggle to make ends meet on the rising cost of food while another 46 per cent put it down to utility bills becoming more expensive.
Thirteen per cent claim their benefits don't stretch far enough and the same number say the same about their pensions.
Fifteen per cent even said their financial issues leave them feeling unable to provide for their family.
More than one in five have been so strapped for cash, they have gone without ‘nice' food, while another one in 10 have been unable to find the cash to put fuel in their car.
Four in 10 have gone without new clothes and a third have sacrificed a night out with friends.
Worryingly, 15 per cent have even avoided turning their heating on as they didn't have the money to pay for it.
To make it worse, 31 per cent currently owe an average of £9,131 to their bank, credit card company and even friends and family members.
In a bid to boost their funds, almost one in five sell their unused and unwanted belongings at car boot sales while 25 per cent have turned to online auction sites.
Fifteen per cent have taken a second job and almost one in twenty have offered to clean for friends.
But one in five admit to relying on buying a lottery ticket to bring in more money, with another one in 10 turning to gambling on sports or the horses.
It also emerged, the stress of dealing with the financial pressures is having an impact on the physical and mental health of 15 per cent of cash-strapped Brits.
Despite the recent rain in the Cariboo, the BC Wildfire Service is warning the public to remain vigilant. The video above was capture at the Bishop Bluffs fire
“Extreme fire behaviour such as this is a force of nature and suppression efforts are ineffective.,” a BC Wildfire Service Facebook post read. “The focus of the [BC Wildfire Service] shifts to ensuring responder and public safety and protecting values.”
The organization urged B.C. residents to respect evacuation orders and alerts in what has shaped up to be the province's second-worst wildfire season in recorded history.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The two certainties in life are supposedly death and taxes. Even then, for some the latter isn't always strictly true , which leaves just death.
Death is the one of the last mysteries, remaining largely unknowable - regardless of huge scientific advancements.
As for what it's like to die, there are popular theories about white lights and seeing your life cinematically flash before your eyes.
The only insight we have are accounts from people who have been medically dead then resuscitated, some of whom have taken to Reddit to answer the impossible "what's it like to die?" question as best they can. And the answers vary a lot.
1. Like reading a book
Five years ago monitormonkey underwent major surgery during which he bled out, causing him to be dead for several minutes.
"I woke up in what looked like space but there weren't any stars or light. I wasn't floating so to speak, I was just there.
(Image: Getty)
"I wasn't hot or cold, hungry or tired - just a peaceful neutral kind of thing. I knew there was light and love somewhere nearby but I had no urge or need to go to it right away.
"I remember thinking over my life, but it wasn't like a montage. More like I was idly flipping through a book and snippets stood out here and there.
"Whatever it was, it changed my thoughts on a few things. I am still afraid to die, but I'm not worried about what happens after that."
2. A visit from someone dear
Schneidah7 was thrown from his motorbike while cruising at 50 mph and was medically dead when he was taken to hospital. As he lay in the road before the ambulance came, he recalled someone he knew encouraging him.
"I just remember being on the pavement and things slowly going black and quiet.
(Image: Getty)
"The only reason I didn't fall asleep was because of a bizarre moment where I heard someone yelling, 'Ranger up you candy f***! Come on man, get up. Get up. GET UP!'
"Then someone was slapping my helmet (which was basically smushed really hard onto my head).
"When I opened my eyes I saw my brother squatting on the pavement next me to. This was odd because my brother died from an overdose several years ago.
"The only other thing I remember is him glancing at his watch and saying something like 'They'll be here soon' and then walking away.
"I wish I could give more detail but I honestly don't remember much of the incident and still have trouble with my memory as a result of the accident."
(Image: Getty)
Have you had a near-death experience? Email YourMirror@mirror.co.uk or get in touch via the form at the bottom.
3. A garden
While many users described their 'death' as being like a void, IDiedForABit had a very different experience after an allergic reaction which caused their heart to stop.
"I remember a feeling of being sucked backwards, extremely slowly, like being pulled through water and this blackness fading in and out.
"At one point it faded back in and I was staring out at a garden.
"It wasn't filled with flowers, just dust and patchy grass. There was a playground with a merry-go-round in the middle and two children running around it. A boy and a girl.
(Image: Getty)
"It's difficult to describe but I got the feeling I could choose if I wanted to stay or leave, but every time I tried to go back I was held in place.
"I went through all the reasons I wanted to go back, and when I told the presence I didn't want to abandon my mother whatever held me finally let go.
"I snapped back into my body. My heart had stopped for six minutes."
(Image: Getty)
4. Hitting snooze
As a teenager, TheDeadManWalks had been going through months of chemotherapy when his nose started bleeding uncontrollably.
Due to a sepsis and Clostridium difficile infection, his condition worsened, and he slipped in and out of death, which he describes beautifully.
"The worst part of it all, looking back, is how peaceful it can seem.
(Image: Getty)
"It's like wanting to hit the snooze button on your alarm at 7am.
"And maybe you do hit it once or twice but then you remember that you have work or school and that sleep can wait because you've still got s*** to do."
5. Or is it a hoot?
altburger69's brush with death didn't stop them from cracking jokes.
"Had a heart attack last year and my heart stopped three times in the emergency room.
(Image: Getty)
"Apparently, each time they shocked me back I 'woke up' (how it felt) and told the staff a different knock-knock joke each time.
"No lights or whatever, just felt like sleep."
6. There is nothing after
In the aftermath of a motorbike accident, Rullknuf's breathing and pulse stopped and he went "cramp and stiff". After two minutes, his friend managed to resuscitate him.
"For me it was just a blackout. No dreams, no 'visions, just nothing.
"Apparently I asked over ten times what happened and apparently I shall be happy to be alive today."
NRA Signals Openness to Gun Removal Laws — With Conditions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images
Lately, the NRA has relied heavily on videos to communicate with the public and its supporters, and video is how it announced its position on legislation to temporarily remove guns from people thought to pose a threat.
"We need to stop dangerous people before they act," says Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action. "So Congress should provide funding to states to adopt risk protection orders."
On the surface, this is good news for gun control groups, which have been campaigning for such laws in states around the country. They say this kind of law might have allowed an early intervention to stop the troubled young man who killed 17 people in Parkland, Fla., last month.
Gun control groups have assumed the NRA opposes such laws, which are often referred to generically as "red flag laws."
"The NRA has put out press releases about red flag laws calling them 'Firearms Surrender Bills,' which is completely inaccurate and incendiary rhetoric," says Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action, affiliated with Everytown for Gun Safety.
So if the NRA now supports such bills, it would represent a big change. But Watts is skeptical.
"I suspect this is an attempt by the NRA to look moderate, but the devil's in the details," Watts says. She says the test is whether the NRA will continue to work against state red flag bills.
The NRA wouldn't give NPR an interview about its plans, but one of its representatives in Florida was quoted in the Tampa Bay Times last month saying the group would not support a version of red flag legislation there, "until we see it has sufficient protections."
And that appears to be the sticking point. The NRA's support for red flag laws comes with the condition that there be high legal thresholds for temporary gun removals — higher than most gun control activists are calling for.
About a day after it posted the video, negative reactions from supporters of gun rights forced the NRA to add a clarifying note, saying it did not support the kind of red flag laws that have already passed in other states. In 2014, California passed legislation allowing family members to ask judges to temporarily remove guns from a person who appears to pose a threat; in 2016, voters in Washington state approved a similar law.
"The NRA strongly opposed these laws because they do not protect due process rights. We will continue to oppose confiscation schemes such as these," the group wrote on its YouTube page.
The note goes on to say that red flag laws should "require the judge to make a determination of whether the person meets the state standard for involuntary commitment," and the removal of a gun must be accompanied by mental health treatment.
Dr. Garen Wintemute, director of the University of California Firearm Violence Prevention Research Center and a proponent of red flag laws, says that condition goes too far.
"The requirement for mental health treatment is inappropriate, because 1) these orders don't necessarily involve mental health problems," Wintemute wrote in an email to NPR, "and 2) when they do, the requirement for treatment should be determined by a mental health professional—remember that the judge won't have such information in the vast majority of cases."
Still, Wintemute believes the NRA's willingness to entertain the possibility of red flag laws is a positive development.
"I see this as a welcome instance of convergence in support of a focused, effective intervention and am I looking forward to more such convergences," Wintemute writes.
Nothing less than a top 10 finish in the Premier League will suffice for Burnley's midfield maestro Steven Defour.
The Belgium international may be sidelined for much of the remainder of the campaign but the 29-year-old is still urging his teammates to finish the season strongly.
Steven Defour in action against Huddersfield Town
Burnley flirted with the Champions League places for a spell, climbing to fourth in the top flight with victory over Stoke City in mid-December.
However, they haven't won since. “We're still doing well but we could have done better. It's just those fine details,” said Defour.
“If you look at where we came from last year we also had a spell in January/February where we didn't get a win for a while. They're strange games sometimes where one decision or one goal makes the difference.
“I would prefer to be in our position than half of the other teams. Every team in the Premier League has a spell where it's not working for them and this has been our spell. We just have to get winning again really quickly.
The Clarets face Manchester City this weekend
“We need top 10 now, that's my honest opinion. We just need to keep working to try and stay in the top 10 and that will be a nice evolution from last year.
“Maybe next year we can do even better. I'm confident that we can achieve that. It would be nice to get those 40 points on the board as quickly as possible and then crack on.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner is fuming after Anglian Water announced it was scrapping a special charge for single people who were low water users.
John FitzGibbon, 67, said: “It seems to me to be very, very wrong.”
Mr Fitzgibbon, of The Oaks, Milton, said he and other pensioners would now effectively be subsidising larger families who used more water.
“I would think most people do not realise this has happened,” said Mr FitzGibbon, a retired property landlord.
“Anglian Water is a monopoly and there is nowhere else to go.”
Mr FitzGibbon, who lives alone, has raised the change with local MP Lucy Frazer.
He said the SoLow tariff had not been well publicised in the first place and he only found out it was being phased out in a line on a bill which he thought would be missed by most customers.
Anglian Water said ending the SoLow scheme was not about increasing its profits but was about fairness to customers.
It said SoLow users were being subsidised by those on the standard tariff and customers who responded to a campaign had said they did not want to do this any more because they were concerned about the cost of living and felt bills should be fairer across all tariffs.
But Mr FitzGibbon described Anglian Water's explanation as “baloney”.
He said: “I think it is desperately unfair that people who do not use a lot of water should be asked to pay more money at the expense of families who use a lot more water.”
Mr FitzGibbon said Anglian Water's view that the SoLow scheme was benefiting smaller households with one or two people who used less water was surely the point of the exercise.
A new means-assessed scheme called LITE has been introduced for customers on low incomes.
Sarah Dobson, from Anglian Water, said: “To ensure our charges are fair for all our customers our business plan, approved by our regulator Ofwat, included the phasing out of the SoLow tariff.
“We have found as more and more households have switched over to meters, SoLow has been benefiting smaller households with just one or two people. A larger household may be just as water efficient per person, but they have been losing out on the benefits. As our other customers have been subsidising our SoLow customers, this isn't a fair situation and the tariff has not always been benefiting the people most in need of our help.”
Boaters brave the rain for traditional New Year's Day Cam trip
She said: “We understand that these changes will impact some customers and that is why we are taking great care to phase the changes gradually. The changes will gradually bring SoLow customers in line with our standard tariff over the next 5 years. The price per cubic metre for water and sewerage is lower on the standard tariff and therefore this could mean some SoLow customers actually benefit from moving onto the standard rate.”
“Every customer is individual and will be offered assistance, including being recommended for our new means-assessed tariff, LITE, where appropriate. We have also increased our assistance fund for customers to £1 million per year. The Anglian Water Assistance Fund is for customers who are facing real hardship and are finding it difficult to pay their bill.”
On Friday, during the public viewing of Barbara Bush's casket, George H.W. Bush offered his hand to many of the around 2,500 people who walked through the church to pay their respects.
A year ago this month, he spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one's lungs. His doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia.
The elder Bush was hospitalized for 16 days in January 2017 for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, which included time in intensive care, doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected him to a ventilator.
He also was hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in his neck, and in December 2014 for about a week for shortness of breath. He spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised, said Dr. David Reuben, professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," he said.
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics, he said, while viral infections require other treatments. Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral, however, he said.
The prognosis for such a case would depend on a number of factors, including heart rate, blood pressure and oxygenation, Reuben said.
"The more of these parameters are abnormal, the more serious the case is," he said.
George Herbert Walker Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993. Born June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, Bush also served as a congressman, CIA director and Ronald Reagan's vice-president.
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas.
By Michael Graczyk, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The heartbroken parents of a toddler who was killed outside an Ibis Hotel after being taken to see a children's concert in Manchester have paid tribute to their "perfect son".
Carl and Cheryl Yates are still in shock after their 17-month-old son Jackson was hit by a vehicle at the car park hotel, on Trafford Road, Manchester, just before 9.15pm on Thursday.
Cheryl had taken Jackson to Manchester to see In the Night Garden Live with other relatives while dad Carl stayed at home.
It was as the group crossed the hotel car park that the toddler was struck by a Toyota Rav-4 in what police say was a tragic accident.
Now back at home on Coulson Close in Yarm, where they live with Cheryl's first son, 16-year-old Josh, the family is trying to adjust to life without little Jackson.
(Image: UGC)
(Image: MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS)
Speaking to The Gazette, Carl and Cheryl paid tribute to their clever, fearless little boy. “He was cheeky, he was such a character,” said Cheryl, 37.
“And he was absolutely fearless. He would go head-first down slides.
“There's a group of us that all go to Disneyland every year at the end of November. It's a Christmas tradition.
“We took him to Disneyland last year and he went on all the rides. We're still going to go this year. We're going to release some balloons for him.”
“I think he would have gone on all the big rides too if he was allowed,” said Carl, adding “His face when he saw Mickey Mouse made my holiday.”
(Image: MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS)
(Image: MEN WS)
Carl, who works at Marshalls in Yarm, and Cheryl who works at Santander in Thornaby, also talked about the day-to-day habits that made Jackson unique.
“He was a little daddy's boy,” said 31-year-old Carl.
“If she came in from work he would give her a little cuddle or a kiss.
“If I came in from work he would run over and cuddle my legs.”
Cheryl said: “He preferred you to me didn't he?”
“Whatever he was watching he would run over and sit with the right toy,” said Carl. “If he was watching Mr Bean he would run over and get his Mr Bean - he didn't have a Fireman Sam toy though so he would just get his fire engine.”
(Image: MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS)
Cheryl said: “He was so clever - he picked things up so easily.
“He never stopped, he was always smiling.
“He was loving as well.
Carl added: “He would give you a kiss and go ‘ahhhhhhhhh' after.
“He was a good little climber as well and he liked characters.
“We went to Comic Con at Kirkleatham. Darth Vader had hold of him, Jackson wasn't scared of him, he tried to take his mask off.
“You couldn't ask for a better little baby boy - he was perfect.”
Following Jackson's death, officers from the Greater Manchester Police Serious Collision Investigation Unit (SCIU) are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident, however the force says it is believed this was a tragic accident.
(Image: MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS)
(Image: MEN WS)
“People have been putting comments online saying things like I shouldn't have let him run off,” said Cheryl.
“But he hadn't run off - if he had been running off he would probably still be here.
“I do want to thank the police in Manchester - they have been amazing.”
Speaking after Jackson's death, sergeant Brian Orr of the GMP SCIU said: “This was a heart-breaking incident involving a young boy which has understandably left his family distraught and the thoughts of everyone in the SCIU are with them at this terrible time.
“At the moment this appears to have been a truly tragic accident and not a suspicious incident, however we have launched an investigation to establish a full understanding of exactly what happened. I would ask anybody who witnessed the collision to please contact police.”
Anybody with information should contact the SCIU on 0161 856 4741 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Penn State quarterback Trace McSorley is off to a miserable start in the Rose Bowl. He's thrown two passes. They've both been intercepted by USC.
The first came on what appears to be miscommunication with a wide receiver on the Nittany Lions' first play of the game — from their own 3-yard line.
The second killed a promising drive and ended up in the hands of star Adoree' Jackson.
Turning the ball over on every pass attempt is not a winning formula.
Rituals are bringing its philosophy of slowing down to the Ulta Beauty consumer.
After expanding its U.S. footprint with 10 freestanding stores in New York, Rituals is embarking on its first nationwide wholesale partnership with Ulta Beauty.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Capricorn Dec 22 - Jan 20
(Photo: Getty)
Like everything else in your life, you're not reckless with your finances. No doubt, you will be even more enterprising this year, even on a limited income or allowance.
The best time to invest and boost your earnings is in late January, and early February, the 9 th to 11th, is especially auspicious. Name your own price.
Someone as experienced as you should find a faster way to riches, either through property or a new business offer.
In this respect, around the July 23, and August 7, 10, and 21 is likely to see you making money hand over fist.
The only risk in 2017 is if you manage to land a deal too quickly. There are no shortage of opportunities, when the right gig presents itself.
Aquarius Jan 27 - Feb 19
You may decide to quit your career in the near future. A smart move, as you have something better up your sleeve that offers bigger rewards, and less effort.
What is agreed around February 26, and signed and sealed with a kiss on March 12, is a good piece of business.
Likewise, an acquisition or transaction about six months later, September 6 to be precise is downright robbery. Sold to the highest bidder, on the cheap. The time to market yourself is in early October, for you will reap untold benefits. Export and import is another legitimate way to line your pockets.
You might become quite an entrepreneur this year. Extend into unconventional areas, there is a pot of gold to be found.
Pisces Feb 20 - March 20
(Photo: Daily Record)
You have a reputation for not being economically sound. However, with Jupiter, the planet of good fortune situated in one of the money sectors of your chart, lady luck is around the corner.
This doesn't apply solely to business. Unexpected windfalls, lottery wins, competitions are all par for the course this year. On occasions, you need to protect your assets and pay attention to losses, between March 30 and April 7-9. After that, there should be an abundance of finances, a harvest, without you having to invest a penny. The period around the June 3, and early October is auspicious for property interests.
While Saturn in Sagittarius throughout 2017 is not the fast track to a prosperous career, but you could astonish the world.
Aries March 21 - April 20
(Photo: PA)
Six-figure incomes aren't a thing of the past where you are concerned. There is no doubt, you will increase your net worth, even if you have less purchasing power as this year commences. The elusive prize should suddenly materialize around April 26, and there is some serious money to be made on the side. It's all completed legal. Career and cash matters are particularly well starred on May 9 and 10, and September 6 to 9, and you must push vigorously to turn this into extraordinary liquidity.
Jupiter in Scorpio from October, and for an entire year, is a guarantee of prosperity. Pick the right business partner, even if you have other shareholders, prior commitments, or competitors to consider, as November gets underway.
Taurus April 21 - May 21
(Photo: Daily Record)
There is no disputing you are an excellent earner and shrewd operator. This year is more predictable, even if you've had your back against the wall and suffered more losses than most.
A new and interesting business venture is indicated around January 28, and by February 11, there are literally buckets to be made. The truth of this statement is even more apparent on May 25 and June 3 -9 and positively affects your security.
The fact that Saturn, the planet of harsh realities is stuck in Sagittarius throughout 2017 is not sufficient to limit your cash flow, even though June 15 and again on December 21, is when a substantial amount of money is on the line. Go for broke!
Gemini May 22 - June 20
The year hasn't properly begun, and you may be given a run for your money. No worries. You will receive a double recompense or double portion, even if you cut your losses on January 12.
In fact, whatever you forfeited or have deposited, this is the year to recoup the lot. The first 10 days in March have the potential to bring vast returns, for little investment. The period around July 9 or 10 could prove quite costly though. Not that you are devastated, just relieved to reduce a past debt or resolve a dispute, without much sacrifice. Later your fortunes improve dramatically. Property interests are starred in September. Even when Saturn enters Capricorn in late December, you could have enough to almost retire.
Cancer June 21 - July 22
You are the ultimate spendthrift. And this year your financial instincts are keener than ever, and alternative streams of income are available, by the gallon. The period between February 9 to 11, or February 14 indicates that deals already in the pipeline will receive the green light. Then the world will beat a path to your door, and the first of many breakthroughs will be assured, if not before, around the April 17.
The most lucrative time occurs in August, and when everything is negotiable. The moment is ripe to extend your business even further afield, particularly the following month, which yields greater results.
This year is when all your past efforts pay off handsomely. Enough to keep you safe and secure.
Leo July 23 - Aug 22
The luckiest sign in 2017, you never know! A break from the past could be best for all concerned this January. You won't do anything this year for just money. There is no lack of interest if you decide to back out of a deal. A handshake could secure your future in the business arena this March, on or around the 12th.
Meanwhile the New Moon on April 26 marks the beginning of a more lucrative career. You have plenty to spend or lend this year, even if that poses other problems.
And you will be positively showered with offers this September. Yet remember to live modestly. Waste not, want not.
Virgo Aug 23 - Sept 22
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
With Jupiter in the financial angle of your horoscope, this should be a usually bountiful year. Money for old rope.
Yet it's also easy come, easy go.
Meanwhile, your job prospects are brighter than ever, as you'll discover to your surprise on or around February 11. A salary rise or similar is the least you can expect.
The trickiest time for matters related to your income and security is between April 7 to 14, a bottomless pit if we are honest. But it's going to turn around, so don't feel anxious.
Indeed, as June begins, you could gain more than just a promotion. A business relationship is worth throwing all your resources into come September. Yet as a rule of thumb, have an exit plan. A pre-nuptial.
Libra Sept 23 - Oct 23
(Photo: Getty Images)
The season of goodwill comes to an abrupt end. But you are so fortunate and protected, it's unbelievable, and heaven is smiling. Even though you still have to prove your worth, or go above and beyond as this year begins, it's likely you have it made. A stroke of luck is indicated in early February, and you should milk it.
A deal around April 26, and confirmed on May 10 also has the potential to set you up in your own business. More money, and a more luxurious life. It will probably be approximately six months later, that you are in the position to safeguard your future. November 3 or 4 is when the rewards exceed even your expectations.
Scorpio Oct 24 - Nov 22
(Photo: Getty)
A successful business trip or meeting should set your year up nicely. But don't get too comfortable or complacent yet.
Nonetheless, you will achieve your financial goals, even if you receive a dose of reality in the middle of February. You will also increase your net worth and cash flow, if you don't set your sights too low, and it pays to advertise your services. Except, what is jointly proposed between June 3 and 9 is so secretive, and the market so competitive, you need more ammo - a confidentiality clause.
Despite this, congratulations are in order around August 7 to 10. December is pivotal as far as your future security is concerned. Here again, you have the advantage, and it's a major win.
Sagittarius Nov 23 - Dec 21
(Photo: Getty)
With so much spare cash lying around, you would expect to go on a spree. And yet, you could be heavily involved in negotiations or litigation right from the start. The severity of the conflict won't jeopardise your security in the slightest, even if it's a win-lose situation.
The Full Moon in Cancer on January 12 is when you can drive a hard bargain, and purchase your freedom. Then you will be swamped with offers. The next best time to utilise your assets is around the end of June. As July begins, and your net worth or wealth increases, others will seize any chance to rob you blind. September is a golden time and happily, before the year ends, all your Christmases come at once.
Man rides horse into shop to pick up groceries
Hackers can unlock your home's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On the face of it flipping a pan full of eggs and milk and semi-naked woman in preposterous costumes dancing in Brazil have little in common.
But Pancake Day and Mardi Gras, along with Ash Wednesday and Lent, are all inextricably intertwined.
The world famous Rio Carnival, which attracts millions of revellers to dance and cavort on the streets, is one of many across the globe leading into the Lenten season.
Other huge parades and celebrations take place throughout the rest of Brazil and most of South America, along with France, Belgium, Germany, Italy and many US cities.
What they all have in common is they have to finish on Mardi Gras (Fat Tuesday) - also known as Shrove Tuesday.
(Photo: William Volcov/Pacific Press/REX/Shutterstock)
(Photo: William Volcov/Pacific Press/REX/Shutterstock)
The actual date is determined by the Lunar calendar, which is why it changes on every year.
And the day after Mardi Gras is Ash Wednesday - the first day of Lent, when many Christians fast for about six weeks leading up to Easter.
Mardi Gras, or Fat Tuesday, comes from the practice of eating up all the rich fatty foods before fasting.
Our tradition of eating pancakes derives from the same thing, while the name Shrove Tuesday comes from shrive, meaning absolution for sins by doing penance.
(Photo: William Volcov/Pacific Press/REX/Shutterstock)
Popular Mardi Gras traditions include vibrant masks and costumes, parades, dancing debauchery and more.
This may or may not be more fun than flipping pancakes.
An estimated 2 million people head to Rio every year for the carnival.
Brazil welcomes 70 per cent of its tourists during the Mardis Gras season.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
‘Dad, dad, can we have a bubble tea?' came the excited plea from my daughter on Sunday morning as she spotted that Bristol's first Bubbleology had opened on Queen's Road.
Nursing a hangover and with a stomach already like a cement mixer, the last thing I really wanted was to drink bubble tea but a promise is a promise and there was no going back.
The week before, we had seen a few branches of Bubbleology in London - they have nine in the capital including one in Harvey Nichols and one at the Oxford Circus Topshop - and I had promised to buy her one but we ran out of time as we rushed for the train home.
Bubbleology isn't the first place to serve bubble tea in Bristol but it's a significant one as it's a franchise of a fast-growing and successful national company.
What started out as a Taiwanese craze has taken the UK by storm over the past year. People can't seem to get enough of these tea-based drinks with their fruity infusions and tapioca pearls.
Opening on Queens Road might be a brave move considering the endless churn of businesses opening and closing there, but its close proximity to Bristol University with its high number of Asian students may be its trump card.
On Sunday morning, the place was doing a surprisingly brisk trade and we had to queue at the counter as the staff made each tea to order.
Until Sunday, I'd never encountered bubble tea before but the staff explained everything and showed us the different options on offer.
You can choose between milk teas or fruit teas - they are all made with organic Assam and Jasmine tea leaves and served hot or cold. You can also ask for the sweetness to be reduced.
The milk tea flavours include coconut, almond, vanilla and chocolate, with fruit teas ranging from strawberry and white peach to ginger and lychee.
You can customise your drinks, mixing flavours and adding extra tapioca, popping boba (made from seaweed extract) or flavoured jelly (made from nata de coco, a pure extract from coconut water).
Regular drinks cost £3.59, large ones are £3.89 and the biggest ‘supreme' size costs £4.09. More expensive are the specials (from £3.89-£4.49) which include banoffee pie, rainbow ripple and strawberries and cream.
They are all served in clear plastic cups with PVC lids you have to pierce with oversize straws, much as young children do with those cheap cartons of pre-mixed cups of squash.
For anybody unfamiliar with bubble tea, the first thing that strikes you is the disconcerting texture of the tapioca pearls.
Those unfortunate enough to remember tapioca pudding as a child of the 1970s will know the slimy, frog spawn-like texture. It took me right back to my school dinner hall.
I went for the matcha milk tea with tapioca and I have to admit I nearly gagged as the first slimy tapioca pearls shot up through the straw and into my mouth.
Once it's in your mouth, the chewy, gummy texture is a cross between the last bit of a jelly tot (once the crunchy sugar coating has gone) and phlegm.
Pleasant it is not, but I got used to it as more flew up through the straw and into the cold and milky matcha tea.
My daughter's passion fruit and mango fruit tea was far more palatable, although the black tapioca pearls bobbing about in the murky liquid reminded me of a pond during the frog spawn season.
THE VERDICT:
An acquired taste, perhaps, but if you love bubble tea, Bubbleology is as good a place as any to get your fix.
RATINGS:
Overall: Three
Drink: Three
Service: Three
Ambience: Three
Value: Three
Where: Bubbleology, 53 Queens Road, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 1QQ.
From Rep. Dave Heaton
They UPFRONT
February 14, 2017
TITLE: Chapter 20 – Collective Bargaining
If one thought that this legislative session was going to be an easy one they were sadly mistaken.
Two weeks ago we passed the Deappropriation Bill that was necessary because revenues were not giving us enough money to pay for our current budget. A week ago, we passed an allowable growth bill that would only provide 1.1 percent to our K-12 school districts. Estimates from the REC (Revenue Estimating Conference) projected $200 million of new money. The decision to provide $40 million was the best we could do, given the other built in expenses that our budget has to address.
This week, we will be debating proposed changes in collective bargaining, better known as Chapter 20.
In 1974, Iowa's Public Employment Relations Act (now Chapter 20 of the Iowa Code) was passed with bipartisan support and signed into law by a Republican Governor, Robert D Ray. The act reflected careful compromise by Iowa's public employers and employees, many of whom had come together to advocate for Iowans to adopt a fair and binding legal process to settle disputes.
By all accounts, the system established by the act has worked well for over forty years to promote negotiated settlements of public sector contracts, to prevent strikes, and to promote widespread prosperity and stable communities by aligning standards of employment with regional and occupational trends.
No public sector strikes have occurred since the law was passed, and an average of ninety-eight percent of public sector contracts negotiated in Iowa each year are settled voluntarily. Those that reach impasse are forwarded to a third-party arbitrator, whose decision is final and binding, and who is required by statute to take into account budgetary constraints and comparisons between the contract terms in question and conditions of employees in similar employment.
There are those here in the House who feel that over the years, our Chapter 20 has slowly tipped in favor of the unions. I feel that from the outset, it was the intention of the Legislature 40 years ago to create a balance between labor and management as they sought to find agreement in contract negotiations. It is the requirement of the arbitrator that he must choose between the authors of both parties, and can only pick one or the other.
Current law reads that the arbitrator shall consider raising taxes to be part of the decision. Proponents of the bill feel that the arbitrator should be limited to the resources that are currently available.
Ultimately, the bill proposes that the arbitrator's decision would be limited to a wage increase of three percent or the Consumer Price Index, whichever is lower. This does not preclude an employer from offering a wage that is greater than the CPI or three percent increase – this only applies if the contract goes to arbitration. It is felt that this limitation will encourage the two parties to agree before going to binding arbitration.
The bill asks for certification of the agent who will be negotiating on behalf of the employees. It will require a majority vote of all those who are eligible. Members would have the right to choose whether their union would be the negotiating agent.
Currently, union dues can automatically be pulled from their members' paychecks. The bill does not discourage electronic transfers of union dues, but the dues must come from the union member's bank account, rather than automatically deducted from their check.
The bill mandates that base wages must be considered and that health insurance must be offered. However, health insurance would not be part of the negotiation but determined by the employer.
Public safety employees, including highway Patrol, police and fire personnel, sheriffs and their deputies, and motor vehicle enforcement officers of the DOT are not included in this legislation. They will continue to operate under the current rules of Chapter 20. Correctional officers of our prisons were not deemed exempt.
The bill moves many categories that were originally part of collective bargaining to the sole responsibility of the employer; procedures for staff reductions, sub-contracting public services, leave of absence for political activities, (run for public office) health insurance, evaluation procedures, and employment benefits.
Negotiations yesterday removed the following from the list of prohibited items and moved them to permissive; release time, grievance procedures and seniority and any wage increase, employment benefit, or other employment advantage based on seniority.
The passage of this bill, House File 291 has come a long way since it was first introduced. There have been movements that addressed certain issues that were previously prohibited to issues that can be discussed between management and employees if mutually agreed to. Those include; hours, vacations, holidays, leaves of absence, except for political activity, shift differentials, overtime compensation, seniority, job classifications, health and safety matters, in-service training and other matters mutually agreed upon. The difference between the current proposal and the current Chapter 20 is that there must be an agreement between the two parties in order to discuss these issues. In the past, these topics were mandated to be part of collective bargaining.
I truly want to find a balance in this proposal. I recognize that a lot of the topics have now been moved to mutual agreement, but that asks for a lot of trust that those topics will be discussed and agreed to.
The debate on this bill will take until the end of the week. I have not yet made a decision as to whether I will vote yes or no on this bill. I will listen to the debate and will be making up my mind.
Visitors to the capitol were: Reverend Gene Bray of Harvest Baptist Church, Mt. Pleasant;
If you have any issues or concerns, please contact me. Be sure to include your name and address with any communication to my office.
Dave Heaton, State Representative,
State House, Des Moines, Iowa 50319
Phone: 515-281-7327~Fax: 515-281-6958
E-mail: dave.heaton@legis.state.ia.us
Web page: http://www.daveheaton.net
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – things are a buzz on the rooftop of the Chase Park Plaza Hotel in the Central West End. Last May the Chase received two bee hives with 10,000 bees in each hive and hope to end up with 100,000 bees by September.
The Chase hopes to produce about 15 gallons of honey by year's end to use in various recipes and to sell in the gift shop.
Fox 2's Kim Hudson put on a bee suit to get a closer look.
The man in charge of the Public Accounts Committee says a health ministry Chief Officer lied to the PAC and he's calling for her to be disciplined.
PAC chairman Ezzard Miller told the Legislative Assembly last week Jennifer Ahearn deliberately misinformed the committee about changes to Cayman's Medical and Dental Council.
He said Ms. Ahearn indicated there were no major changes to council when in fact a new council was appointed.
“The PAC has not charged the Chief Officer with contempt of the Legislative Assembly but instead will refer the matter in writting to the Deputy Governor for him to take discipinary action as he sees fit. The letter will refer to the relevant legislation that governs such behaviour. However given Ms. Ahearn's history with the PAC we reserve the right to pursue the charge of contempt,” said the PAC chairman. He also expressed concern in his report about hiring practices at the Health Services Authority.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
© Unknown
"'Operation Olive Branch' will continue until it reaches its goals. We will rid Manbij of terrorists, as was promised to us before. Our battles will continue until no terrorist is left right up to our border with Iraq," Erdoğan said in an address to ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) colleagues in Ankara on Jan. 26.
© Unknown
As Turkish military and Syrian Islamist rebels in their employ try to overrun the Kurdish-held Afrin enclave in northwestern Syria where there is no US presence, they have has also stepped up the pace of airstrikes, artillery barrages and ground skirmishes against the Kurdish YPG militia near the the northern Syrian city of Manbij where the Kurdish forces are closely intertwined with US troops.It is almost certain that US troops are in some way involved in these clashes and occasionally imperiled by the rebels and the Turks, seeing how not only do we know that they are there, but that the Pentagon has confirmed earlier this month that US troops in that area are "regularly" fired upon and "occasionally" fire back So in fact, taking place in Manbij are acts of war of one NATO member against another. There is non-trivial chance this will degrade into a full-blown Turkish-American clash.The Turkish leader, Erdoğan has now promised that when the Turkish-rebel coalition is successful in Afrin he will launch another offensive to dislodge the US-backed Kurdish militias from Manbij as well:Meanwhile Erdoğan's foreign minister has said Ankara wants to see US withdraw from Manbij immediately The Turkish leader being a notorious blowhard it would be easy to dismiss all of this as more of Erdoğan's bluster. After all the promise to march onto Manbij was made in a speech to his party faithful. His minister likewise was speaking to a smattering of Turkish journalists.Trouble is most people, including me, likewise dismissed his threats that he would invade Afrin, but finally he did. He is a blowhard who occasionally carries out his threats and isn't afraid to roll the dice as the Russian air force, Assad, ISIS, Gulenists, Turkish Kurds and others Erdoğan has struck unexpectedly, often in the back, can attest to.A NATO-on-NATO clash in Syria is perhaps not likely, but it would take a braver man than I to rule out completely.The Kurdish YPG took Manbij from ISIS with extensive US help in the spring of 2016. At the time Erdoğan threatened the YPG crossing over from Kobane to the Euphrates' right bank was a red line for Ankara that would prompt a Turkish military intervention.US backed the Kurdish offensive anyway, but assured Turkey that once the military part of the offensive was over YPG fighters would retreat back east across the river.This never happened and the area, mainly populated by Arabs, continues to be heavily garrisoned by Kurdish fighters to this day.The Kurdish offensive against Manbij then directly led to the Turkish Euphrates Shield offensive to take ISIS-held al-Bab in northern Syria and therefore eliminate the possibility the Kurd could link up Kobane and Afrin as was their strategic goal.
Global Smart Airport Market by Technology (Security Systems, Communication Systems, Cargo & Baggage Handling Control, and Other technologies), Application, Terminal type, Airside, Landside, and by Region- Forecast to 2023
Market Scenario
The global smart airport market has grown drastically with innovative technologies that have enhanced user experiences. The rise in demand for real-time data is anticipated to drive the market growth, as it help to ease the burden on airport infrastructure and manpower. The key growth drivers include modernization of previous airports, establishment of new airports, development in commercial aviation, and increase in green initiatives by the airports. The aim of constructing a smart airport is to create systems and processes that are digitally equipped and arranged, in terms of process efficiency and connectivity.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5882
The introduction of various devices with innovative options, such as client identification through a unique heartbeat pattern with the assistance of biometric signatures and preparation of artificial intelligence technology, across airports are supporting the management of huge airport databases.
Smart robots are set to rise the productivity of the workforce, working at Singapore Changi airport. A smart wheelchair system, wheelchairs guided by vision-based technology is the latest technology which is to be implemented at the airport in the upcoming years. Different technologies include Roboto, a prototype robotic chef, which prepares ‘laksa' for passengers in Sats Premier Lounge.
A rising trend within the industry is the development and commercialization of recent intelligent technologies that provide a digital ecosystem, such as machine-driven arrival, flight booking management, and baggage and document checks to the passengers. Airports across the globe are progressively adopting technology-enabled devices, such as smart baggage system and on-site application of Internet of Things (LoT) to transform customer experiences. Moreover, development of queue management systems that utilize existing CCTV systems and predict the waiting time in arrival areas, security checkpoints, taxi lanes, and passport management will help to locate the passenger in less time. Queue management system counts the number of passengers captured within the CCTV cameras, calculate the waiting time, and predict the time spent by a traveler in a queue.
At present, airports are accumulating traveler data to provide various added advantage to passengers, such as data regarding the nearest retail locations, live updates on flight status, traffic and parking updates, guidance for arrival and baggage drop, directions for immigration check, and live updates on bus and taxi transportation services.
The various application varieties analyzed, within the report, embrace aeronautical and non-aeronautical operations. The non-aeronautical segment is expected to witness important growth throughout the forecast period. Services such as retail outlets, advertising, smart parking, Wi-Fi, restaurants, lounge access, and personalized services are driving the growth in non-aeronautical applications.
Airports, worldwide, have started diversifying their financial gain and are spending huge amount to implement non-aeronautical operations, such as providing parking facilities, lounges, conference rooms, and boarding and lodging facilities. Airports are currently focusing their efforts on traveler satisfaction and have started providing various facilities, such as providing personalized data relating to retail showrooms and related offers, by analyzing the precise habits and wishes of previous visited passengers, so as to make customized user expertise for the new passengers.
The segment, terminal side is predicted to emerge as the largest section during the forecast period. Terminal side updated information is provided to the traveler on their smartphones so as to know the landing field kiosks. It also involves devices that provide location services and alerts for guiding traveler to their terminals and gates with personalized retail and hospitality offerings.
The smart airport market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of more than 12% during the forecast period of 2017-2023. This estimation of a CAGR is due to the rise in usage of digital technologies worldwide, aircraft companies are more focusing towards the digital transformation to enhance personal experience of the passengers.
Key Players
The key players in smart airport market are Honeywell Corporation Inc (U.S.), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), SITA (Switzerland), Siemens AG (Germany), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.), Raytheon (U.S.), Kiewit (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro (India), and Amadeus IT Group SA (Spain).
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-airport-market-5882
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Hanover - Third ranked Highland Springs spotted Hanover a touchdown to start their game, then the Springers ran past the Hawks for a 40-8 win.
D'Vonte Waller threw for 371 yards and 5 touchdowns, 4 of them over 60 yards in length. Jonathan Carey had 2 catches for 131 yards and 2 scores. Billy Kemp IV and LaQuan Veney also had 80 yard TD receptions.
Hanover (1-5) got 126 total yards and a score from quarterback Tyler Elrod. They travel to Patrick Henry next week.
The Springers improve to 6-1 and are off in week 8.
The Netflix corner of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has found great success with audiences so far, and after what fans have been calling "Phase One" came to a close with The Defenders, we're expecting a slew of other projects. Out of the various shows coming our way in the next year, fans have been most excited about Jon Bernthal's The Punisher. The series is right around the corner, and Marvel and Netflix have enjoyed playing a cryptic marketing game with audiences.
One of the most secretive aspects about Frank Castle's solo on-screen mission has been its release date. The companies have released multiple teasers and motion posters, giving fans subtle hints about when the show will be available for the public to watch.
The mystery has been a fun, albeit frustrating, interactive experience between the company and audiences, but it's been our understanding that the series was scheduled to arrive at some point in November. Now, however, we've learned that Marvel has reportedly decided to delay the series in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre.
The companies recently pulled the show's panel from #NYCC2017 in the wake of the shooting. A day after the announcement, Verne Gay, a writer for Newsday, sent out a tweet stating that Netflix and Marvel were going to delay The Punisher from mid-October to an unspecified date later in the fall because of the aforementioned tragedy:
Have heard: Netflix will delay mid-Oct. launch of #ThePunisher (which also dropped out of #NYCC) until late fall, citing Las Vegas massacre. — vernejgay (@vernejgay) October 5, 2017
A few hours later, Gay took to social media once again to state that #Netflix reportedly wanted to surprise fans by releasing The Punisher during New York Comic Con weekend. But the plans were scrapped, and now the show is allegedly expected to be released sometime this fall:
More on #thepunisher: Netflix planned surprise drop this weekend; now pushed back to late fall. Trailer reveals why: https://t.co/eyiojLegmD — vernejgay (@vernejgay) October 5, 2017
I must stress that we should take this information with a grain of salt, especially because the details we got throughout the past few months have indicated the show would be coming in November. In fact, even one of the directors confirmed it during an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, and November is technically late fall.
With that said, the rumor also makes sense, especially taking into consideration the aforementioned teases and secrecy surrounding the release date. Therefore, it wouldn't be so far-fetched for the company to want to drop it on unsuspecting viewers.
[Credit: Marvel Television/Netflix]
As much as it may be difficult for fans to know we'll have to wait longer to get Frank Castle's series, #Marvel would be doing the right thing in delaying the show. The Las Vegas shooting was a devastating event, and promoting an antihero with gun violence as his primary identifier just mere days after it happened could understandably make audiences feel uncomfortable.
For now, it seems that The Punisher will arrive in November, just as has been reported throughout the past few months. While we wait for that to arrive, you can watch the trailer again:
Do you think The Punisher was in fact delayed? Or is Marvel still planning to release it in November? Let me know what you think.
Congressional Republicans Hope To Pass Tax Overhaul Bill By Dec. 25 Congressional Republicans are working to merge House and Senate versions of a GOP tax bill. They're hoping to reach their first major legislative milestone by Christmas.
Birmingham City have won the race to sign Isaac Vassell from Luton Town.
Bristol City had reportedly been locked in a battle with the Blues to gain the 23-year-old services, but the striker now links up with Harry Redknapp's side, who beat the Robins 2-1 last weekend.
Lee Johnson's side had a bid turned down for Vassell some weeks and, considering the head coach is aiming to strengthen the attacking ranks, this could be seen as major defeat in the transfer market.
Vassell netted 14 goals last season to help the Hatters reach the League Two play-offs.
He scored twice on the opening day of the season as Luton battered Yeovil Town 8-2, before missing last week's Carabao Cup tie.
“I am absolutely buzzing, I can't wait to get going," Vassell told the club's website. "It's been going on for the past couple of months, that sort of thing, and once the Club put in a bid that was accepted, I was just so excited and I am looking forward to moving on to the next chapter in my career now.”
Vassell was previously at Plymouth Argyle and Truro City.
He could make his debut tomorrow night for the Blues against Bolton Wanderers.
Cardiovascular exercises are usually the easiest way to lose fat. Cardio coupled with weight-training is one of the oldest trick in the book to lose fat and gain muscle. For someone who's never been to the gym, it is easy to get overwhelmed by the cardio machines and have to choose between, let's say the treadmill or the rowing machine. Every cardio machine works differently on the body and tends to burn varying amounts of fat. (To find out which is the best cardio machine to burn fat, click here.)
The best cardio exercises for fat loss
When it comes to losing weight though, it's a pretty straightforward deal: cardio exercises help you lose fat faster. But, as with everything else, it is also important that you start slow to avoid injuries. Weight-training is also equally important, not just to gain muscle and give your body better definition but also to avoid muscle injury. Here are:
1. Walking
Walking is perhaps the easiest and the best cardio exercises for fat loss. It is one of those exercises which you can incorporate into your daily routine without having to shift around your schedule too much. Walking as a cardio exercise helps you to burn 300 to 400 calories per hour. That's quite a lot and at zero expense. But, you can't expect to take a light evening stroll and lose 400 calories. You need to take a brisk yet moderately fast-paced walk for the fat loss to happen. Not only that, a simple exercise like walking helps you maintain a healthy weight and is the best way to improve your mood. It also helps you strengthen your bones and muscles.
2. Sprinting
Walking is good, running is great but sprinting is even better. Yet again, sprinting doesn't require any equipment other than a pair of good shoes. Sprinting helps you burn calories and increase your stamina. To make the most of your workout, alternate between sprinting and jogging for 30-45 seconds each for an hour. Even though a treadmill will do just fine, there's nothing quite like running on a track.
3. Elliptical
Elliptical workouts can help you burn up to 500 calories per hour at a moderate speed. Switch up the intensity and speed for your elliptical workout to be more effective. The elliptical is an excellent way of losing fat without hurting your joints. Unlike a treadmill or a stationary bicycle, an elliptical tends to workout your entire body.
4. Cycling
The stationary cycle is often the most overlooked machine in the gym. But use it well and you will be able to burn as many as 1200 calories in a single hour. Cycling isn't just one of the best cardio exercises for fat loss but it also helps you strengthen your leg muscles and build stamina. While a cycle in the gym isn't a bad idea at all, cyclists will tell you that nothing compares to the real thing. Cycling in the open will not just help you lose fat and get fit, it will also encourage you to get outdoors and soak in some vitamin D.
5. Skipping Rope
One of the big movements in fitness trends today involves a return to playground activities — the kind of ‘workouts' you did as a child. Think jumping rope, running, hopscotch… you get the drift. Skipping, in that light, isn't just a kid's play. Sure, you had a blast with the rope when you were a kid but the humble skipping rope is also the go-to equipment for athletes and boxers (including he great Muhammad Ali) whose sport requires stamina. Not only does skip help you build stamina, it is also considered one of the best cardio exercises for far loss. Done properly, skipping is slightly more intense than walking. The simplest way to make the best of your rope is to skip for a minute straight, take a 20- to 30-second break and repeat.
6. Swimming
This one's a no-brainer. Depending on who you ask, swimming is perhaps the best cardio exercise to lose fat. Not only does it workout your entire body, because of the nature of the exercise, swimming causes almost no injuries whatsoever. Swimming, when done right, can help you lose as much as 14 calories in a single minute. Compared to any other cardio exercise in this list, swimming has far fewer downsides (almost none) and is a great way to lose weight.
7. Rowing
Quite like the cycle, the rowing machine is one of the most neglected piece of equipment in the gym. But it also happens to be one of the most efficient one if you want to lose weight. Like the elliptical, the rowing machine works out your entire body and can help you lose as many as 600 calories per hour. Advanced users can even burn as many as 1,000 calories an hour. Like with any cardio exercise, alternating bursts of high intensity activity with 20- to 30-second intervals of going easy will help you make the most of your rowing workout.
8. Kettlebells
Though not a cardiovascular exercise, technically, a kettlebell workout can easily help you lose as many as 900 calories per house. Done right, a a kettlebell workout can help you lose as much as 20 calories per minute. As with anything in life, it wouldn't help if you rush into a kettlebell workout and slowly build your muscle and stamina before going all intense. The kettlebell workout will help you build muscle and lose fat and give you that lean, muscular physique without making you look bulky. For best results, alternate between high intensity movements for 40-50 seconds straight and then lower your movement intensity to 20-30 seconds and repeat this movement a several time.
9. Stair training
Research says that climbing stairs can help you burn up to 600 calories an house. And you can achieve this even when you're working out at a moderate pace. Star training is also a great cardio exercise for fat loss that doesn't require anything besides a pair of good running shoes and, well, a flight of stairs. That being said this is also a workout that can put a fair amount of stress on your knees and so must be practiced with caution. If you have issues with your knee joint, this is definitely not an exercise for you.
10. HIIT (High-Intensity Interval Training)
High-intensity interval training is a great workout for quick fat loss. As the name suggests, the high-intensity of the workout could help a person to lose upto 500 or even 1200 calories per hour. order to have a perfect workout, you need to get the correct body weight movement paired with a traditional cardio element. The ultimate goal of the high intensity workout is to go all out for a interval and then take a short break and repeat the process to achieve your final goal. It takes similar amount of time but still help you with more fat loss than any other exercise combined. The best part about HIIT is that it can be done with anything, be it from running, sprinting, cycling, weights or even an elliptical for that matter. As long as its high intensity, you're good to go.
Needless to say, all these workouts must be carried out under the watchful eye of a trainer. Something as elementary as walking can also cause injuries; bad posture while walking and incorrect strides can lead to injuries. So, while some of these workouts may seem simple, it is always advisable to have an expert supervise you in the initial days of your weight-loss journey.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
How to lose weight with a Kettlebell
How to lose weight and burn fat with Calisthenics, according to John Abraham's trainer
The only workout you need to get that sculpted chest
> More on Fitness
It's the dawning of a new year and if the planets have their say it should be a positive, energetic one.
MERCURY is retrograde as we enter 2017. However, it does move direct on January 9. At this point all the planets will be direct until February 5 when Jupiter takes his turn to move retrograde. This is a good news window of opportunity.
This is where our New Year rightly begins. This New Year is offering us an opportunity to plant fresh seeds and move in new and passionate directions. Mars is direct for all of 2017 and this too is a positive vibe.
Mars is the planet of action, energy and desire. Having it direct all year will give us the motivation to nurture our newly planted seeds and achieve the outcomes we want. This is the year to re-evaluate our resources and how we are using them to live our best life and aid others in doing the same.
Uranus creates more positive energy for us in 2017, indicating that the world is indeed moving on from the difficult times of 2016. We can look forward to progress regarding our rights, and the rights of many others. People power has much sway when Uranus is highlighted.
Jupiter and Saturn also add more positive energy, bringing individual and global awareness and expansion. It should help the world's economies to grow, open our minds to new and improved ways of doing things and highlight our humanitarian impulses.
The first full moon of 2017 occurs on January 12 in Cancer. Cancer focuses on issues of home and family, emotions and internal foundations; so during this Full Moon we need to make an effort to be nurturing, encouraging, and understanding of ourselves and each other.
The first new moon of 2017 occurs on January 27 in Aquarius. This new moon encourages us to look at the world from a wider perspective and be more objective. It asks us to begin our year with humanitarian compassion and open minds.
ARIES:
The main areas highlighted for 2017 are partnerships and your long-term career. So focus your energy here as you have the planets - including ruler Mars very much on your side this year. Uranus is going to make you speak up and develop a strong voice. In fact its purpose is to liberate you by bringing the hidden you to the surface. Whatever has been buried inside you for years, will come to the surface so that it can be healed, dealt with and released, once and for all.
Meditation: Try this little meditation to clear the throat chakra and help you speak your truth beautifully. Bring your hands together by connecting your pinkies together and your thumbs together with the base of your palms touching and your fingers spread like a lotus flower. Place your hands over your throat. As you breathe, visualize bright blue light until you feel calm and balanced. Inhale what you need to speak your truth and exhale anything blocking your truth from being spoken as you heal.
Inspiration: "Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor". - Thích Nhất Hạnh
TAURUS:
Jupiter should boost your confidence levels at work and this in turn should result in increased money coming your way in 2017. Yes there is hard work but the hard work means you will be ready to take opportunity where it presents itself. Taurus, keep your eye on the prize. 2017 is a time in your life to strive for a secure future. You have boundless energy in 2017 but need to remind yourself that its ok to say no to some things and listen to the needs of your body.
Meditation: Spend one day a week without your phone turned on, away from the computer and with very little or no TV. Over stimulation is as much a trigger for stress as over worry or over work. Do something creative, go for a walk, to the beach, listen to gentle music instead.
Inspiration: "I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself". - Pietro Aretino to Agostino Ricchi.
GEMINI:
This year the Gemini New Moon appears on May 25, 2017 and no matter when your birthday falls this really does mark the start of a new cycle for you. But you may be too serious for your own good this year. Don't get involved in problems that aren't directly related to you. Take care of your own issues or you may be dragged into more than you are bargaining for. You're eager to partner up with someone and may make a long-term commitment in 2017.
Meditation: Laughter Yoga for a little fun. If you keep a slight smile on your face all the muscles in your face relax, and you will discover that you really do feel better.
Inspiration: The world always looks brighter from behind a smile. - Author unknown
CANCER:
This year a great sense of pleasure is felt by being at home with your family. A good deal of focus will be on your home and some positive changes may be made to the home as well. If there have been problems on the domestic front, then they are more easily smoothed out during the first 10 months of 2017. One of the biggest influences of the year will be an older mentor who really helps you advance in your career.
Meditation: 2017 is the perfect time for getting out into the garden and it doesn't have to all be hard work, sipping tea under the shade of a tree can be the best tonic. Literally take time to smell the roses.
Inspiration: The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses. - Hanna Rion
LEO:
The 2017 forecast for Leo indicates that it is a good time to connect and have some fun with siblings and neighbours. It is also a good year to buy that car, get your car fixed or take those trips you have always wanted to take. Leo, wonderful opportunities will surface if you are open to reading, writing and expanding your mind in 2017. There will be a lot of change throughout the year but if you can gently flow with it, your life will be that much better.
Meditation: Try the following affirmation on waking, spend a few moments and calm your breath, then say three times out loud. Today, I will go with the flow of life and let people and things be as they will. I will accept that the only thing I can change is me and I will know peace.
Inspiration: "Smile, breathe and go slowly". - Thich Nhat Hanh
VIRGO:
2017 encourages Virgos to work even harder to get life where they want it to be. To get those bills paid, things fixed, education or degree you have been striving for, etc. Finances are on the up and up and there is space and time to bring your goals to fruition. March will see someone significant from the past reappear in your life. You will have the opportunity to truly speak your mind and say what you always wanted to say.
Meditation: To relax take a fifteen minute walk and stop occasionally "From standing, inhale and reach your arms overhead. Exhale, bend your knees and fold forward (arms dangling or resting wherever they come on your legs). Hang out here for a breath and then on your next inhale, press through your feet and come up to standing, reaching your arms overhead. Exhale and rest your arms by your sides."
Inspiration: "But in every walk with Nature one receives far more than he seeks". - John Muir, July 1877
LIBRA
The Libra 2017 horoscope shows this is the year to increase your assets and that includes savings and investments as well as the money you have on call on a daily basis. You should be in line for a pay increase, a better paying position or else a new source of income will open up for you. Watch health though, and try to make positive adjustments to your lifestyle. Alternative therapies can work for you now.
Meditation: Put your feet up against the wall. The Vipariti Kirani yoga pose involves lying on the floor and resting the legs up against a wall. Not only does it give the body a good stretch,but it helps create peace of mind.
Inspiration: "Attention to the human body brings healing and regeneration. Through awareness of the body we remember who we really are". - Jack Kornfield
SCORPIO:
2017 for Scorpio points to a time of inner spiritual learning, where links with your past, family karma, karmic connections with others and soul path and purpose are revealed. Saturn, the planet of hard work and discipline, will be in your sector of money and possessions bringing lessons revolving around the prudent use of funds. It's time to get smart with your money and there will be more of it.
Meditation: Make time to be alone and just sit quietly with your thoughts. Do this on a regular basis. All the great geniuses of history have found times of regular solitude and silence for themselves. You should too.
Inspiration: "Silence is a source of great strength". - Lao Tzu
SAGITTARIUS:
In 2017 you will work hard and reap the rewards. The year may seem like a lot of responsibility and hard work, but you'll be impressed with the results and proud of your accomplishments. This is a time to plant roots, set your sights on future goals and to start taking steps needed to prepare for the future. Start the year by getting rid of the clutter, box up old items that are collecting dust, throw away old paperwork that you don't need anymore, and get outdoors often to breathe.
Meditation: De-clutter your mind as well as your space. Write down things you have trouble letting go of emotionally. Then burn the piece of paper. Breathe, let go.
Inspiration: "Clear clutter. Make space for you". - Magdalena Vandenberg.
CAPRICORN:
The changes that you make to yourself, your home, or your life in general in 2017 will lead to increased self-esteem. You'll have a better understanding of what you really want to do with your life. When you feel good about yourself and your home, you feel optimistic in all areas of your life. You may be in for a radical lifestyle change at the start of the year bringing great opportunities for you to learn and grow.
Meditation: start a three compliments journal. First, you will need a blank journal or a notebook, and a pen or a pencil. When you wake up in the morning, look in the mirror, then grab the journal and pen, and give yourself three compliments. Read them aloud in front of the mirror and congratulate yourself. Then let your day go on as usually.
Inspiration: Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind. - Dodinsky,
AQUARIUS:
Jupiter is in your travel sector until October 2017, so travel is firmly on your mind this year. Travel experiences may not be life changing, but your perspective will certainly change Aquarius. However internal changes are more important to you than external changes this year. Family dynamics could affect your belief system and cause you to question old patterns. Pay special attention to your health and don't overexert yourself.
Meditation: Nourish your mind with some truly mind opening fiction that shakes up your view of the world, exposes you to new beliefs and generally asks more questions than it answers. Reading can be a great meditation for you this year.
Inspiration: "I soon realized that no journey carries one far unless, as it extends into the world around us, it goes an equal distance into the world within". - Lillian Smith
PISCES:
Sacrificing fun for security will pay off abundantly for Pisces in 2017. It's a big year for career and friendships that are work or career based. Mid-March and into April will see finances move forward. You will however have to watch your general emotionality as sensitivity will be high. Energy levels are also high and health overall seems to be stable. A great year for discovering some important things about yourself.
Meditation: Try making a self portrait. You can write, paint, draw, sculpt or whatever takes your fancy. Consider what it says to you. How is your portrait different from the image you project to others? What is a step you are willing to take to improve your vision of yourself? How will you use what you have learned today? Do it again in six months and see how much you have changed.
Inspiration: "No matter where you go, there you are". - Confucius
CONTACT BEV:
Bev Murray can be contacted via email at insightbevmurray@yahoo.com or at the Wellbeing Centre Yamba.
CAIRO — Archeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside of Cairo, the Antiquities Ministry said Saturday, the latest discovery that authorities hope will help revive the country's staggering tourism sector.
The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom.
It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty.
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday, is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey — in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals — picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
"This is a very promising area. We expect to find more," Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. "We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb."
"What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 per cent of what the core holds," he added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though her mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artifacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
PESHAWAR: Five members of a family were shot dead by unidentified gunmen on Monday night, according to report by a local media outlet citing law enforcement agencies.
The attack took place at the residence of a civil servant named Yahya in Lala Kalay, said police officers. Yahya, his wife, his sister-in-law Esha and two children name Shoaib and Zohaib were killed. The children were five-year-old and 18 months old respectively. An investigation team has been set up by the police which will present its report in a couple of days, though motives for the murders are currently unclear.
An FIR [first information report] has also been registered with the Chamkani police.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five months after his famous but controversial victory over Manny Pacquiao, Jeff Horn makes the first defence of his world welterweight title.
In the opposite corner will be Londoner Gary Corcoran who was handed a surprise shot at the WBO strap in what will be his 19th fight.
The 27-year-old has won all but one of his bouts in his career to date but lost to Liam Williams as recently as last year.
Since then he has recorded back-to-back victories over journeyman James Gorman and the previously unbeaten Larry Ekundayo.
Horn will also walk to the ring for the 19th time having conquered pound-for-pound great Pacquiao in July.
The Australian was given the nod by unanimous decision but there were plenty who felt the Fiipino great deserved to win.
Here is everything you need to know about the fight...
(Image: AFP)
When and where is the fight?
The fight takes place on Wednesday at the Brisbane Convention Centre in Australia.
What time will the fight start?
The fight will start between 10.30am and 11am in the UK.
What TV channel is the fight on and is there a live stream?
The fight is being shown on Box Nation in the UK and can be streamed via the channel's website.
Who else is fighting?
Rohan Murdock vs Apti Ustarkhanov
Nathaniel May vs Aelio Mesquita
Alex Leapai vs Roger Izonritei
Leonardo Zappavigna vs Nestor Faccio
Paul Fleming vs Vergil Puton
Shannon O'Connell vs leopatra Tolnai
More than 4,000 samples of SonicSpy have been distributed since February, hidden in apps on Google Play and elsewhere
Researchers have uncovered thousands of Android applications infected with malware that can record audio from a device's surroundings and take pictures, amongst other spying tactics.
The SonicSpy malware has been “aggressively” deployed since February, with several infected samples appearing on Google Play, according to computer security firm Lookout.
Google Play infiltrated
The firm said at least three infected applications, called Soniac, Hulk Messenger and Troy Chat, were found on Google Play. Soniac was downloaded between 1,000 and 5,000 times before it was removed by Google at Lookout's request.
It isn't clear how the other samples, which number more than 4,000, are being distributed, with possible channels including third-party app stores and targeted text messages that include a download link, Lookout said.
Soniac was marketed as a messaging application, and provided that service via a customised version of Telegram, which ironically was designed for ultra-secure communications.
But it also contains malicious features including the ability to record audio, take photos with the camera, make outbound calls, send text messages to numbers specified by the attacker and retrieve information including call logs, contacts and information about Wi-Fi access points.
Spying on users
“The overall SonicSpy family supports 73 different remote instructions, including those seen in the Soniac instance,” Lookout said in an advisory.
When installed SonicSpy removes the launcher icon, then establishes a connection to a command server and then tries to install its custom version of Telegram.
Lookout said it believes SonicSpy was created by the developer of a piece of malware called SonicNote reported by Palo Alto Networks last year. That developer, who is thought to be based in Iraq, used an automated desktop tool to mass-produce infected applications, meaning a similar technique could be in use with SonicSpy, Lookout said.
“Anyone accessing sensitive information on their mobile device should be concerned about SonicSpy,” Lookout wrote. “The actors behind this family have shown that they're capable of getting their spyware into the official app store and as it's actively being developed, and its build process is automated, it's likely that SonicSpy will surface again in the future.”
Infected applications are often found on third-party app stores, which in some major markets, including China, are the established way for users to access Android software. But they're also routinely found on Google's own platform.
Lookout said users can install security software to detect SonicSpy and other malware.
Do you know all about security in 2017? Try our quiz!
Sam Smith wants to become a florist in the future.
The 'Too Good At Goodbyes' hitmaker - who is dating '13 Reasons Why' hunk Brandon Flynn - has revealed his aspiration to open his own coffee shop in London, which has a flower shop in the back room, where he'd be able to work when he is on a break from touring and making music, because flowers make him "happy".
Appearing as a special guest on pal George Ezra's 'George Ezra & Friends' podcast, he admitted: "I think I want to open a flower shop, I really do. Flowers make me happy. A coffee shop that has a flower shop at the back. And when have downtime I'll just go and work in the florist. I think I'm going to do a florist class first. I have an idea for a logo and everything."
The 'Stay With Me' singer - who previously worked as a bartender in London's Soho before rising to fame in 2012 with the Disclosure song 'Latch' - also wants to do more with charities after working with War Child, who provide assistance to children in areas experiencing conflict.
The 25-year-old British pop star also joked that he would eventually like to become a "gay folk singer" with quirky fashion sense, who smokes marijuana.
He laughed: "My aim in life is to just slowly, slowly become this old gay folk singer that wears kaftans and smokes weed and has a beard, singing lonely love songs. That's my aim."
Sam also promised fans that he won't be going on a long hiatus once he's finished his touring cycle for his second record 'The Thrill Of It All'.
He said: "I don't want to take a big break after this record I just want to keep going and write on the road."
Turkish Voters Grant More Power To The President In Historic Referendum
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won a referendum granting him sweeping new powers. Steve Inskeep talks to Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute about what it means for U.S. relations with Turkey.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
The president of Turkey got what he wanted from a referendum over the weekend.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
In a narrow vote, the government says Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won changes to the constitution. The president becomes more powerful after the next election. And if Erdoğan keeps winning reelection, he can stay in office through the year 2029.
INSKEEP: These changes are big enough that his opponents say Turkey's democracy is dying. And the changes affect a vital U.S. ally, which is part of NATO. Soner Cagaptay is watching all of this. He directs Turkish research at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. And he's on the line via Skype. Welcome to the program, sir.
SONER CAGAPTAY: It's a pleasure to be with you.
INSKEEP: I should mention that you've got a book out this week on Erdoğan. Nice timing, well done. And it's called "The New Sultan," which doesn't sound very democratic. Does that mean he was already too powerful?
CAGAPTAY: He was already, indeed. Erdoğan came to power in 2013. He became Turkey's prime minister as chief executive and then president as head of state in 2014. So he had already assumed a significant amount of powers. And I think yesterday's referendum makes him the most unassailable Turkish politician since Ataturk founded Turkey back in the 1920s, so definitely a leader of great consequence for Turkish politics. He has become the most powerful person in the country's history in at least a century.
INSKEEP: Although we should mention he's a democratically elected leader and, at least according to the government's count, this referendum received a narrow majority, around 51 percent. Is Turkey still a democracy?
CAGAPTAY: That's correct. And actually, that's exactly Erdoğan's problem. He is democratically elected, but he's acting sort of like an Ataturk. What is an Ataturk? Ataturk tried to shape Turkey tapped down in his own image as a secular Western society. Erdoğan is doing something opposite. He's shaping Turkey in his own image as a conservative Muslim and nationalist place, and he wants to do it by the force of his personality. And the problem, though, is Ataturk was not of course democratically elected. He was the country's founder. Erdoğan is. And while half of the country loves Erdoğan and adores him, the other half of the country despises him.
And the challenge for Turkey's that this puts Turkey in a permanent state of crisis. Erdoğan's agenda actually threatens to split Turkey because yes, 51 percent has voted for him. And they like him as their beloved sultan. But 49 percent see him as their dictator, unfortunately, and that is not a recipe for stability for Turkey going forward.
INSKEEP: Can I just mention, a leader of that 49 percent of the opposition is questioning whether it was really only 49 percent. They have some doubts about the ballot counting. And the deputy head of one of the opposition parties says that they may take a challenge to the European Court of Human Rights or to Turkey's own courts. From where you sit, is there any reason to doubt the reality of a 51 percent margin in favor of this change?
CAGAPTAY: Turkey has had free and fair elections longer than has had Spain. Turkey has been holding free and fair elections since 1950. It's really unfortunate that there's a first time you see massive allegations of vote-rigging. I was following this as well, and I think that there is some ground to think that there may have been some irregularities. The election board deemed valid unofficiated ballot papers after the polls closed. So we don't know whether the amount of vote fraud was significant enough to change the outcome or more than 1 percent, but definitely something happened.
And Turkish courts are in general conservative in terms of overturning election outcomes. So I don't think anything will come out of it. But the problem is, in a country that's so deeply divided, where it's almost half and half for and against Erdoğan, if you even have allegations of voter fraud, whether or not it happened, his legitimacy will be completely and constantly questioned by that half that does not vote for him. And I think that is a problem for him going forward.
INSKEEP: Was the playing field already slanted, regardless of any ballot rigging that there may or may not have been, just because Turkey's government has taken more and more direct control of the media and the opposition says they couldn't get their voices out?
CAGAPTAY: That is indeed the case. I think that the election yesterday was free and fair, despite those allegations of voter fraud. But the competition, or the contest running up to the election, was definitely not fair. The playing field was not fair for the first time. I could see many instances where, for instance, resources devoted to the pro-Erdogan, or yes campaign, far outweighed resources devoted by the government - that is resources devoted - to the anti-Erdogan, or the no campaign, so I think that's definitely not a fair race. And that is really where Turkey's problems are today, in the sense that it's such a deeply polarized society that it's not able to move forward in a unified fashion.
INSKEEP: Can the United States keep Turkey as a very, very close NATO ally as it becomes less democratic?
CAGAPTAY: That's probably going to be the case. Although Turkey's increasingly less democratic and increasingly deeply polarized, it's still a very important ally because it borders Iran, Iraq, Syria. It is the country that's going to help us defeat ISIS. It is right next to Russia. So whatever your U.S. policies are regarding those four countries, Turkey's essential. But mind you that the U.S. government still has not issued any statements or congratulatory remarks on the outcome of the referendum because I think we're all waiting to see whether the vote itself was free and fair.
INSKEEP: Soner Cagaptay, thank you very much.
CAGAPTAY: It's my pleasure.
INSKEEP: He directs Turkish Research at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and joined us by Skype.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
FILE- In this Aug. 30, 2012, file photo, a tour group walks through the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge, Mass. A report released Tuesday, Jan. 26, 2016, shows a drop in college endowment growth during the school year ending June 30, 2015, after two years of strong gains. Harvard University stayed atop the list, followed by Yale University and the University of Texas system. At nearly 300 colleges in the study, endowments shrank last year. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File) ORG XMIT: BX301
Elise Amendola, AP
With high school seniors soon heading off to college, parents are faced with the daunting task of figuring out the best way to tap the money they've saved for their kids' higher education. After all, they want to ensure they can stretch those hard-earned dollars as far as they can.
What complicates matters when parents go to pay is not only the exorbitant cost — the average sticker price for tuition, fees, and room and board at a private college this past academic year was $48,170, according to The College Board — but the fact that the savings are spread around in a variety of accounts, ranging from cash to stocks and in investments that are shielded from taxes and those that are not.
About a third (30%) of the savings is invested in 529 college savings plans, 22% is parked in savings accounts and 14% is sitting in investment accounts, according to Sallie Mae's recently released "How America Saves for College 2018."
Just like recent retirees have to come up with a strategy to begin withdrawing funds they accumulated for their Golden Years in 401(k)s and IRAs, so do parents looking to maximize college savings.
"I always tell clients, it's one thing to save for college," says Marguerite Cheng, CEO of Blue Ocean Global Wealth based in Gaithersburg, Md. "Now, you have to learn how to pay for college."
Some financial decisions, such as selling stocks in accounts that don't shelter gains from the IRS, can cause you to pay more in taxes. Others can have a negative impact on your financial aid package or reduce your eligibility for government tax credits, such as the American Opportunity Tax Credit, which maxes out at $2,500.
One thing you should not do to fund your child's higher education is to raid your own 401(k) retirement account, says Andrew Tapparo, president and founder of Tapparo Capital Management in Topsfield, Mass. "You can always get a loan for college, but nobody is giving loans for retirement."
More Money: 'Consumer Reports' reverses course, recommends Tesla Model 3 after Elon Musk improves brakes
More Money: ABC's move to ax 'Roseanne' reflects businesses are often at front lines of culture wars
More Money: Walmart to pay college costs for its U.S. workers who will have to contribute just $1 a day
Here's a guide for deciding what types of savings you should tap first to pay that big tuition bill:
College payment option plan
If you have enough cash left over in your checkbook each month, see if the college has an interest-free monthly payment plan that allows you to spread part — or all — of your tuition payments over the full school year for a small fee, Tapparo says. Cash still yields close to 0%, so you won't give up much in returns by pulling it out of your savings or checking account. If you can set aside $500 or $1,000 a month, you can whittle your college bill down by $5,000 or $10,000 each year.
529 college savings plan
Since 529 plans are filled with dollars specifically set aside for college — and the savings, gains and withdrawals have no tax consequences — this is the next bucket of money to pull from, personal finance pros say.
Most 529 plans are invested in so-called "age-based" funds, which means the portfolio gets more conservative and is heavier on cash and bonds — rather than riskier stocks — by the time your son or daughter enters college. That means the 529 won't lose a lot of value even in the event of a stock market swoon.
Don't drain your 529 savings in your child's freshman year. Instead, divvy up the money equally over four years to increase your chances of earning more on your money while it remains invested and giving you more payment flexibility in the future, advises Maria Bruno, head of U.S. wealth planning research at mutual fund firm Vanguard. Parents can also keep a higher 529 balance as the funds have a more limited impact on annual aid eligibility.
Cash
College savings sitting in a bank account are worth tapping next. Why? The national average yield on a bank savings account is a minuscule 0.09%, according to Bankrate.com. "The money isn't working for you anyway," Tapparo says. Using your cash also means you don't have to sell assets in other accounts, which gives them an opportunity to continue grow in value. Plus, there are no adverse tax consequences from using cash.
Stocks and funds in taxable accounts
Stocks or mutual funds in taxable accounts are the last assets you want to sell to raise cash for tuition. The reason: Any market gains will be subject to capital gains taxes, which will both boost your tax bill and potentially put you in a higher tax bracket. The tax hit also means less of your money can go toward paying your tuition bill.
"The key is to pay for college in the most tax-efficient manner as possible," Vanguard's Bruno says.
One more word of advice: Make sure you don't have too much money for tuition riding on stocks. If the market tanks your account balance will shrink.
"You don't want to tell your kid you lost money in the market and you can't go to college until you are 20," says Cheng, adding that parents should pare back their stock portfolio and move more money into cash as college nears.
Students head to class at Parrish Hall via Magill Walk on the campus of Swarthmore College on September 3, 2013.
Laurence Kesterson, Laurence Kesterson
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking he was doing a favour for the CEO of his company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking him to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while he was making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
BUNIA, Congo (AP) - The assailants attacked under cover of darkness, slaughtering Nguli Nzafi 's wife and three children with machetes and arrows.
The 71-year-old, who also lost all 40 of his cattle in the violence, was forced to flee on foot some 90 kilometers (56 miles) to safety in the town of Bunia.
"I have lost everything because I no longer have my wife nor my children," he says. "I cannot eat nor sleep. I'm afraid that this fighting is as bad as the war in 1996-2002."
Violence between Nzafi's Hema community and the Lendu ethnic group in Congo's northeast has now killed at least 150 people and has forced more than 32,000 people to flee to Bunia, where humanitarian assistance is strained and the suffering are eager for improved conditions.
Another 28,000 have also fled into Uganda, according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
There is a long history of tensions between the Lendu and Hema groups, whose ongoing battles since 1999 already have killed thousands and led the U.N. to deploy a peacekeeping force in the area. Much of it is rooted in economic tensions over land, as the Lendu historically have been farmers on stationery plots of land while the Hema have raised animals and moved throughout the year to good grazing areas.
Once those disputes erupted into violence, the cycle of tit-for-tat attacks caused a mounting death toll.
The instability here in Ituri province presents yet another challenge for the Congolese military and U.N. peacekeeping force who are already grappling with the threats posed by rebel groups, and with ongoing unrest in the Kasai provinces.
The latest round of fighting began in December, Djugu deputy administrator Willy Maese told The Associated Press.
"The Lendu had asked the Hema to give them part of their crops. Following their refusals, the Lendu launched attacks directly on the Hemas," he said.
Despite a reprieve when authorities came, fighting intensified in February leading to a wave of displacements, he said.
Kpadyu Londri, a 26-year-old from Djugu, said the Lendu came to steal cows and ravage fields. They killed his five brothers and a woman, he said.
He has found safety in Bunia, 75 kilometers (47 miles) from his home village, but he said conditions are bad.
"There are no tents so the rain falls on us, no beds, blankets ... we have already lost seven displaced (people), who have died as a result of starvation and dirty hands disease," he said, referring to outbreaks of cholera.
Beatrice Ngave, 23, lost her daughter to malaria. She called on international organizations to build more latrines and accommodations to prevent the spread of cholera and other diseases. Right now, she said, the camp has only two latrines.
Last week, youths in Bunia invaded the office of the governor of the Ituri province, with sticks and machetes, demanding the government to take action, said youth leader Joseph Tibasima.
Celestin Tawara Angaika, the president of the Lendu community in Bunia, last week asked the Congolese government for the protection of its members.
Congo's Deputy Prime Minister of Interior Security Henri Mova Sakanyi has promised "to strengthen the presence of the Congolese army and the police" in the Djugu and Blukwa villages.
By Bonnie Kristian
July 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – For the first time in 18 years of Gallup polling on this question, fewer than half of Americans say they are “extremely proud” of their nationality.
From a peak of 70 percent in 2003, the proportion of those who are “extremely proud to be Americans” has steadily declined, plateauing in the final years of the George W. Bush administration and most former President Obama's tenure and starting to noticeably decline in 2015.
(Gallup)
Still, most Americans continue to express some degree of pride in their country. The 47 percent who are “extremely proud” are joined by 25 percent who are “very proud” and 16 percent who are “moderately proud” for an easy proud majority of 88 percent. Just 3 percent say they are not proud at all.
This article was originally published by “The Week“ –Extreme pride in being American varies considerably along demographic lines: Republicans are more likely to be extremely proud than Democrats, men are more likely than women, white people than minorities, the old than the young, and those who have not graduated from college than those who have.
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/49772.htm
Get yourself an Adam to take all the glamour shots of you 📸 @adaripp
A post shared by Nathan Chen (@nathanwchen) on Jan 15, 2018 at 6:20pm PST
EMBED >More News Videos What the BBB wants you to know about how to hire a contractor.
Angry customers said they paid hundreds of dollars for countertops they said they never received.The countertops were meant to complete their dream kitchens, but customers said the company Take Me for Granite failed to deliver."For months we sat here and wondered when we were going to have countertops," said Barbara Gallagher.Lockport residents Barbara and Mike Gallagher said they regret trusting Take Me for Granite.The Gallaghers wrote a $3,200 check as a deposit for quartz countertops, but that was in April 2017. They were going to owe another $1,300 upon installation."We knew we were taken. That he had come into our house and scammed," Barbara said."We said, 'Ahhhhhh, we really want our money back,'" said Mike. "He gave some basic excuses and said, 'You'll get all your product,' and I said, 'Don't worry about the product, we want our money back because there is something off here and it's inappropriate, what you're doing.'"They said after waiting several months and hearing excuses, they gave up and eventually paid another company thousands of dollars more to finish their kitchen."Our whole life was disrupted. We were washing our dishes in a utility room sink. We had no faucet, no running water, no countertops," Barbara said.The Gallaghers filed a police report, a complaint with the Attorney General's office and the Better Business Bureau. A few weeks ago they received a money order from the company, but they are not cashing it in because they want a full refund.The BBB gives Take Me for Granite an "F" grade for the Gallaghers' complaint and two similar complaints."All of the complaints allege he promised them a completion date that never transpired, then there was a plethora of excuses as to why he couldn't do it. He promised to pay them back, all of them, on certain dates and that date has come and gone," said Steve Bernas of the Better Business Bureau of Northern Illinois.Michelle Simmerman said she's waiting for countertops in Waukesha, Wis."I feel completely taken advantage of. We had a dream to update this and get more money for it when we sell it, and now we have to get another contractor," she said.Her kitchen is untouched, but according to her contract she paid Take Me for Granite a $1,200 cash deposit for countertops and a sink in July."That $1,200 is like a mortgage payment to us. That's a big deal," Simmerman said.Simmerman was going to owe $300 more upon installation. She showed the ABC7 I-Team texts she said are between her and the owner of the company, in which she repeatedly asks about an installation date and eventually demands a refund."There was always an excuse," she said.The I-Team called and emailed Take Me for Granite and the owner, Mijodrag "Mickey" Ostojic, but didn't hear back. His business card doesn't have an office address, and he lives in Chicago's Old Irving Park neighborhood.He wasn't home when the I-Team visited his house, but when they called again he answered. He said he's not taking new jobs and blamed the delays on his 90-year-old mother's "health problems." He said he is trying to get a loan to pay both customers back in full, "within the next month."The Gallaghers and Simmerman said from now on they'll only use a credit card for home remodeling work, instead of cash and checks. This way they can file a dispute, if needed."I want to say to him, you need to wake up, come clean, and do what you have to do. Pay back our money," Mike Gallagher said.Both consumers said they hired the company after getting trusted recommendations. However, you may want to get multiple recommendations from other happy customers.You should also research a company online and with the Better Business Bureau, and insist on paying a contractor in thirds.
Encore: 'New Colossus' Poem Wasn't Just Tacked On To Statue Of Liberty White House adviser Stephen Miller's contention that the poem "The New Colossus" by Emma Lazarus was only added later to the Statue of Liberty minimizes the poem's connection to the statue.
Encore: 'New Colossus' Poem Wasn't Just Tacked On To Statue Of Liberty Encore: 'New Colossus' Poem Wasn't Just Tacked On To Statue Of Liberty Encore: 'New Colossus' Poem Wasn't Just Tacked On To Statue Of Liberty Audio will be available later today. White House adviser Stephen Miller's contention that the poem "The New Colossus" by Emma Lazarus was only added later to the Statue of Liberty minimizes the poem's connection to the statue. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Clubs in the Premier League are reportedly campaigning for the transfer window to be cut short.
It is claimed that in future years, teams want all transfer deals to be done before a football is kicked.
Reports claim that the issue will be discussed at a shareholders' meeting in September with a majority of clubs in favour of shortening the window, which this year closes on August 31.
The move comes amid uncertainty over the future of a number of players, including Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho, Everton's Ross Barkley and Swansea striker Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp appeared to lend his support to the idea at a press conference ahead of his side's UEFA Champions League match in Hoffenheim.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Rex Features)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Klopp said: "It would have helped us this year (if the window had shut early). It makes sense that when the season is starting, planning for the team is over."
His Swansea counterpart Paul Clement, who faces losing Sigurdsson to Everton, has also indicated that Premier League bosses broadly back the change.
"At our managers' meeting at the Premier League last week, we spoke about it," Clement said over the weekend.
(Image: Christopher Lee)
"The majority of clubs are in favour but maybe all have to be for it to go through. It could happen next year."
Southampton's Virgil van Dijk is another player whose future remains in doubt with a number of rival Premier League clubs still interested in signing him.
Officials at the Premier League were not immediately available to comment on the reports.
Forget Tough Passwords: New Guidelines Make It Simple
Enlarge this image toggle caption eclipse_images/iStockPhoto eclipse_images/iStockPhoto
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From a spoken word event to the Six Nations, there is plenty to keep you busy this weekend.
Saturday, February 3
FOOD FOR THOUGHTS
Café Rene, Gloucester 2.30pm
Food for Thoughts is a monthly night in the Café René Cellar Bar with the aim to provide a platform for poets, spoken word artists, comedians, musicians, storytellers and more.
STROUD FARMERS' MARKET
Cornhill Market Place and surrounding areas, 9am – 2pm
Stroud Farmers' Market is multi award-winning and is well known as one of the biggest, busiest and most popular farmers' market in the UK.
FUN ZONE
Matson Library and Tetbury Library, both 10am
Come in and challenge your family, your friends, or even a library staff member, to see who the best at board games is.
LIVE SIX NATIONS RUGBY
Gloucester Brewery, from 2.15pm free
This year Tank is the place to watch all the action live from the 2018 Six Nations.
Saturday 2.15pm: Wales v Scotland, 4.45pm France v Ireland, Sunday 3pm: Italy v England.
FREE YOGA
(Image: Getty)
Reset Gym, Cheltenham, 10am/11am
Sri Sri Yoga and Meditation School are running two free hour-long yoga sessions for beginners.
Sunday, February 4
SUPER BOWL L11
Café Rene, Gloucester, 12pm – 4pm
Super Bowl LII will be the 52nd Super Bowl and the 48th modern-era National Football League championship game and will be shown at Café René.
Democrat Congressman Eric Swalwell has a colored history accusing anyone who does not agree with the now 100% verified Hillary Clinton concocted fake narrative of Trump-Russia collusion of being a Putin agent.The Democrat Congressman is so unhinged when it comes to Trump and Russia that he even launched a webpage with flow charts and arrows trying to connect Trump to PutinThis time the smug and arrogant Swalwell took things way to far,Tucker was literally left speechless and had to cut of the interview out of fear of "exploding" in anger against the braindead Swalwell.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke says the quality of his current Bristol Rovers squad, which he is still looking to improve, is reflected in the fact he is having to fight off interest in his players.
Bristol Rovers have so far made five signings this transfer window, bringing in Alex Rodman, Theo Widdrington, Sam Matthews, Ed Upson and Gavin Reilly - all as free agents, with just Rory Gaffney leaving for Salford outside of those released at the end of the season.
But manager Clarke admitted he has been getting enquiries about some of his players.
He said: “I don't want to go into it too much because that is between the clubs.
“We certainly want to keep all our best players.
“I am turning down offers for our players, they are going to be wanted because I have got good players at the football club now.
"You couldn't give them away three or four years ago could you? But now we have got good players.
“Everyone has got their price, that is the reality of football. Most clubs have got their price and sometimes when players see that golden carrot at the end of it, and massive pay rises which we can't live with, it is the right time to say goodbye to players; which is unfortunate because we want to build things here and kick on.”
Clarke made no suggestion there would be an imminent player departures.
U.S. Migrants Stream Across Border Into Canada
NPR's Robert Siegel interviews Rita Chahal, executive director of the Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council, about the spike in migrants crossing the border from the U.S. into Canada.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. – A young boy's emotional video about another round of bullying he endured is going viral.
Keaton Jones, a middle school student, tearfully explained how he was bullied to his mother and asks why people bully others. She caught the moment on video:
This is Keaton Jones. He is amazing. I hope those who bullied him get what's coming to them. And soon. pic.twitter.com/qgRObI0rto — Jamie O'Grady (@JamieOGrady) December 9, 2017
One of the first to respond to the video was the Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker, who reached out to Jones and his mother on Twitter Saturday with words of encouragement and an offer of tickets to a Titans game. Walker said that he hoped to raise awareness to bullying in schools.
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
However, Walker was not the last to reach out, as Jones' story has touched many.
Avengers' star Chris Evans reached out to Jones via Twitter, inviting him and his mother to the premiere of the new Avengers' film next summer:
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Cleveland Cavaliers' players J.R. Smith and LeBron James were among some of the others to respond, with Smith saying that Jones should come out to a game when the Cavaliers play in Memphis.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
The hashtag “#StandWithKeaton” was trending for a period this weekend and has evoked thousands of responses.
Singer Katy Perry and NBA legend Bill Russell also responded with tweets, urging people to be kind to one another and spread Keaton's story:
This broke my 💔 today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton https://t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) December 10, 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Simon Cowell opened up about David Walliams's shocking behind-the-scenes demands on Britain's Got Talent.
When asked on spin-off More Talent how he would describe each of his fellow judges in one word, he revealed: "Demanding."
A shocked Alesha Dixon exclaimed "really?!" while Amanda Holden insisted that they were "low maintenance".
But Simon continued and told host Stephen Mulhern: "You've heard what we have is a rider? So when you do a renegotiation with people, people have a rider contract and each has their own demands."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Stephen nodded nervously, not sure what he was going to say.
Simon said: "David's, for instance, is (this is true) that we're not allowed to make eye contact with him when we're off camera and we have to leave a room backwards as we leave the room."
(Image: ITV)
"I have heard this," Stephen admitted.
Later, Amanda also revealed that she had "had a word" with David about his lewd comments about her on the show.
Tonight, however, David failed to relent as he continued to make a number of rude remarks.
This comes after David hinted that Simon and Amanda had romped in the past on the BGT spin-off show last night, leaving Simon furious.
Tonight on Britain's Got More Talent, host Stephen Mulhern made the judges play a game where they had to guess who said what.
The first comment had been: "I love cheese. I would really love a Stinky Bishop's Finger on a cracker."
(Image: ITV)
They all correctly guessed that Amanda had said it.
David couldn't help quip: "That's not the only place you'd really like a Bishop's Finger."
Amanda laughed but she exclaimed: "For god's sake David! I just had a conversation with you about this."
Simon continued to looked baffled by David, who continued to make lewd remarks.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After it was revealed that Alesha had tried to get into Amanda's room when she was drunk, David remarked: "And then she went in my room - kept me up all night."
Later, a comment had been that someone had got a stain on their trousers - which had turned out to be David.
David then grinned and said: "We took it to the lab and we tested it was actually Simon's."
This led Simon to roll her eyes in frustration.
Oh dear...
*Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow at 7.30pm on ITV
SFPD's texting scandal: Court rules officers can be disciplined for racist messages
Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Federal agents discovered racist, sexist and homophobic text...
San Francisco police officers who exchanged racist, sexist and homophobic text messages in 2011 and 2012 — calling African Americans “monkeys” and encouraging the killing of “half-breeds,” among other slurs — can be brought up on disciplinary charges, a state appeals court ruled Wednesday, overturning a judge's decision that police officials had waited too long.
The texts, which surfaced publicly in 2015, cast a cloud over the Police Department and prompted the district attorney's office to re-examine thousands of cases the officers had handled. Wednesday's ruling reopens the possibility that as many as nine officers, who have been on paid leave since December 2015, will lose their jobs.
“This ruling upholds police departments' ability to coordinate with federal investigators to expose dirty cops and protect the public,” City Attorney Dennis Herrera, whose office sought to reinstate the disciplinary proceedings, said in a statement.
Anthony Brass, a lawyer for one of the officers, Michael Celis, said he and attorneys representing the others weren't trying to defend their clients' messages.
“Racist texts, no one has ever defended their conduct,” Brass said. “That's not what the case is about. The case is about the Police Department's obligation to discipline officers within one year of discovering the misconduct.”
Federal agents discovered the messages in 2012 during a corruption investigation of veteran plainclothes Officer Sgt. Ian Furminger, who had exchanged thousands of texts with his fellow officers. A jury convicted Furminger in December 2014 on federal charges of taking and dividing up thousands of dollars in cash police had found while searching drug dealers and their homes.
He and Officer Edmond Robles, convicted of similar charges, were each sentenced to more than three years in prison, and a third officer, Reynaldo Vargas, who pleaded guilty and testified for the prosecution, got a one-year sentence. Robles and Vargas were implicated in the texting case.
The texts disparaged racial minorities, women and gays. One proclaimed simply, “White power,” and Furminger, according to a court filing, wrote that “cross-burning lowers blood pressure!”
The Police Department learned about the messages from federal prosecutors in December 2012 but did not disclose them publicly until March 2015, leading then-Police Chief Greg Suhr to announce that he would fire nine of the officers and take disciplinary action against others.
But Superior Court Judge Ernest Goldsmith halted the disciplinary proceedings in December 2015 and ruled that Suhr and his staff were required to begin those proceedings by December 2013, a year after finding out about the messages. Goldsmith said a state law, the Peace Officers' Bill of Rights, set a firm one-year deadline for taking actions against officers after police officials learn of their alleged misconduct.
The appeals court, however, said the one-year deadline was suspended, in this case, because of the federal criminal investigation, which ended only with the jury verdict in December 2014. Until then, the court said, federal prosecutors had directed the Police Department, which had cooperated with the investigation, to keep the records confidential.
“The text messages belonged to the federal corruption investigation” and were being combed by prosecutors for possible evidence against Furminger and his colleagues, Justice Martin Jenkins said in the 3-0 ruling.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @BobEgelko
© Carlos Barria / Reuters
China has announced a full ban on imports of coal, iron, and seafood, among other goods from North Korea, thus cutting key export revenues for Pyongyang.Starting Tuesday, no more exports of North Korean coal, iron, iron ore, lead, lead ore and seafood will be accepted to the country, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce announced on Monday. Goods that have already reached Chinese ports and customs should be released not later than September 5.However, the measures are not applied to exports of coal through North Korea's Rason port by a third party, if it has UN approval and can prove that the goods do not originate from North Korea.The restrictive measures were unanimously approved by all 15 members of the UNSC in response to North Korea's latest missile tests, which it claims were of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).China is considered North Korea's main economic lifeline, and the success of the latest round of sanctions depends to a large degree on Beijing. Following the UN vote in favor of punitive measures against Pyongyang on August 5, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi acknowledged that the UN resolution would affect the country's economic interests, but promised that China is prepared "to pay most of the price" for it.Tensions between the US - which initiated the latest UN resolution - and North Korea have been mounting recently with increasingly belligerent threats from both sides.The meeting may be a regular gathering of North Korean diplomats, according to Ministry of Unification spokesman Baik Tae-hyun, as cited by Yonhap.The meeting may have been called "to deal with the difficult international circumstance the country is currently handling," Yonhap reports.
Russia's Bolshoi Theatre Brings Anna Karenina Ballet To Modern Era The world-famous Bolshoi Theatre is a Russian icon. But a new staging of the ballet Anna Karenina takes the beloved Russian epic — and the theater — into the 21st century. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Bolshoi principal dancer Olga Smirnova.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
A Royal Australian Air Force C-130J Super Hercules loads up with bundles as Day 2 of Operation Christmas Drop is underway. The training mission takes part during the 66th Operation Christmas Drop at Anderson Air Force Base, Guam, Dec. 11, 2017. The RAAF has brought their C-130J to OCD for the third straight year and are sharing procedures and lessons learned with the aircrews from Yokota Air Base, Japan who are operating their new C-130J's here for the first time. (U.S. Air Force Video by Senior Airman Katelynn Moeller)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman killed by a self-driving Uber car as she crossed the road has been identified.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was crossing a four-lane road in the city of Phoenix, Arizona, when she was struck by the autonomous vehicle.
The robot car is still in the testing phase and had a human driver also at the wheel at the time in case of emergency.
The exact circumstances of the crash remain unclear, but Uber has suspended all testing of self-driving cars in Arizona, Pittsburgh and Toronto.
Experts claim the new technology will drastically cut down on motor vehicle fatalities in the future.
But Monday's fatal accident has sparked fresh debate about whether self-driving cars can be trusted.
"This tragic accident underscores why we need to be exceptionally cautious when testing and deploying autonomous vehicle technologies on public roads," said Democratic Senator Edward Markey, a member of the transportation committee, in a statement.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was walking her bicycle away from a designated crossing in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe about 10 pm on Sunday night when she was struck by the Uber vehicle traveling at about 40 miles per hour, police said.
The car was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel.
Herzberg later died from her injuries in a hospital.
Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front.
Volvo, the Swedish car brand owned by China's Geely, confirmed its vehicle was involved in the crash but said the software controlling the SUV was not its own.
U.S. federal safety regulators were sending teams to investigate the crash.
Canada's transportation ministry in Ontario, where Uber conducts testing, also said it was reviewing the accident.
Uber and Waymo on Friday urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States.
Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns, and Monday's fatality could hamper passage of the bill, congressional aides said Monday.
Safety advocates called for a national moratorium on all robot car testing on public roads.
"Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place," said Consumer Watchdog, a non-profit consumer advocacy group, in a statement.
(Image: REUTERS)
"That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs.
Republican Governor Doug Ducey reached out to Uber in 2016 after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits.
Self-driving cars being tested routinely get into minor accidents with other vehicles.
Last week, a self-driving Uber crashed with another vehicle in Pittsburgh, local news reported. There were no injuries.
A year ago, Uber temporarily grounded its self-driving cars for a few days following a crash with another car in Tempe.
The company has been the subject of a number of complaints about its autonomous vehicles, but the company has said the cars were being driven by a human driver at the time of the incidents.
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry.
The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement - and eventually replace - human-driven cars.
OnePlus has gained widespread popularity and immense success in just four years of its operations. The company has created a niche for itself in the market by launching flagship killer smartphones with premium features at affordable pricing. Back in 2016 and 2017, the company launched two smartphones per year but all these models are flagship devices.
Though the company has been largely focusing on the premium devices, it released a mid-range device called OnePlus X back in 2015. This smartphone featured a metal and glass design and carried an affordable pricing. Though it belonged to the mid-range market segment, the device did not fare well due to several issues.
Ever since the company took the wraps off the OnePlus 3 and 3T in 2016, there were gossips that it will introduce a mid-range smartphone. Given the many rumors regarding the presence of such a device, the company seems to have decided to put an end to these now.
OnePlus to focus only on flagships
OnePlus CEO Pete Lau has confirmed that they will stick to the current plan of releasing only flagship smartphones. He has confirmed that OnePlus is not in plans to launch a mid-range phone until 2021, claims a GizmoChina report. This means that we cannot expect to see a sequel to OnePlus X until 2021. And, the company is clear not to compete with other mid-range Chinese manufacturers.
Success strategy of OnePlus
The report says that OnePlus will focus on the flagship smartphones and is attempting to shift the remaining stock prior to the next big release. The company avoids selling old smartphones along with the latest ones as the demand for the former is not high.
Though sticking to one smartphone at a time might seem like a limitation, the overall strategy appears to work well for the manufacturer. Notably, the company is pretty successful in many markets and its latest flagship - OnePlus 6 is one of the bestselling smartphones on Amazon right now. The OnePlus 5T, which was unveiled in November 2017 was the bestselling smartphone during the first quarter of 2018 in India.
OnePlus 6 has surpassed the sales record created by the 5T. During the early access sale on Amazon on May 21, the device seemed to have been sold out in just 10 minutes. We expect the device to set new records before it gets a successor later this year.
© US Navy / Reuters
On Tuesday, Captain Danny Hernandez, a spokesman for the US European Command, said that on three separate occasions, Russian military jets came close to the USS Porter destroyer in the Black Sea on February 10.One of the incidents, the US official said, involved two supersonic Su-24 attack jets. The second one also involved a separate Su-24, while the third flyby was apparently made by an IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft.US Defense Department spokesperson Michelle Baldanza said the incidents were deemed "unsafe and unprofessional," pointing out that the Russian aircraft did not have their transponders on."Several incidents by multiple Russian aircraft in the Black Sea near the destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) on Feb. 10 were assessed by the ship's commanding officer as unsafe and unprofessional," Baldanza told Sputnik on Tuesday. "Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation."The Russian Ministry of Defense, on Tuesday, denied the US accusations. "There were no incidents related to a flyby of Russian military aircraft near the USS Porter destroyer in the Black Sea on February 10," Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement."All of our flights were conducted and are being conducted over the neutral waters of the Black Sea in accordance with international rules and safety requirements," the general added.Konashenkov was surprised to hear the US military were astonished to see Russian fighters so close to Russian borders.said the representative of the Ministry of Defense.The drills in the vicinity of Constanta, Romania, took place February 1-10.Some 2,800 seamen from Bulgaria, Canada, Greece, Romania, Spain, Turkey, Ukraine and the US practiced methods of defending against undersea, air and overland attacks. Overall 16 warships, one submarine, and ten aircraft took part in the drills.The Black Sea drills are just a latest in a series of actions NATO has taken close to Russia's borders. On January 31, US and Polish soldiers, alongside newly delivered American military hardware, also conducted joint drills in what has been described as the biggest US deployment in Europe since the end of the Cold War.Moscow has repeatedly voiced concerns over NATO's military activity on its borders."These actions threaten our interests, our security," Dmitry Peskov, spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said earlier this month. "Especially as it concerns a third party building up its military presence near our borders."In response, Russia stationed its most modern weaponry and armaments in its western regions, including the exclave of Kaliningrad, which shares a border with Poland and Lithuania, and is carrying out large-scale military drills on home soil, including the Black Sea.Friday's alleged incidents are not the first time the US have accused Moscow of flying its warplanes "dangerously" close to US warships patrolling Russian borders.On April 11, 2016, the USS Donald Cook encountered multiple Russian Su-24 warplanes in the Baltic Sea. Judging by the videos released by the US Navy at the time,
Lau is correct to note that green energy sources are more expensive than fossil-fuel based ones right now and that investing in them is therefore contrary to market logic. However, his argument strangely omits one important detail. The whole point of the strategy is to correct what the British economist Nicholas Stern has called the greatest market failure in the history of capitalism. He is talking about climate change.
What we need urgently to do now is to reverse the pricing order between fossil fuels and green energy sources, but the market alone has proven incapable of accomplishing this. So, good energy policy must be aimed at both pricing carbon out of the market (the point of the tax) and pulling green technologies into it (the point of the investments).
There are plenty of things to criticize in the energy policies of Wynne and Notley, but diverting carbon revenues into green energy research and development is not one of them.
Musicians visiting Austin are often asked to play in some pretty unusual places. Like, for instance, the unfinished hallway of a KUTX staff member's East Austin home. But for Brent Cowles, the spartan setting provided the perfect opportunity to strip his 2017 single "Cold Times" down to the bare essentials and let his powerful vocals take center stage.
Iconic Weatherford building is demolished
The Parker County Courthouse Square was stirring in May 2016 as folks came to bid farewell to a historic structure known at various times as the Eddleman Building, Sturgess Dress Shop, the Bowden Building and the Bradford Building.
A Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) air hostess has allegedly been charged with shoplifting in Toronto, Canada.
According to media reports, Maria Akhund landed in Toronto from Lahore via PIA flight PK797.
The department store management caught Akhund stealing in CCTV footage of the store.
The footage was handed over to police who interrogated the air hostess and the flight captain.
While talking to local media, PIA spokesperson Danyal Gilani said, “Investigations are underway, and strict action will be taken against the air hostess if found guilty.”
The suspect is expected to return back to Pakistan today.
In August last year, the Anti-Narcotics Force (ANF) claimed to have arrested a senior PIA air hostess from Lahore's Allama Iqbal International Airport in connection with an attempt to smuggle gold to the United States (US).
A case was registered against Nuzhat Bukhari, a senior air hostess of the national flag carrier, after two kilogrammes of gold were recovered from her luggage during a routine search at the airport.
The suspect reportedly confessed that she was trying to smuggle gold from Lahore to New York via PIA flight PK-721. The woman was later handed over to Customs officials for further investigation.
Trump's Approval Sinks to a New Low
The Gallup tracking poll shows President Trump's approval rate at 34%, a new low, and his disapproval rate at 61%, a new high.
For members: An Ugly Gallup Milestone for Trump
GALLUP, N.M. (AP) — A U.S. agency responsible for providing medical services to Native Americans has awarded a western New Mexico city $1.5 million for its detox center.
The Indian Health Service announced this week that the city of Gallup will receive the five-year grant to "increase access to social detoxification" and help patients with alcohol abuse.
The Gallup detox center near the Navajo Nation received last year an annual operating budget for the first time in nearly four years.
City officials approved an annual budget of more than $1 million to Na'nizhoozhi Center Inc. Detox, freeing detox staff from having to spend time fundraising.
The Indian Health Service also awarded the Oglala Sioux Tribe in South Dakota $500,000 for its detox center.
A student walks across the campus of Columbia College in this file photo. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
A 23-year-old woman, who assaulted two social workers in a car, has escaped returning to prison.
Julie-Anne Fenton of Woodview Crescent in Trillick appeared at Enniskillen Magistrates Court on Monday in relation to the incident on July 29th last.
The prosecutor outlined that on the date in question, a male and female social worker had been transporting Fenton, who has mental health issues, from Enniskillen to Derry. On the journey, Fenton became agitated and slapped the female in the head before pulling her hair. She then punched the man in the arm before running out of the car in the direction of public toilets where she caused £250 of damage to a soap dispenser and wooden door, belonging to Fermanagh and Omagh District Council.
Fenton was charged with two counts of assault and criminal damage but the court heard that a police interview had to be suspended as she continuously coughed and laughed throughout.
Defence solicitor Michael Fahy pointed out that his client had previously spent time at Hydebank Prison for other offences but stated that this was not the correct place for his client who requires specialist care to deal with her needs that is unavailable in this jurisdiction.
“She falls between two stools,” he said. Mr Fahy added that he had no doubt the experience was “very frightening” for the two injured parties, adding that it could have been much worse had there been a collision or more serious consequences.
Mr Fahy said that previous care packages had been withdrawn from Fenton due to the risk of violent behaviour towards staff. He added that social workers were willing to engage with the defendant again provided there was no further violence inflicted by Fenton.
Addressing Fenton, Deputy District Judge John Rea said: “This assault was inflicted on two social workers who were trying to help you but you repaid that generosity by assaulting them. It was lucky that no-one was seriously injured or that no accident occurred.”
The judge imposed a three month prison sentence, suspended for two years. Fenton was also ordered to pay £50 compensation to the council in lieu of the damage to the toilet.
BOSTON — This is where the Toronto Maple Leafs try to change the ending.
After beating the Bruins in back-to-back elimination games to force their first-round playoff series to the limit — just like they did in 2013 — the Maple Leafs are hoping to finish the job on Wednesday in Game 7 in Boston.
That's something they couldn't do five years ago, when they became the first team in NHL history to blow a three-goal, third-period deficit and lose a Stanley Cup playoff game.
"We've got some more work to do," said goalie Frederik Andersen, who stopped 32 of 33 shots in Game 6 on Monday to help Toronto win 3-1 and prolong its season.
"It's the same kind of pressure we've felt these last two games, where we've been facing elimination," he said. "Game 7 should be the same. It's something that you all dream of — those big moments — and you also want to perform."
So do the Bruins, who have struggled to put away Toronto for the second consecutive time. In '13, the Maple Leafs won two straight and then opened a 4-1 lead in the third period of Game 7, but Boston scored a pair of goals 31 seconds apart in the final 2 minutes of regulation before winning in overtime.
Patrice Bergeron, who scored the game-winner, is one of seven Bruins remaining from that team, compared with four players wearing Toronto jerseys.
"It's nice to have those guys," said Boston forward David Pastrnak, who had four goals and five assists in the first two games of the series this year but only two assists since. "They've been here a bunch, so they know what to expect. It's good for our young guys to have them around."
The winner of Wednesday night's game will play Tampa Bay, which eliminated New Jersey in five games. The Lightning will host the first two games, regardless of which opponent advances.
"I don't think there's any panic at all in this group," Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said.
With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation Celebrating the Fourth of July is a serious predicament for some when it falls on a Wednesday. It's hard to enjoy barbecues and fireworks when you have to be at work at 9 the next morning.
With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation Audio will be available later today. Celebrating the Fourth of July is a serious predicament for some when it falls on a Wednesday. It's hard to enjoy barbecues and fireworks when you have to be at work at 9 the next morning. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
It is the saga which keeps escalating, and now a tech-savvy joker has changed the name of Bristol's newest bridge to Bridgey McBridgeFace on Google.
The multi-million pound structure which links Redcliffe to Castle Park was unveiled two weeks ago.
Officially called Castle Bridge, the crossing has become a lightning rod for pranksters.
The words Bridgey McBridgeFace – a pun on the unsuccessful poll to name a new Antarctic research ship Boaty McBoatFace – appeared on the wooden walkway of the £2.7million crossing on Wednesday.
And one internet prankster has taken the rather stale joke a step further by contacting Google to officially change the name of the bridge on its maps site.
Alongside the graffiti, the bridge has been victim to a suspected “love lock” which was left with the obscene quote, “ass to mouth is the most beautiful”, on one side, with a crude image of male genitalia on the reverse.
Some suggested it might indicate the start of a “love locking” craze on the bridge, whereby lovers seeks to leave a token on their relationships through fastening padlocks on to various structures – however, no further locks have been detected.
It is unclear why the bridge has become the target of pranksters or graffiti artists.
When opened a group of housing protesters stormed Castle Bridge during its official launch party on April 6.
The protest was part of a wider campaign aimed at reducing Bristol's homelessness crisis and to lobby developers in to setting aside greater provision for affordable and social homes in the former ambulance station site next to Finzels Reach.
The Finzels Reach development includes 437 apartments, of which 55 dedicated to social housing.
Developers Cubex have said that the number of apartments set aside for social housing was negotiated by the previous developers and Bristol City Council.
The Bristol Post has contacted Cubex for a comment on the Google Maps name change.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of the Marvel franchise will soon be able to see the next instalment in the Avengers series when it hits the big screen this month.
Directed by Joe and Anthony Russo, Avengers: Infinity War will officially hit the big screen in the UK on April 27, 2018. The action film stars a roll call of Marvel's best-loved superheros - Black Panther, Iron Man, Captain America, Spider-Man - the list goes on.
But what would make a fun cinema trip even sweeter? A freebie trip to the cinema, and thanks to cashback website Quidco any new members will be able to claim free vouchers to cover the cost of two tickets .
(Image: Disney)
It couldn't be simpler to get them. All film fans need to do is sign up as a new Quidco member , spend £15 or more at any retailer via the cashback site by April 30.
Quidco will then process the transaction and email free cinema vouchers, which can be redeemed at 120 locations across the UK, to eligible members within two weeks of the date of their original transaction.
How do cashback sites work? Instead of shopping directly through a store online, you access the retailer through a cashback website who will then get paid (by the brand) for 'referring' you to them.
Your transaction will continue as normal and your item will still arrive directly from the retailer, but the cashback website will pay you a cut of this payment as a reward for using its services, and as an incentive to encourage you to return.
This amount can be anything from 1% to £100 of your total spend - and you can use voucher codes to boost your saving that little bit further.
Your cashback will be sent back to you through your cashback account around 7-10 working days later.
However, with more complex services like travel and financial products, this period can be extended to six months.
Avengers: Infinity War picks up the story from the beginning of the end for the Marvel Universe's main arc, as depicted in the 2012.
(Image: Handout)
The latest film sees the huge ensemble cast join forces to defeat the mad titan Thanos (Josh Brolin) who attempts to claim all the powerful and precious Infinity Stones.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers fans are in buoyant mood after the club announced their third signing in under 24 hours.
Striker Gavin Reilly signed on at the Gas a day after Theo Widdrington and Alex Rodman were announced as Rovers players as Darrell Clarke's plans for the new season continue to take shape.
Fans reacted with delight as the Gas snapped up a striker.
Those who follow him on Twitter know that horror author Stephen King has been a rather tough and consistent critic of Donald Trump and the GOP.But on Thursday that iconic IT author posted a tweet that he ended up walking back.First, King fired off a snark tweet about the West Virginia accident where a train carrying dozens of members of Congress, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, hit a truck on the way to a Republican retreat:But then readers told him the accident was fatal to the truck driver. So then he came back with this:And then, upon further reflection, just went ahead and apologized:Adding to the confusion: The driver was actually misreported as having died. According to CNN , the driver was seriously injured but is still alive."Today's incident was a terrible tragedy," Ryan tweeted. "We are grateful for the first responders who rushed to the scene and we pray for the victims and their families. May they all be in our thoughts right now."King later retweeted a call for a GoFundMe for the victim:King himself was involved in a rather devastating accident in 1999 when a driver of a van struck the author as he was walking down a road. The author required extensive physical therapy to recover from the event.
While Monaco has surged to the forefront of European football this season, Europe's biggest clubs have started making a beeline for the club's players.
The principality club's exhilarating blend of youthful attacking football and resilience has alerted the big guns around to a potential gold mine of talent on the Côte d'Azur.
Kylian Mbappe, the pacy 18-year-old winger or striker likened to Thierry Henry, could just be the pick of the bunch.
Those comparisons with his illustrious fellow Frenchman seemed far from misplaced as Mbappe tore into Manchester City in both legs of a pulsating Champions League tie in February and March and stunned Borussia Dortmund last week.
Mbappe scored at home and away against City and twice in the first leg of Monaco's quarter-final against Dortmund. His blistering form has seen him strike 13 times in his last 12 appearances and 19 overall this seasons.
His performances are just one of a number of factors in Monaco's stunning rise to the top of Ligue 1 and potential progress to the Champions League last four.
The squad has quality throughout with Benjamin Mendy, Fabinho and Bernardo Silva among those tipped for big-money moves elsewhere if overtures come from more glamorous clubs in the summer.
But Mbappe could certainly command a huge fee after bursting onto the scene in sensational fashion.
He looks at home on the big stage. His displays against City and Dortmund were confident and destructive and there could be more to come as Monaco now eye silverware.
City, their rivals Manchester United, Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid, and Serie A outfit Inter Milan have all been linked with figures as high as Â£85million mentioned.
Romantics will want to see Monaco's exciting squad grow and develop in the years to come but realists will expect the money and grand arenas of the game to talk. Those big clubs will be watching on Wednesday as Mbappe comes up against Dortmund once again.
Another fine showing would enhance yet further the reputation of a youngster who could become one of this summer's most sought-after players.
Lawmakers Across The Country Push For Trump's Tax Returns
From the New York City Council to the California Senate, lawmakers are crafting bills aimed at forcing the release of President Trump's taxes. Whether they can survive a court challenge isn't clear.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Tomorrow is tax day, and many Democrats are fixated on one person's tax returns - President Trump's. Trump has made clear that he does not plan to release his returns, so dozens of lawmakers at the state and local level have introduced bills aimed at forcing him to do it anyway. NPR's Joel Rose reports.
JOEL ROSE, BYLINE: Even the New York City Council has a plan to make President Trump release his tax returns.
COREY JOHNSON: You're making money off the city. The city should know how you're making your money.
ROSE: Corey Johnson represents parts of Manhattan. He's planning to introduce a bill that would require anyone who signs a concession contract with the city and then puts their own name on the business to disclose their personal income taxes. That describes exactly one business in New York City, Trump's golf course in the Bronx.
JOHNSON: Right now Donald Trump's the only person that this would affect.
ROSE: Trump is the first president in 40 years not to release any of his tax returns during the campaign. Now lawmakers in dozens of states have introduced bills that would force him to do so. Several of these bills go by the name Tax Returns Uniformly Made Public, or TRUMP Act. Democratic Representative Kathleen Clyde introduced a version in Ohio.
KATHLEEN CLYDE: It's a pretty uphill battle, but I'll continue to fight it because I think that most Ohioans and most Americans support that information being made public.
ROSE: Nearly three quarters of Americans, according to one poll. But Clyde's bill was pretty much dead on arrival in Ohio's Republican-dominated legislature. Similar bills stand a better chance in state capitols that are controlled by Democrats. California State Senator Mark McGuire (ph) introduced a bill that would require presidential candidates to release their tax returns in order to appear on the ballot in 2020.
MIKE MCGUIRE: Income tax returns provide voters with essential information regarding potential conflicts of interest.
ROSE: But even if these bills can survive the political obstacles, it's not clear how they would hold up in court.
VIKRAM AMAR: It's hard to predict because the Supreme Court hasn't really weighed in that often on what states can do to regulate presidential elections.
ROSE: Vikram Amar is dean of the University of Illinois College of Law. What is clear, he says, is that the Constitution prohibits laws that single out a person or group for punishment.
AMAR: You shouldn't have a rule for Trump only. You know, the Republic is going to be around a lot longer than any one president, and we ought to keep that in mind.
ROSE: Trump said during the campaign that he wouldn't release his tax returns because they're under audit. As president, his federal returns are audited automatically by law. Although that hasn't stopped past presidents from releasing theirs. One tax scholar thinks there might be an easier way to find out more about Trump's finances through his state tax returns.
DANIEL HEMEL: Those returns don't show everything that appears on his federal returns, but they show a lot of the same information.
ROSE: Daniel Hemel teaches law at the University of Chicago. He says New York could change its law to release the state tax returns of a sitting president.
HEMEL: So we'll be able to see what he reports as income, whether he's as rich as he claims to be, whether he's as charitable as he claims to be. And most importantly, we'll see what he's paying the state of New York.
ROSE: That would tell us how any tax reform plan the White House proposes might affect the taxpayer in chief. Joel Rose, NPR News, New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF HINT SONG, "COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Tom Petty's cause of death has been "deferred".
The 66-year-old music legend passed away last week after being rushed to hospital following a cardiac arrest but after the autopsy was completed, "it was clear further tests needed to be done," according to The Blast.
One day after his cardiac arrest, Petty's agent Tony Dimitriades revealed he passed away when his family agreed to switch off his life support after learning he had no brain activity.
Petty was surrounded by his friends, family and his bandmates at UCLA hospital in Santa Monica, California, when he died.
Tributes from fellow musicians and fans poured in after they learnt that the 'American Girl' hitmaker was fighting for life in hospital and among them was Kings of Leon rocker Nathan Followill, who said he'd struggle to perform after hearing the news.
He wrote: "Tom Petty was one of the biggest inspirations for me as a musician. This one will hurt for a long time. Truly one of the sweetest people on earth. Rest In Peace brother. It's going to be hard to take the stage tonight with such a heavy heart. Luckily music is what I use to get through tough times like these. Love one another."
Petty shot into the limelight in 1976 when he and his band the Heartbreakers dropped hits 'Don't Do Me Like That' and 'Here Comes My Girl'.
He also spent time in the supergroup The Traveling Wilburys - comprised also of Bob Dylan, Roy Orbison, George Harrison and Jeff Lynne - in the 1980s.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol is a city filled with the weird and wonderful. It gets to a point where Bristolians barely bat an eyelid when you see an exotic animal out for a walk on a lead, or an impromptu party break out in a kebab shop – it's all part of living in a city full on eccentric and interesting people.
And over the past few weeks, there have been plenty of bizarre happenings across the city, which could only ever happen in Bristol.
Here are just a few of them…
1. This man who has spent 13 years correcting grammar
2. The big news stories of the day making the front page
3. This level of preparation for any eventuality
4. Seeing this while out for your morning stroll
5. Invitations to parties like this
6. Having to witness this horrific brutality while waiting for your train
7. This constant trick of gravity
8. This level of dedication to the environment
9. Someone recognises these stunning works of art
10. This attempt at freshening up the city
11. This amazing reaction to the election news
12. This unusual reason to host an impromptu street party
13. This helpful translation
14. Sharing a bus with these unlikely passengers
Pictures have been flooding into the St. Lucia Times news desk showing a halo around the sun.These pictures started coming in from about 11:00 am today. Go ahead...take a look outside if it's still light.The Saint Lucia Meteorological Services has said that a halo which is currently visible around the sun, is not an unusual occurrence.Meteorologist Thomas Auguste told the Times that the phenomenon is associated with high tide Cirrostratus clouds."As long as those types of clouds are around you will continue to see the halo," Auguste said.He explained that the situation should persist for the next 24 hours with the halo being visible during the day but not in the night. According to Auguste, the halo is visible because of the sun being reflected through the high clouds.Also known as a 22 degree halo or a sun halo, the ring is caused by sunlight passing through ice crystals in cirrus clouds within the Earth's atmosphere, the University of Illinois' Weather World Project 2010 explains.The sun halo is not limited to a certain season and can happen anytime, anywhere, depending on the viewer's vantage point and the sun's position.
He denounced the use of terrorism by anyone for any aim and said that he now accepts that Parmar was behind the Air India attack.
He said he does not personally believe Parmar should be idolized in Sikh houses of worship. But he also said he would not boycott those that take a different position.
And on the fundamental question about the use of violence to effect political change in the Punjab, he said this: "I fall on the position that it is complex, that it is a complex situation that can't be answered in a simplistic manner."
Singh's wording is clumsy, but he is essentially correct. The question is complex. Sometimes violence is justified. The American colonists thought so when they rebelled violently against England in 1776.
Many would argue that the violence of the American Civil War was necessary to end slavery in the U.S.
A young Nelson Mandela embraced armed struggle as the way to fight apartheid in South Africa and changed his strategy later when a peaceful road to the same end emerged.
Is violence necessary to solve the grievances of Sikhs in India? Singh won't say.
The NDP leader's approach is a subtle one that could help him navigate the difficult waters of Sikh politics in Canada.
However, the nuances may be lost on those in the wider community.
Singh has some interesting policy positions. During the NDP leadership race, he promised to axe Old Age Security and use the money to fund an expanded means-tested seniors' benefit. He has also promised universal pharmacare.
But I suspect most Canadians, if they think about him at all, know only three things about Singh.
First, he dresses well.
Second, he's getting married.
Third, he can't be pinned down on this violence thing.
Thomas Walkom appears in Torstar newspapers.
Thomas Walkom appears in Torstar newspapers.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has decided not to launch a threatened missile attack on Guam, Pyongyang's state media reported, but warned that he could change his mind “if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions,” the Wall Street Journal reports.
Mr. Kim added that the planned launch could still be carried out at any moment, and said that such a strike would be a “most delightful historic moment” that would “wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks.”
Last night, I reported that, from what I'm hearing, Senate leadership is pushing to confirm Chai Feldblum as EEOC Commissioner this week. Feldblum, as we have discussed, is a left-wing radical who, among other things, formulated President Obama's LBGT agenda. She thinks it's fine if that agenda tramples religious freedom, as it often does.
Sen. Mike Lee placed a hold on Feldblum's nomination. However, the plan is to get Lee's consent by packaging Feldblum with the Trump nominee for EEOC General Counsel. Feldblum is already packaged with two Trump nominees for Commissioner.
In my view, this deal isn't good enough to justify granting Feldblum another term.
Regardless, it looks like the plan to confirm Feldblum is moving forward. I'm told that tomorrow, the nominee for General Counsel, Sharon Fast Gustafson, will be voted out of committee. This will set the stage for the Senate to confirm the McConnell-Schumer package unless Sen. Lee hangs tough or another GOP Senator intervenes.
Keep in mind, that Trump nominees for key positions throughout the administration have been languishing for about a year. By contrast, the Feldblum package, minus the General Counsel, was put together in late 2017. It would have sailed through then and there had not social conservatives rallied and Sen. Lee acted.
It astonishes me that while all those other nominees, most of whom are conservative stalwarts, must cool their heels, unable to steer policy in the positions the president selected them for, GOP leadership is poised to confirm Chai Feldblum.
Tomorrow morning, I will be on the radio with the excellent Sandy Rios of American Family Radio. I'm scheduled for 8:40 a.m. Eastern time. We'll be discussing Feldblum's nomination and related matters.
Sebastian Faena
While it's easy to ignore the huge impact that consumer choices have on the world, the findings from a new study published this week offers alarming insight into how mass-produced plastic is effecting our shared environment. Conducted by Science Advances , the report is the most exhaustive study on plastic to date: It analyzes how much has been made, the effects of different types, and what happens to it after it's no longer of use. Here, we break down seven of the study's most shocking findings that will have you rethinking your approach to plastic.Counting from the 1950s through to 2017, 8.3 billion metric tons of plastic has been produced. Around half of that total number has been manufactured since 2004.If plastic production continues at its current rate, roughly 12 billion metric tons will be in landfills or the natural environment by the year 2050.Five million to 13 million metric tons of plastic enter the world's oceans every year. Additional findings from the study indicate that this waste is now also contaminating rivers and streams, seeping into the land that we live on and that animals (many of which are slaughtered for food or used for dairy purposes) graze.In 2015, one-use packaging made up 54% of non-fiber plastic thrown away.Since the ‘50s, the majority of plastic produced (around 6.30 billion metric tons) has been discarded. Approximately 12% of has been burned, 9% has been recycled, and 79% is in landfills or spread throughout the environment.Europe leads the way when it comes to recycling, but it's still not great: 30% of non-fiber plastic is recycled on the continent in comparison to just 9% in the United States. In China, 25% is recycled.While recycling plastic is better than throwing it in the trash, it is not the answer to reducing the world's plastic pollution. The study's conclusion warns that the only way to make an impactful difference is to slow plastic production immediately and dramatically.
Encore: For 'God Bless America,' A Long Gestation And Venomous Backlash Robert Siegel talks to Sheryl Kaskowitz about her book about the song "God Bless America" Kaskowitz shows how the early popularity of the Irving Berlin song, which debuted in 1938, reflected pre-war anxiety and sparked a surprising anti-Semitic and xenophobic backlash.
Encore: For 'God Bless America,' A Long Gestation And Venomous Backlash Encore: For 'God Bless America,' A Long Gestation And Venomous Backlash Encore: For 'God Bless America,' A Long Gestation And Venomous Backlash Audio will be available later today. Robert Siegel talks to Sheryl Kaskowitz about her book about the song "God Bless America" Kaskowitz shows how the early popularity of the Irving Berlin song, which debuted in 1938, reflected pre-war anxiety and sparked a surprising anti-Semitic and xenophobic backlash. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
The way energy companies are issuing debt, it feels like spring is in the air—the spring of 2014.
Back then, the industry was riding high on $100-a-barrel oil, and companies were selling mountains of debt to fund ambitious growth strategies. It was a time when “almost anybody could bring an energy deal, and almost everybody tried,” said Scott Roberts, head of high-yield investments at Invesco Ltd. in Atlanta.
Then oil prices plunged, along with the fortunes of many borrowers. Crude hasn't approached $100 since, but it has stabilized around $50, and that has energy companies returning to credit markets at the fastest pace in three years. This time, companies like Transocean Ltd. are looking to refinance more than to expand. And they're finding pent-up investor demand that's bolstering prices and giving issuers incentive to come forward, Roberts said.
“Fifty-dollar oil seems to be this psychological barrier where people don't want to get left behind,” said Roberts, who oversees $5.5 billion in assets, including about $750 million in energy. “The bankers are calling any company that they can that has a need to refinance right now, when the market is strong and covenant protections are weakening.”
High-yield U.S. energy debt supply neared $7 billion in September and accounted for 31% of total issuance, the most in any month this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show. In investment grade, energy was the most robust non-financial sector last month, bringing in $15.2 billion on 19 deals.
Momentum Builds
The momentum has carried over into October, which has already priced $5.5 billion of high-yield energy debt—the most for that entire month since 2012. Transocean sold $750 million of bonds Wednesday to pay down debt and was said to have received orders of as much as $2.4 billion. That followed an offering from Energy Transfer Equity, which boosted its deal to $1 billion from $750 million. Gulfport Energy Corp. joined the mix on Thursday, with a $450 million bond sale to repay outstanding borrowings. This all follows a week when energy accounted for a third of high-yield issuance.
The market has returned to life as energy-sector bankruptcies have fallen sharply, the latest sign of stabilization. Through July this year, 14 North American oil and gas producers had sought bankruptcy protection, representing about $5.1 billion in debt, according to a report from Dallas-based law firm Haynes & Boone. That compares with 55 companies in the same period last year.
And with U.S. oil and gas companies facing $71 billion of debt maturing in 2019, according to S&P Global Ratings, the timing of the revival couldn't be better.
The rally in energy, which makes up about 14% of high-yield issuance, has helped boost the broader index, where yield-starved investors have welcomed offerings from even the junkiest of issuers. Amid their enthusiasm, the extra interest that speculative-grade bonds offer over risk-free Treasuries has dropped to a three-year low.
Oil prices briefly dipped below $50 a barrel for the first time in two weeks Wednesday as U.S. total crude surged and exports rose to a record high, reigniting fears of a global supply glut. Prices rebounded Thursday as Saudi Arabia and Russia, the world's biggest oil exporters, signaled continued cooperation on efforts to distill such concerns.
To be sure, energy investors are more discerning than in 2014. The focus now is on business discipline and holding companies accountable on profitability, said Jim Brilliant, chief investment officer at Century Management Investment Advisors.
“There's a growing confidence, but there's still a fair amount of skepticism in the market on whether or not this is truly a sustainable move in oil,” said Brilliant, who has about 10% of his $67 million fund in energy. “There's a big push now by not only lenders, but by investors to live within cash flows.”
While debt markets have proven receptive so far, the good times may not roll on if OPEC fails to keep a lid on production or if crude inventories don't return to previous lower levels, S&P analyst Paul Harvey said in a report Tuesday. That may prompt banks to tighten up on energy, pushing some high-yield issuers into bankruptcy, he said.
“Lenders are tiring of supporting negative cash flows, particularly because of the relatively flat commodity prices,” said Harvey. “If this weariness leads lenders to stem their support by requiring more restrictive covenants or indentures that would limit negative cash flow, it would be a rude awakening for an industry that has typically put growth before positive cash flow.”
Bloomberg News
8:17 p.m.
Brazil midfielder Paulinho has practiced separately from the group but is expected to be available for Friday's quarterfinal against Belgium.
The federation said Wednesday Paulinho needed an extra recovery day following Brazil's round-of-16 win over Mexico on Monday.
All other players participated in the training session in Sochi, including Marcelo, who didn't play against Mexico because of a back spasm. Filipe Luis substituted Marcelo in the team's 2-0 win.
Defensive midfielder Casemiro is suspended and is expected to be replaced by Fernandinho.
Attacking midfielder Willian praised Belgium players for their talent and experience and said it will "another tough opponent for us."
___
7:22 p.m.
The World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award says Neymar must help Brazil lift the World Cup next week if he wants to be called the world's best player.
German great Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday that Neymar could stand to cut down on his theatrics, too. Some opposing coaches and fans have called out Neymar for writhing and rolling around after minor fouls. Cleaning that up could help win over voters when voting for the FIFA player of the year award begins later this month, Matthaeus said.
Fellow Brazilian Ronaldo, a three-time winner of the award, dismissed those complaints and said Neymar could win the award even coming off a club season that was curtailed by injury.
Ronaldo and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
___
6:55 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as he prepares for his second-round match at Wimbledon. And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. His coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to his Twitter account showing him and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing his nation's soccer jersey .
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell him it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan his country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If he beats Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping his third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended his funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
By The Associated Press
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A few weeks ago it was announced that Eddie Nolan's contract was to be extended after he surpassed the 30-game mark which activated a clause in his deal.
But David Artell had already informed the player he would get an extension regardless – it turns out Nolan had been playing through the pain barrier and there were worries he could have been injured for some time.
From a fans' point of view it is refreshing to hear that a more experienced professional is keen to remain with the football club and continue his career with us.
As a club, we often seem to be a revolving door for more experienced players.
They stay for a year or so and rarely are their contracts extended.
In the modern era where young players, some at our club, are keen to move on even before they are ready – and end up benched or eventually released by their new club – it is imperative we have the experience and know-how of the likes of Nolan – not just for his presence on the pitch, but also to offer career advice to young, talented players.
For once, despite a poor season overall, we do have a good mix of youth and experience.
Added to Nolan's vocal assistance on the pitch, something I haven't heard him credited for despite the fact I can hear him up in the gods most games, his commitment is commendable.
He has played through injury and his consistent performances have made a player initially signed as back-up to become the first name on the team sheet, certainly in defence.
At League One and League Two level it is important to build a strong core of players who have the qualities needed to win a promotion.
And off the pitch it is also vital to have players who know the club, can gauge supporters' opinions, and actually want to be here!
At this point of Eddie's career, I think its fair to say its unlikely he will be signing for the likes of Manchester City or Chelsea any time soon.
So hopefully he has found a footballing home where next season we will be in a much healthier position.
I'm genuinely delighted a player, who has had a fair amount of clubs, seems to have found a home.
Here's hoping there is a strong finish to this season, and a positive 2018-19, for the player fondly referred to as Steady Eddie.
AggregateIQ says it helps customers craft messages for online political ads, use data for campaigns
The co-founders of a B.C. company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
He says the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the “Leave” side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
READ MORE: B.C., federal privacy watchdogs to probe possible privacy breaches at Aggregate IQ, Facebook
READ MORE: Victoria firm tied to Facebook scandal got $100K from feds in 2017
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In his testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. He also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
“We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type,” he told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
“We're not psychologists, we're tech guys.”
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, he added.
“The ads that we show — it's the digital equivalent of an ad on someone's lawn or on a street corner,” he said.
“You choose where you want it go, you put your message on there and people drive by and see it. And it's the same for the internet and same with going door to door and the same with making phone calls.”
Facebook estimates the personal information of 622,161 users in Canada — and nearly 87 million worldwide — was improperly accessed by Cambridge Analytica.
The Canadian Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
(KPLR) - The Paid For It Team tackles the problem of people in cold homes because they have no heat. In many cases taxpayers are paying for them to stay in those homes.
We focused on one family in University City where the mother is disabled.
The St. Louis County Housing Authority moved her into a home in the summer. But when winter came, she turned on the furnace and the heat didn't work. She and her three small children spent the entire winter with no heat despite their pleas for help to the landlord and the Housing Authority.
She says it's her fourth move in two years caused by bad conditions at a home the Housing Authority moved her into.
Now the Housing Authority is finally going to move her to someplace new.
We also helped another family whose gas was turned off.
They're not on government assistance. They have three small kids. Between the wife and husband, they work three low paying jobs and don't make enough to make ends meet. The family uses space heaters to stay warm which is something fire officials frown on because of the danger of a fire.
Ameren sent the family a disconnection notice to turn off their electric.
Their situation was too desperate for us to ignore.
We got involved and alerted Heat-Up St. Louis that rode to the rescue. It worked with various agencies to get their gas turned back on and keep their electric from being turned off.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kirsty Gallacher was left devastated when she was arrested for drink-driving yesterday morning while travelling to pick up her two children.
The former Strictly star, 41, was stopped by police in Eton, Berkshire, on her way to ex-husband's home to collect their sons.
She was detained by police after reportedly failing a breathalyzer test at around 11.30am and was kept in custody for hours without her family knowing what was happening.
A source told The Sun : "Kirsty is incredibly upset. She spent several in police custody, which was a horrible experience.
"Her friends and family weren't able to talk to her, so they had no idea exactly what had happened, though they had learned why she was arrested."
The unnamed source added: "She is now back at home but is still recovering from the shock. And she is, of course, very worried about what the consequences of this might be."
Kirsty was released on bail and is due to appear at Slough Magistrates' Court on 4 September.
(Image: David Cannon Collection)
Thames Valley Police said: "Kirsty Gallacher, aged 41, was charged last night with one count of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit."
Prior to her arrest Kirsty shared a picture at the pub with friends to her Instagram account, although she didn't have a glass in hand.
The model previously dated rugby player Danny Cipriani , who reportedly ended their six month relationship because of the 12-year age gap.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Handout)
Following the split in 2016 Kirsty told OK! magazine: "As a woman, you kind of come into your own in your late thirties and forties. You know yourself and you know what you want.
"I feel great – I'm at a good point in my life."
Previously, Kirsty split from her ex after 15 years together and four years of marriage.
Kirsty's rep declined to comment when approached.
A promising high school athlete who fell asleep behind the wheel of the car he was stealing from has been placed on probation for two years and ordered not to consume any drugs that are not prescribed by a physician.
The Welland youth, who was 17 when the offences were committed and can't be identified under provisions of the Youth Criminal Justice Act, pleaded guilty Wednesday in Ontario Court of Justice in Welland to several charges including possession of cocaine and possession of a weapon dangerous to the public peace.
Defence lawyer Jeff Root told the judge his client, who had no criminal record, had the talent to become an elite athlete before he became involved in Welland's drug subculture.
"He basically turned his bright future into a disaster," Root said. "He was throwing it all away."
On May 25, 2017, at about 7 a.m., court was told, a Welland man went to his car parked in his driveway on Commercial Street and discovered the teen sleeping inside.
The young man was dressed all in black and wearing a balaclava. A 13-inch knife was sticking out of his pocket.
The shocked resident called police and the defendant was arrested without incident.
When police search him, court heard, he was also carrying a stiletto-style knife as well as 100 grams of cocaine, some marijuana and a woman's wallet.
On the same day as his arrest, court was told, Niagara police were called to another Welland residence in regards to a theft from a vehicle which had occurred the previous day.
In that case, someone had entered two vehicles in the driveway and made off with a variety of items including the woman's wallet.
Cummins India's unimpressive performance in Q4 was due to weakness in domestic markets and input cost pressures. Graphic: Mint
Notwithstanding a dull March quarter (Q4), missing estimates on all counts, multinational capital goods manufacturer Cummins India Ltd's management struck an optimistic outlook for the coming year. They guided for an 8-10% growth in fiscal year 2019 (FY19) on expectations of strong sales in engines for the power generator and industrial segments. But the Street is not convinced and the company's shares have fallen by 4% since its results were announced.
The biggest disappointment was Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization), which at Rs173 crore fell short of Bloomberg's forecast of Rs196.5 crore by 13 analysts. Besides, it was only a tad higher than the year-ago period and accounted for 14% of the net revenue for the quarter. This was lower than the 15.1% that the Bloomberg analysts had estimated.
What went wrong? So far, competition has been rampant in the smaller-power engines. However, it has risen in the higher-power segment too, thanks to the entry of aggressive competitors. That appears to have put pressure on incumbents on the pricing front. Meanwhile, raw material costs have been soaring. Stiff competition could have also made it difficult to pass on cost increases to customers.
Therefore, domestic sales for the quarter declined. Fortunately, the 30% year-on-year increase in exports shored up revenue. Still, net revenue was lower than forecast and only 4% higher than a year ago.
In the analysts' call, the Cummins India management was more hopeful on domestic sales growth improving. Increase in demand for high-powered engines from oil and gas, and mining sectors is expected to boost sales in the quarters ahead. Not just this, infrastructure activity in construction and railways should also boost demand.
The management said seven out of 10 of the equipment in the 22-tonne road excavators are powered by Cummins India's engines, which shows a strong presence for the company.
This forecast also comes against an optimistic backdrop of the US parent increasing revenue growth guidance to 10-14% in calendar year 2019, from the earlier guidance of 4-8%. Note that in 2018, the parent clocked a 21% revenue growth with strong traction in regions such as Latin America, India and China.
Be that as it may, the need of the hour from an investor standpoint is for revenue growth to trickle down into profits. Rising material costs will necessitate passing on cost pressures to customers in order to sustain, if not ramp-up earnings.
Even the Cummins India stock, which has been running downhill and is underperforming benchmark indices, is feeling the effect of investor concern on margins. At the current price of Rs708, the stock trades at a fair price-to-earnings ratio of 21 times the estimated FY20 earnings. Any further margin pressures will cap upside in the stock.
ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey is in the spotlight after canceling the popular reboot of "Roseanne." The decision came after Roseanne Barr posted a racist tweet about a former adviser to President Obama.
Barr compared Valerie Jarrett, who is black, to an ape on Twitter. After initially pushing back against criticism, Barr said her "joke" was in "bad taste" and apologized.
But the apology wasn't enough for the network. Dungey called the tweet "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values" and announced the show's cancellation.
Dungey had the backing of Disney CEO Bob Iger, head of ABC's parent company, who said, "There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing."
Many big Hollywood names championed Dungey's decision Tuesday, with some sending positive messages to the cast and crew who are now out of work.
For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018
My prayers go out to the cast and crew who will now pay the price. But THANK YOU @RobertIger, #ChanningDungey and @ABCNetwork for standing up against bigotry. #Rosanne — kerry washington (@kerrywashington) May 29, 2018
But honestly she got what she deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one's actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one. — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
In 2016, Dungey made headlines when she became the first African-American to run the entertainment division of a major broadcast television network. In that role, she oversees "all development, programming, marketing and scheduling operations for ABC prime time and late-night," according to her company bio. She's been with ABC in various roles since 2004 and is credited with developing several of its hit TV dramas, including "Scandal," "How to Get Away With Murder" and "Quantico."
Dungey graduated from the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television in 1991. She's also taught a course titled "Developing the Drama Pilot" for graduate students at the school.
She started out as a development assistant for Davis Entertainment for 20th Century Fox. In 1998, she became senior vice president of a film production company called Material. She would later be named president in 2001.
Dungey, a self-proclaimed "TV junkie," spent nearly a decade working in film. In an interview with UCLA Newsroom, she said she began gravitating toward the small screen in the early 2000s. "I love to read, and TV seemed more like a good book, with these incredible series unfolding like chapters in a novel," she said last year.
She is also a founding member and board member of Step Up, a non-profit dedicated to empowering young girls in under-resourced communities to become "confident, college-bound, career-focused, and ready to join the next generation of professional women."
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
TORONTO — Doug Ford told a group of nearly 2,000 supporters that he plans to "take back this province" at his first major event since he was made leader of the Progressive Conservative party earlier this month.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd at a rally in Toronto, Ford says he believes he can build a majority government because Ontario voters are united in their dislike of Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
He says the current provincial government is "terrified" of a united Progressive Conservative party.
His speech focused largely on the province's finances, which Ford says have been mismanaged by Wynne's government.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wasps and England star James Haskell has been linked with a move to join Bristol Rugby next season according to reports.
Haskell, 32, is one of the most experienced players in the current England squad having gained 75 caps for his country in a 10-year international career.
The flanker has also taken the rare step for an English player of playing in New Zealand for the Highlanders, France with Stade Francais and Japan with the Ricoh Black Rams - experiencing club rugby around the world.
Speaking in an interview with The Rugby Pod podcast last week Haskell addressed the rumours directly.
He said: “I am out of contract at Wasps [at the end of the season]. I am honestly, and this is genuine I am not making excuses, I have not had a conversation with anyone about anything, I have just been trying to get my stuff in order with my playing.
“I think that kind of being left out of the England squad, it was the first time I have been left out when I am fully fit and able to play, it has just refocused me about what I wanted to do.
He joked: “Is there a parking space for a digger at Bristol?”
It doesn't sound like a move to Bristol is very likely from that interview. It has also been reported by Andy Goode, the other host of The Rugby Pod that Wasps backrower Guy Thompson is joining Leicester Tigers next season meaning that would leave Dai Young looking for two top quality flankers.
Haskell is a figure who divides opinion amongst rugby fans however in the last couple of years he has played some of his best rugby, particularly in an England shirt which earned him a call-up to the British and Irish Lions in the summer.
Bristol currently have no players in the England elite player squad - in fact they don't even have anyone close. And while Haskell was recently dropped by England head coach Eddie Jones for the Autumn internationals he still has a decent chance of getting back into the reckoning for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan.
If he did come to the West Country it would be another sign of the club's ambition.
Bristol Post Bristol Rugby writer John Evely gives his assessment of the rumours and the likelihood of them happening
This transfer rumour seems to shout ‘negotiating for a better deal with my club' and as such I don't see it happening.
Why - well partly because Bristol Rugby are in a strong place for backrow forwards with the likes of Steven Luatua, Jack Lam, Dan Thomas and Jordan Crane in the squad along with Chris Vui and Sam Jeffries who can also play on the flank.
Because of the salary cap Bristol only have a limited budget to spend next season and backrow is not an area they need to focus on, with the frontrow and scrum half the key areas needing enforcements.
The front row has struggled at times this season in the scrum, although they have looked better of late, and with Rhodri Williams returning to Wales next season there is a gaping hole in the squad at nine.
Secondly Haskell will be 33 by the time next season kicks off and while he is renowned for being one of the best conditioned players in the game, particularly as a flanker the years take their toll. This contract looks likely to be his final one in the professional game and I would be concerned that his best rugby is now behind him.
Brock Eurchuk and Rachel Staples, whose son Elliot Eurchuk died from an accidental overdose Friday in his Oak Bay home, call for changes to the laws governing youth health care. (Keri Coles/Oak Bay News)
The parents of a Victoria teen who died from an accidental overdose Friday are calling for changes to the laws governing youth health care.
Elliot Eurchuk, 16, died at his home on Friday. His parents, Rachel Staples and Brock Eurchuk, believe he took street drugs to help him sleep.
Elliot had been battling drug dependency after he was prescribed opioids for four major surgeries in 2017, including two for a fractured jaw and two shoulder reconstructions as a result of sports injuries. When his prescriptions of the highly addictive opioids ran out, he turned to street drugs for relief. He tried to hide the addiction from his parents, and was successful for awhile as he was shielded by the law.
The Infants Act states that children under 19 years of age may consent to a medical treatment on their own as long as the health care provider is sure that the treatment is in the child's best interest, and that the child understands the risks and benefits of the treatment.
“Kids try to make these decisions for themselves. If they don't want the help, there is nothing in our legal system that allows us as parents to get them the help they need,” said Staples.
“That kind of policy basically knocks parents to their knees in their efforts to help their children. In our son's case it ultimately led to his death because we had no control over his medical direction.”
Staples and her husband attempted to get access to Elliot's health records after he had been in and out of hospital with serious infections. They were told that Elliot did not want them to know what was going on. Due to the Infants Act, doctors honoured Elliot's wishes and told the parents nothing. An event in early February changed that.
Elliot was admitted to the hospital on Jan. 31 with a blood infection, which had him in the hospital for 26 days to get multiple rounds of IV antibiotics. On Feb. 9, Elliot was given a day pass. His dad took him to meet some friends for a movie and picked him up right afterwards to take him back to the hospital. At some point between drop off and pick up, Elliot got some opioids.
He was found by the medical team at the hospital early the next morning, not breathing and with blue lips. They administered naloxone and saved Elliot's life. It was at this point that his parents overheard a doctor talking to Elliot about naloxone and they got their first insight into what was happening to him.
“Even then it wasn't a direct conversation about what he had taken,” said Staples. “I'm a health care provider, I know what naloxone is. That was their only way of telling us that Elliot was using opioids from the streets.”
Staples and Eurchuk want to be clear that they are not blaming individuals, it is the system they feel needs to be changed. The Infants Act should be altered to allow parents to play a role in their child's health care. If youth are displaying at-risk behaviour, Staples and Eurchuk think parents should be told about what is happening and have a say in their child's medical treatment.
“When a parent suggests that their child is not capable of making responsible medical decisions I think that needs to override [the child's] desires,” said Staples.
They are also calling for alternatives to opioids in pain management.
“I just don't understand why opiates are the first line of approach for pain and why they are so widely prescribed when they are so addictive. There has got to be something else, particularly when you are dousing a young developing brain in opioids.” said Staples. “After his surgeries, Elliot came home with a prescription, like a bucket full of opioids. Yes, his surgery was extremely painful, and yes it is awful for the short-term but the long-term ramifications of opioids is just too risky.”
The final message that Elliot's parents want to get out, is for kids to make sure that if they are going to experiment, they don't do it alone.
“Elliot was alone,” said Staples.
The family is trying to cope and plan a funeral in an age where word travels instantly – they only had three hours between finding their son's body and getting calls from the school district and media.
“We are putting on a face for these media interviews but when we wake up in the morning, we are broken. Completely broken. We wake up multiple times a night gasping for breath, thinking about our son's heartbeat stopping,” said Eurchuk.
RELATED: Parents grieving teen's overdose death say it started with opioid prescription
RELATED: Dix says B.C. remains focused on fighting youth overdoses in wake of teen's death
Resources are available for those affected by or struggling to cope with the loss.
Kids Help Phone offers 24/7 counselling online at kidshelpphone.ca or by phone 1-800-668-6868.
The 24-hour Vancouver Island Crisis Line is an Island Health contracted service offers text 250-800-3806, online chat vicrisis.ca and phone services 1-888-494-3888.
The Eurchuk family. (Submitted)
× Two Arrested for Home Burglary in Schuylkill County
MAHANOY CITY — Two men are locked up for a burglary early Monday morning in Schuylkill County.
Police arrested Rashawn Gass, 29, and John Heemaneth, 30, both of Tamaqua.
Officers tell us the pair ransacked the living room of a home along East Mahanoy Avenue in Mahanoy City around 1:30 a.m.
The homeowners gave police a description of one of the men and a getaway vehicle. Tamaqua police spotted the vehicle a short time later and arrested the two men.
Both were charged with burglary, criminal trespass, receiving stolen property, and identity theft. Gass also faces drug charges.
They are locked up in the Schuylkill County jail.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City finished the January transfer window with three new signing as Lee Johnson bolstered his side for the rest of the season.
Liam Walsh joined on a permanent deal from Everton, Ryan Kent signed from Liverpool on loan and French striker Lois Diony became the final arrival as he signed from Saint-Etienne for the rest of the campaign.
But what about the players the Robins were linked during January?
James Thomas takes a look at what happened to the one's that got away from the Robins.
Jordan Hugill
The striker completed a deadline day move to Premier League West Ham United for a reported £9million
The 25-year-old was repeatedly linked with a move away from Deepdale during the last month with Bristol City rumoured to be one of the sides interested.
Hugill was omitted from the Preston squad for their last game against Nottingham Forest amid speculation of his move to the Olympic Stadium.
The Englishman who has ten goals in 29 games this season, joins the Hammers to replace the departed Diafra Sakho who joined French side Rennes and made his debut against Brighton on Saturday.
Lewis Grabban
The 30-year-old was linked with City during the window following Lee Johnson's admission that he was in the hunt for a striker.
Championship leaders Wolves were also linked with the player earlier on in the window, but his destination was a toss-up between Aston Villa and Cardiff City.
The striker was recently recalled from a loan spell at Sunderland where he scored 12 goals in 19 Championship appearances for the Black Cats, following his move to the Stadium of Light last summer.
However, it was Villa that landed the striker on-loan until the end of the season as the Robins had already turned their attention towards signing Lois Diony from Saint Etienne which they subsequently did.
Jack Colback
The 28-year old signed for Nottingham Forest on-loan for the rest of the season and was linked with a move to Bristol City earlier in the window as Lee Johnson looked to bolster his midfield options.
Colback, fell out of favour at St James' Park and hadn't played a single minute of football for the Magpies this season.
The Englishman featured 21 times for Rafa Benitez's side that won promotion to the Premier League but was told that he was free to leave the club once the window opened.
He now links up with Forest boss Karanka having made 179 top-flight appearances during his time with Newcastle and arch-rivals Sunderland.
Jordan Jones
Bristol City made an enquiry about the 23-year-old winger during the latter stages of the window.
It was reported that the Robins were in contact with Kilmarnock over Jones, who was also subject of a bid by Glasgow side Rangers in the region of £350,000 but were knocked back
The former Burnley target has so far netted three goals in 28 matches for his side this season – while also adding three assists.
The Northern Ireland international won his first cap last November and still has 18 months left on his current contract at Kilmarnock where he has decided to stay, until the summer at least.
The signing of Ryan Kent seemed to end all interest in Jones. However, who is to say that if the Robins get promoted, that Lee Johnson won't make another attempt to sign the promising wide-man.
Alfredo Morelos
Morelos was another striker the Robins reportedly kept a close eye on during the window before signing Diony.
The 21-year-old striker has been a huge hit at Rangers after joining in a £1million deal in the summer from HJK Helsinki.
The forward expressed his desire to quit Ibrox at the end of the season and move to the Premier League.
With the Colombian looking at making his name in the top-flight, and Bristol City having promotion ambitions of their own, this is a deal that could yet happen come the summer transfer window.
Although he remains a Rangers player for now, he has also been the subject of interest from the Chinese Super League.
That deal could happen at anytime as the Chinese transfer window is still open, but Morelos has made it clear that England is where he next wants to play his football.
Marley Watkins
Bristol City saw a £1m bid turned down earlier this month by Norwich, as the Canaries were keen to retain his services.
It was reported that Cardiff were also keen on bringing the forward to South Wales but a £2m offer was also rejected by the Championship club.
Out of all the deals that City were linked with, this is the one that seemed most unlikely given Norwich boss Daniel Farke expressing his desire to keep hold of the Welshman.
The 27-year-old will remain with Norwich until the end of the season, but it is unclear where his future lies beyond that.
Adam Webster
The 23-year-old was subject to interest from Bristol City in a deal that was believed to be worth £4m.
The Robins considered bringing the defender to Ashton Gate during the window in case they lost Aden Flint, amid reports he was attracting interest from Brighton and Hove Albion and West Brom.
Webster – who has had a few injuries since signing for Mick McCarthy's side - is contracted with the Tractor Boys until 2019 and has featured 17 times for Ipswich during this campaign.
He was always unlikely to leave Portman Road for BS3 as Ipswich had the option to extend his deal for another season and were under no pressure to sell the talented centre-back.
From Skinny To Jacked
This Guy Packed On 35 Pounds Of Muscle And Now He's Sharing His Secrets
From nothingness, the universe was created. From a simple caterpillar, a butterfly emerges. A dorky teen grows up to be a fashion model, or a bodybuilder. The one constant in life is change, and in our Transformation of the Week series, AskMen is celebrating men who have turned their lives around through dedication, commitment and hard work. Is that you? Email us your story and pictures at askus@askmen.com and you could be featured next week!
Fitness transformation stories almost always seem to be about weight loss. But there are those among us that want to pack on a few pounds or get stronger or simply be more confident at the beach. And some of those guys have been slim forever and think aloud, "why do I even need to go to the gym?"
Thirty-one year old Reddit user Mikey67Tang was one of those guys, until his wife practically pushed through the gym doors. And now, "I wish I could go back 10 years and kick my scrawny ass," he wrote. "Today, I couldn't be having more fun!"
He didn't hire a trainer or dive into an incredibly restrictive diet. In fact, he didn't even have any specific goals when he started. But what was intriguing however, was the idea that he could re-sculpt his through a combination of food and pumping iron. He followed a series of programs he discovered on other Reddit threads. First a simple six-month PPL (push-pull-legs) program and then a 5-3-1 lifting schedule for the next four.
A year ago, he had never touched a weight. Now he's posting YouTube videos crushing a 315-pound squat double.
He shared a simple diet that require he eats five times a day, including two snacks with things like Greek yogurt and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and supplemented with Omega-3, probiotics and glucosamine. But most importantly for him was hitting his eating goals each day. He shared these tips for gaining:
New Delhi: India defeat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs inside three days in the third and final test to complete a historic 3-0 series whitewash at the Pallekle stadium on Monday. (IND vs SL - As it happened | Full Coverage)
The hosts were all out for 181 in their second innings after made to follow on. Sri Lanka were bundled out for 135 on Sunday after India posted 487 in their first innings.
For India, off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin grabbed four wickets and pacer Mohammad Shami three.
Earlier, India won the first match by 304 runs and then thrashed the hosts by an innings and 53 runs in the second match. India had won both in Galle and Colombo inside four days.
It was a thorough professional performance from India throughout the match and they looked likely to wrap-up the Test inside three days after Mohammed Shami took two early wickets to leave the hosts reeling at 82-4 by lunch while following-on.
With India leading by 270 runs, Lankan skipper Dinesh Chandimal on (36)nd Angelo Mathews (35) put on 65-run sand for the 5th wicket to give themselves slender hopes for surviving for another day.
The hosts' most experienced batting duo put all their defences in place as runs trickled in for the hosts, who started the day on 19-1, at just about two an over. But they couldn't last lost in the second session of Day 3 after Kuldeep returned to send Chandimal packing, while Mathews soon followed his captains' footsteps, becoming Ashwin's second victim of the day.
Niroshan Dickwella (41), was Sri Lanka's top run-getter, while Dilruwan Perera and Lakshan Sandakan couldn't get into double figures before being sent back to pavilion by the Indians, who successfuly completed their first overseas clean sweep in a series of 3 matches or more.
Earlier in the first innings, Sri Lanka were bowled out for 135 in response to India`s 487 in the first innings as the world`s top side took control of the Test on day two.
All-rounder Hardik Pandya`s maiden Test century and four wickets by spinner Kuldeep Yadav have the visitors on track to claim their first-ever overseas whitewash in a three-Test series.
Best Workout Tights For Men
Seven Workout Tights That Will Give Your Training An Instant Boost
For a night out on town, sure, clothes make the man. A dapper wardrobe can make you look and feel like one confident badass. But what about for exercise? Can clothes really make the difference?
The answer is a resounding “kind of.”
Are you going to deadlift an extra 20 pounds because you have special, breathable fabrics in your arm sleeve? Probably not. But are you going to feel way more comfortable on a long run during a hot day with compression clothes that make you feel cooler and drier? Probably, yes.
We're going to breakdown what you need to know about workout tights, whether they're fact or fiction, and the best ones for you to go with if you decide they're right for you.
Benefits
It can improve performance. There is research that suggests there are benefits to wearing compression clothes. One study found that it could help runners in areas “related to endurance performance (slowing fatigue) slightly, by improving running economy, biomechanical variables, perception, and muscle temperature.” Again, you're not going to end up competing at the NFL Combine because of your tights, but over the long haul, they can help a wee bit.
There is research that suggests there are benefits to wearing compression clothes. One study found that it could help runners in areas “related to endurance performance (slowing fatigue) slightly, by improving running economy, biomechanical variables, perception, and muscle temperature.” Again, you're not going to end up competing at the NFL Combine because of your tights, but over the long haul, they can help a wee bit. It can help accelerate recovery. German researchers found that wearing compression clothes after exercise can help with recovery of max strength, reducing swelling and soreness, and removing blood lactate. The jury is still out on how significant of an effect it is, but at the highest level of sports, it could help athletes get back on the field faster (and they'll take that edge).
German researchers found that wearing compression clothes after exercise can help with recovery of max strength, reducing swelling and soreness, and removing blood lactate. The jury is still out on how significant of an effect it is, but at the highest level of sports, it could help athletes get back on the field faster (and they'll take that edge). It can help you beat the weather. Whether it's really hot or cold outside, compression tights can help you feel more comfortable. For example, cold-weather specific tights can help you feel warm without the bulk of thick clothes. And if it's hot, it can help you feel cooler and drier. Whether it's 30 degrees Fahrenheit or Celsius, that's pretty clutch.
Whether it's really hot or cold outside, compression tights can help you feel more comfortable. For example, cold-weather specific tights can help you feel warm without the bulk of thick clothes. And if it's hot, it can help you feel cooler and drier. Whether it's 30 degrees Fahrenheit or Celsius, that's pretty clutch. It looks pretty damn cool. Sure, it sounds silly and superficial, but sometimes, it's an added motivation to train. When you look good, you feel good. And I'll admit, part of the reason why personal training works isn't just the training, it's also because clients have invested thousands of dollars before they even start to sweat. You better follow through!
What To Avoid
Poor fit. Compression clothes should be tight, but they shouldn't feel like they're cutting off the circulation to your body. An easy rule of thumb is that it shouldn't be a total pain in the ass to put on.
Compression clothes should be tight, but they shouldn't feel like they're cutting off the circulation to your body. An easy rule of thumb is that it shouldn't be a total pain in the ass to put on. False sense of security. Putting on an arm sleeve or leg sleeve won't magically protect your elbow or knee. It might help it feel a tiny bit cooler (temperature-wise) or more stable, but don't think it'll make your joints impervious to Tommy John surgery or a knee replacement. If you have an injury, don't just slap on compression clothes and call it a day — fix the problem.
We Recommend
2XU Elite MCS Compression Tights (Editor's Choice)
2XU Elite MCS Compression tights offer tremendous support and have special panels targeted to give you support on different, key muscle, tendon, and fascia groups. (Even as specific as your calves.) It offers high filament yarns to wick moisture from the skin toward the outside and has a drawstring waistband for an adjustable, secure fit. It's also antibacterial with UPF50+ Sun protection.
$119.95 at Amazon.com
SKINS RY400 Compression Long Sleeve Top (Runner-up)
Most recovery compression gear is made for your lower body. But if you're looking to help you after a grueling training session, Skin's RY400 can help reduce delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS) and improve your muscle recovery time. Wear it for at least three hours for the best results. It's also comfortable enough to wear while you sleep, assisting to speed up your body's natural recovery process. It has panels and seams positioned to support and stabilize your muscles.
$129.99 at Amazon.com
Under Armour HeatGear® Compression (Best Value)
These are staples when it comes to compression leggings and, best of all, they're at a great price. With its HeatGear fabric, it helps keep you cool on hot days because it wicks your sweat and dries fast. It's also UPF 30+ to protect your skin. You can wear them all day long and move incredibly well.
$39.99 at UnderArmour.com
SKINS DNAmic Men's Compression Long Tights
SKINS DNAmic Long Tights have special fibers to increase circulation and muscle oxygenation by wrapping and supporting the calves, hamstrings, quads, and glutes. Made with endurance athlete in mind, these come with a unique sizing system based on a unique algorithm that matches your BMI. That way, you get the full benefits of their compression because it fits properly.
$109.99 at Amazon.com
Nike Pro Zonal Strength Training Tights
Nike Pro Zonal Strength Training Tights are extremely comfortable and actually have silicone injected in the areas around your calves, quads, and hamstrings to increase compression during your workout. With this kind of specialized compression, it'll stabilize your muscles and reduce the jarring forces your muscles have to absorb. It's also having mesh in areas that tend to get hot to help you stay cool.
$100.00 at Nike.com
Lululemon Surge Light Tight
Lululemon Surge Light Tight is a sleek, comfortable, smooth, and attractive compression legging for virtually any kind of exercise. Because it's so light, it's perfect for wearing under your shorts as it wicks away sweat and fits almost like a second skin.
$98.00 at Lululemon.com
Tommie Copper Men's Core Compression Full Arm Sleeve
Want to borrow from Allen Iverson's signature style? Try the Tommie Copper Arm Sleeve. It gives you compression and support to your arm, covering your bicep to your forearm. It offers 100 percent copper and zinc-encapsulated fabric to fight odors, wicks away moisture to keep you cool, and breathes well.
$34.50 at TommieCopper.com
Anthony J. Yeung, CSCS, is a fitness expert featured in Esquire, GQ, and Men's Health and the founder of Unlock Your Fitness, the fitness program for busy entrepreneurs and professionals. Click HERE to get the free 5-day e-course to build habits to get in shape.
Required Reading
Best Running Shoes For Men
The Best Shoes For Any Workout
Should You Take A Multivitamin?
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service. The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — South Carolina guard Sindarius Thornwell was reinstated to the team Monday after missing the past six games because of an unspecified violation of athletic department policy.
The 6-foot-5 senior will be available when the Gamecocks open Southeastern Conference play at Georgia on Wednesday night.
Coach Frank Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner reviewed Thornwell's situation and decided he could return.
Thornwell was the team's leading scorer and rebounder when he was suspended before South Carolina's game with Florida International on Dec. 4. At the time, the Gamecocks (10-3) were undefeated and ranked in the Top 25. They have gone 3-3 since, including a loss last Friday night at Memphis, and have fallen out of the rankings.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year
Pentagon officials say starting on Jan. 1, 2018, transgender people can enlist in the U.S. military. President Trump has opposed allowing transgender people to serve, but the Pentagon decision comes as courts are ruling against efforts to bar transgender enlistment.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
The Pentagon says it will let openly transgender people enlist starting on January 1. This comes after several court rulings, including one today. All have blocked President Trump's attempt to ban transgender people from the armed forces. NPR national security correspondent Greg Myre is here in the studio to talk about this. Hi, Greg.
GREG MYRE, BYLINE: Hey, Kelly.
MCEVERS: So we're really talking about two groups of people here - right? - transgender service members and those who actually want to enlist. Where do these two groups now stand?
MYRE: So the tale begins in the middle of last year - year and a half ago when transgender troops already serving in the military were allowed to serve and do so openly. And then the military said on the second part of that that they would study how to handle enlistments - people who wanted to join, openly transgender people.
Move forward to July of this year. Trump tweets. President Trump says he does not want any transgender people in the military - wants to kick out those who are in the military and not allow any enlistments, followed that up a month later with a directive. This prompted several lawsuits from transgender members of the military. And we've had two cases already where federal judges have ruled against the president.
MCEVERS: So what happened in court today?
MYRE: One of those judges - a federal district judge here in Washington, D.C. - said that the Trump administration can't get a delay that it was seeking. She said the military needs to go ahead with its own date that it set of January 1, 2018. They've had 18 months to study this issue. They're making vague claims about needing more time and needing a delay. She said she saw no reason for that. So January 1 will usher in a new era when openly transgender people can enlist.
MCEVERS: What has been the reaction - today's ruling?
MYRE: Well, I spoke with Aaron Belkin. He's with the Palm Center, which works on LGBT issues in the military. And he said this is the latest in a series of important rulings.
AARON BELKIN: Today's announcements both by the court and the Pentagon signal that there's an awareness that it's not right to make military policy by tweets. And when there's been a deliberate process of study, then that process should be respected and implemented.
MYRE: And then over at the White House, Spokesperson Sarah Sanders disagreed with the ruling and says the Justice Department is checking into other legal options.
MCEVERS: Checking into options - I mean, does that mean the issue isn't really settled yet?
MYRE: That's true. All of these rulings so far are temporary. They're stays. And this could play out for some time. I asked Belkin about this, and he said the government could keep appealing the stays. And when that's exhausted, then you'll have the actual trial. And again, it's these transgender members of the military who are suing the president and the administration, saying, we want to stay in the military. That could be a lengthy trial. And when that's over, there could be appeals to that. So we're looking at pretty drawn-out process. But in the interim, transgender people apparently will be able to stay in the military and enlist.
MCEVERS: So it sounds like a question of how long the White House is willing to fight on this, too.
MYRE: Absolutely. They could keep pushing, or they could give up and then go to trial.
MCEVERS: And just for some context here, I mean, how many transgender people are already serving in the military now?
MYRE: We don't have any official figures from the Pentagon. Now, there are private groups that have tried to make several counts, but these really are estimates. And the range is quite wide. Some estimates put it at just a couple thousand. The Rand Corporation has done a - the most detailed study that they'd felt they could do estimating about 10,000 or so, including both active troops and reservists.
MCEVERS: NPR's Greg Myre, thanks a lot.
MYRE: Thank you, Kelly.
(SOUNDBITE OF KAKI KING'S "SO MUCH FOR SO LITTLE")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tributes have flooded in for a "beautiful" teenager who fell to her death from a multi-storey car park .
The 19-year-old , named locally as Murron McDermid, died in the early hours of Saturday after the incident in Gloucester.
Flowers have now been laid down against the car park wall as people have attended the scene to pay their respects, reports Gloucestershire Live .
One card, from Julie and Ellie, read: "To Murron, to a beautiful lady. We will miss you my dear.”
Another message simply read: "Gonna miss u Murron.”
The young artist exhibited her paintings at the city's hub Jolt in King's Square, where staff remember her fondly.
Jason Smith, chief executive of Marketing Gloucester which runs it, called her a “sweet” girl.
“This was a complete shock to us,” he said.
“She was such a character, full of energy. This will be a shock for the arts community in Gloucester.
“She was a lovely girl, with a lot of enthusiasm. She was one of those who would always come over and say hello.”
Police said the death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious and her next of kin have been informed.
It is understood she is a former pupil of Chosen Hill School in Churchdown, The Crypt School in Gloucester and SGS College in Stroud. She had been working at The Grape Tree in Gloucester.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spending too much time on Facebook and Twitter causes depression and social media detoxing could improve your outlook on life, according to research
A study shows regular use of social networking sites may affect your emotional well-being.
But you don't have to quit them altogether - simply changing your behavior and taking an occasional break could be enough to lift your spirits.
The findings published in Cyberpsychology, Behaviour, and Social Networking are based on an experiment in which almost 1,100 participants were assessed and then randomly assigned to one of two conditions.
These were to continue using Facebook as usual or stop for a week - with the latter boosting mental health.
Before and after the study, both groups were asked to evaluate different aspects of their lives, including mood, ability to concentrate, level of worry, and level of satisfaction with their social life.
The group which took a break from social media enjoyed more social activities and an improvement in life satisfaction. It also made them more productive - with the control group reporting a much lower ability to concentrate.
(Photo: Getty)
Dr Morten Tromholt, of Copenhagen University, said: "The total number of Facebook users grows each day.
"According to Facebook's own data, the social network had 1.59 billion active users in December 20151 and according to Statistics Denmark, two out of three three Danish Internet users had an account on Facebook in 2015.
"In other words, Facebook is the most widespread social network of our time. The users of Facebook report using the social network to keep in touch with friends, share good things, and to gain information about others.
"Thinking of all the social and practical functions that Facebook supports, one is likely to believe that our daily use of Facebook affects our lives in one way or another."
The gains varied depending on the amount of time they previously spent on Facebook and whether or not they were passive users and tended to envy others on the site.
Dr Tromholt said: "Millions of hours are spent on Facebook each day. We are surely better connected now than ever before, but is this new connectedness doing any good to our well-being? According to the present study, the answer is no.
"In fact, the predominant uses of Facebook, that is, as a means to communicate, gain information about others, and as habitual pastime, are affecting our well-being negatively on several dimensions."
He said the study provides evidence quitting Facebook leads to higher levels of both cognitive and affective well-being.
(Photo: Getty)
The participants who took a week's break from Facebook reported significantly higher levels of life satisfaction and a significantly improved emotional life.
The study also showed the gain of well-being varied in relation to how people use Facebook - with it greatest for heavy and passive users and those who tend to envy others users.
Dr Tromholt said: "These findings indicate it might not be necessary to quit Facebook for good to increase one's well-being. Instead an adjustment of one's behaviour on Facebook could potentially cause a change.
Twitter could finally let users edit typos out of their tweets
"To make things clear, if one is a heavy Facebook user, one should use Facebook less to increase one's well-being.
"And if one tends to feel envy when on Facebook, one should avoid browsing the sections (or specific friends) on Facebook causing this envy.
"And if one uses Facebook passively, one should reduce this kind of behaviour."
He said if it's difficult to change one's way of using Facebook one should consider quitting for good.
Dr Brenda Wiederhold, editor of the journal, said: "Confirming previous research this study found 'lurking' on Facebook may cause negative emotions.
"However, on the bright side, as previous studies have shown, actively connecting with close friends, whether in real life or on Facebook, may actually increase one's sense of well-being."
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's June 29, 2015, and the Brazilian midfielder Paulinho , after two hugely underwhelming years in the Premier League, joins Guangzhou Evergrande from Tottenham Hotspur for £9.9m.
No-one would have seen his next move coming back then.
Because just over two years later, he's popped up at Barcelona in a staggering £36.4m deal which has got the world talking.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Action Images)
In swapping China for Catalonia, the 29-year-old seems to have both enraged Barça fans and amused everyone else, especially Spurs supporters who saw him regularly struggle for their club.
He was voted Spurs the worst ever player in a fans' poll in March this year, and fans were left stunned as Barça - who are still chasing Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho - announced his arrival.
Here's just a flavour of the feeling on social media.
We'll kick off with a theory...
And then just take in the general disbelief
We'll move on to the bold claims (yep, bold claims on Twitter! Whatever next?!)
And leave the final thoughts to the many, many, many disbelieving Spurs fans
Football, eh?
It can always surprise you.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Officers from Avon and Somerset Police have recreated their very own Hot Fuzz moment - by rescuing a swan from the M5 motorway near Bristol.
PC Tom and his colleague managed to catch the swan after it was spotted walking along a busy section of the motorway between Burnham-on-Sea and Weston-super-Mare.
With help from Highways England staff, the two officers managed to bundle the bird into their boot and release it in a more convenient - and somewhat less congested - area, away from the M5.
PC Tom compared the rescue to a scene in Simon Pegg's and Nick Frost's police comedy Hot Fuzz, in which the two main characters are tasked with finding a lost swan.
(Image: Avon and Somerset Police / Twitter)
“Some people say that policing in the country is a bit like Hot Fuzz - people come round and they say ‘any luck catching them swans?' PC Tom said.
“Well, here you go - we have been catching them swans.”
The swan's release back into the wild, which took place last week, was filmed by PC Tom's colleague and shared on social media by Avon and Somerset Police.
In the short clip, PC Tom tells his colleague he has to be careful because “these things are vicious.”
(Image: Avon and Somerset Police / Twitter)
After opening his boot, the swan takes a brief moment to take in his new surroundings before leaping from the car and clumsily landing on the ground.
It then casually saunters off - but not without leaving PC Tom with a parting gift.
“Oh look at his face, he doesn't look too happy,” PC Tom added, as he returned to close his boot.
“I think he took a poo in the back of my car!”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri is the latest Italian to be linked with the Chelsea job – and the Blues have until May 31 to get the top coach in Serie A for £7m.
Antonio Conte is set to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season and the search is already under way for his replacement.
Gazzetta dello Sport claims Chelsea have already made contact with the former bank worker, 59, whose attacking style has been compared to Pep Guardiola.
(Image: REUTERS)
His contract has a buyout clause of £7m between now and the end of the season – and Napoli presdient Aurelio De Laurentiis wants to sign a new deal and remove the clause. Negotiations started in the last window and will continue.
De Laurentiis told Corriere dello Sport: “Sarri is a wonderful person and a great coach. I am not worried that anyone will take him away also because whoever wants him has to put €8m on the table.
"However I would like to remove this clause and on February when we meet, I will tell him. Maurizio has ethics. He was born in Naples and has returned to win. I don't consider this experience as a stage in his career. I adore Sarri – for me he is the best in the world.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"I wish and hope he will be our coach for a long time. I chose him – he has a Stakanovite work ethic. He speaks only about preparing for game. He is like a 20-year-old who is always growing and evolving. He still has a lot of improving to do.”
Former Barcelona boss Luis Enrique and Diego Simeone of Atletico Madrid are other candidates to take the Chelsea job in the summer.
Enjoy the rare treat of seeing 2 Tone legends The Selecter and The Beat playing on the same bill.
These lifelong friends ware renowned for their energetic live shows which get everyone in the room dancing....so don't miss the chance to see them at The Avenue, Chesterfield, on December 21.
The Selecter racked up hits Three Minute Hero, Missing Words and On My Radio.
Led by frontwoman Pauline Black and co-fronted by original member Arthur ‘Gaps' Hendrickson, The Selecter features a a band of talented musicians. Pauline and Gaps are still writing songs which appear new album Daylight.
The Beat, fronted by Ranking Roger, produced a string of hit singles in the 80s, namely Mirror in the Bathroom, Stand Down Margaret and Too Nice To Talk To.
Tickets to the gig at The Avenue cost £27.50. To book, go to www.seetickets.com/event/the-selecter-the-beat-feat-ranking-roger/the-avenue/1136187
Photo by John Coles
You might be losing the youngest ones to their own businesses before long.
May 30, 2018 3 min read
For a long time, the youngest people in a office environment were millennials. But millennials aren't the new kids on the block anymore. That goes especially for ones that are in their early to mid 30s -- they have been working for more than a decade. Millennials have now passed the mantle of the youngest working cohort to generation Z.
In a recent study, career site Comparably characterized generation Z as workers ages 18 to 25, young millennials as workers ages 26 to 30 and old millennials as workers ages 31 to 35.
In a summary of the findings, Jason Nazar, Comparably's CEO, noted that generation Z was particularly entrepreneurial, noting that “more than 40 percent plan to start their own businesses in the next five years."
So what else do you need to know about some of your youngest colleagues?
Related: What Are Millennials Willing to Give Up for Their Careers? (Infographic)
On the subject of being satisfied with their salaries, 48 percent of young millennials report that they feel they are fairly compensated, while 50 percent of generation Z and 54 percent of old millennials said the same.
When it came to being transparent about what they earned, 35 percent of gen Z and 32 percent of young millennials reported they would be “very likely” or “somewhat likely” to share that information with their colleagues, while 24 percent of old millennials agreed.
When asked about the longevity of the impact of movements such as #TimesUp on the workplace, 71 percent of generation Z, 68 percent of young millenials and 66 percent of old millennials said they think that it will lead to positive and lasting change.
In that same vein, 39 percent of workers aged 18 to 25 say they feel that their gender has held them back in their careers, though 48 percent of women said that compared to 21 percent of men.
Related: 10 Lucrative Side Gigs for Millennials Looking to Earn Extra Money
Regarding plans to be parents, 58 percent of generation Z, 56 percent of young millennials and 54 percent of old millennials said they believed that having kids can hold people back in advancing their careers, so going forward, you may see those cohorts having children later and later in life.
When asked to rank these five workplace elements -- career advancement opportunities, work-life balance, company mission, healthcare and benefits and a happy culture and environment -- all three groups said that work-life importance was most important, followed closely by career advancement opportunities.
And if they were put in charge and had the chance to change these five things -- improve company culture, make a better product, reduce expenses, have a better vision or strategy for the company or increase employee pay -- while generation Z's top choice was upping salaries, young and old millennials wanted to strengthen the vision for the business.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Lo Moon seemed to come out of nowhere last year, and the trio of Matt Lowell, Crisanta Baker, Samuel Stewart have been steadily peeling back the layers ever since. What's been revealed to date is a neo-classic sound with cascading keyboard textures, rhythmic crescendos, shimmering guitars and cinematic lift. Our first taste of the band was "Loveless," a song with big sound that's as intimate as it is anthemic.
Their latest single, "This Is It," maintains the seductive ambient charm and pull of "Loveless," yet shows a steadfast rock side to the band, including touring drummer Sterling Laws. Lowell told me over email that the song is "built on three very different emotional stages of a relationship. For the video we felt it was best to keep the focus on the song." The piano in the video, Lowell says, "is a Crown Piano from the early 1900s. It's been played on a lot of world class records. The story has it Johnny Cash recorded 'Hurt' on this very piano. It's one of those instruments that has songs stocked up inside of it. You feel it the second you sit down to play. It's one of the most inspiring instruments I've ever played."
Lo Moon do intimacy extremely well, and it is well represented in the video for "This Is It." Shot in black and white and directed by L.A. director Kevin Slack, it features the band up close and personal. It captures the energy and interplay of the foursome during their live shows, as if you were on stage right in the center of the action.
Well worth your time and dime
Our Score:
“…a nation without a past is a lost nation, and a people without a past is a people without a soul” Seretse Khama
Director Amma Assante (2013's Belle), working from a script penned by Guy Hibbert, gives us A United Kingdom; based on the true story of Seretse Khama (David Oyelowo, Lee Daniels' The Butler, Middle of Nowhere) and Ruth Williams (Rosamund Pike, The World's End, Jack Reacher) who met in post World War II London. Seretse was there finishing his college studies in preparation to become the King of Bechuanaland while Ruth works as a clerk for Lloyd's of London. Ruth's sister Muriel (Laura Carmichael, Madame Bovary) talks Ruth into accompanying her to a missionary's dance where Seretse and Ruth meet.
After a whirlwind courtship, and with full knowledge that Seretse's uncle Tshekedi Khama (Vusi Kunene, Cry, the Beloved Country) will not react well to news that Seretse plans to marry a white woman; they marry without telling him. When the couple arrives at Seretse's home village of Serowe, his uncle is there and they have a confrontation. Tshekedi provokes a confrontation at a tribal meeting known as a kgotla but the people support Seretse's claim to the throne.
Then the British government, in the form of “Sir Alistair Canning” (Jack Robertson, Pirate Radio) who is the British government representative in South Africa becomes a factor in the ongoing drama. They call for an investigation into Sereste's claim to the throne based on Tshekedi's opposition. The fact that South Africa borders Bechaunaland and has instituted apartheid motivates the British government to intervene. The British, economy still in recovery after the war, is dependent on South Africa. Eventually, Seretse is exiled from Bechaunaland for five year.
With Seretse in London and Ruth still in Serowe, they discover she is with child. Seretse's sister Nalida (Terry Pheto, Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom) is by Ruth's side. That is very interesting considering her first words to Ruth when the newlyweds arrived in Serowe.
The best hope for the couple to be reunited is the upcoming Parliamentary elections. Winston Churchill goes on the record saying that if he is elected, he will allow Seretse to go home. When he wins, everyone is overjoyed. Briefly. Rather than being allowed to journey back to Bechuanaland, Seretse's five year banishment is made permanent. He must find a way to get the ban overturned.
The main cast, to use a Trumpism, is bigly outstanding. David Oyelowo nails the charismatic nature of a man who was born to lead; able to inspire a large crowd or a small gathering with equal effectiveness. Rosamund Pike is also terrific as the woman who initially gave up everything to be with the love of her life. Amma Asante uses the stunning scenery of Africa to great effect. She also used music to enhance rather than create emotional reaction which is a rare treat.
While based on a true story, some poetic license is taken. The real Seretse Khama was not king of the entire nation of Bechuanaland, but leader of one of the eight principal tribes of the nation (the Bamangwato). The timeline is compressed in places and what happens to Seretse's uncle after the initial confrontation between them was changed.
A United Kingdom opened initially in Los Angeles and New York City. Don't miss it when it moves into more theaters.
[imdb id =
Trump Addresses Iran Nuclear Deal At White House With French President Macron President Trump and French President Macron addressed their differences on the Iran nuclear agreement Tuesday as they took questions from reporters at the White House.
By HYUNG-EUN KIM
Monday, August 14, 2017
At the palace of Wolseong in Gyeongju, several hundred miles south of Seoul, arch-aeologists have found a group of sixth-century clay figures dating to the Silla dynasty (57 B.C.–A.D. 935). The dolls, which measure between one and eight inches tall, include one wearing a turban and caftan believed to represent a Sogdian, a member of an ancient Iranian civilization. The Silla are known to have had active exchanges with Central Asia, Europe, and the Middle East, but few clay dolls resembling people from the Middle East have previously been found. Other clay figures found at Wolseong include one riding a horse, a man with exaggerated male genitals, and several dancers in lively, dynamic postures.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Taylor Swift has 'fired' her backing dancer Toshi after he posted offensive social media memes, it has been reported.
The Bad Blood singer is said to have been good friends with Kim 'Toshi' Davidson before she was alerted to the sexist content on his Instagram story.
A series of controversial posts by Toshi had been screengrabbed by Taylor's fans and shared across social media platforms - before his account was made private.
Eagle-eyed fans then noticed Toshi was missing from her headline performance at BBC Radio's Biggest Weekend ever on Sunday.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Splash News)
An insider has claimed that Taylor was 'livid' when she heard about the posts.
“She has considered him one her closest friends on the road after recruiting him for her 1989 tour back in 2014. And she even donated thousands to his nephew Ayden, who sadly lost his life, to help with cancer treatment.
They added to The Sun: “But she feels his posts were absolutely unacceptable, especially in the current climate of the #MeToo movement.
“She feels she simply cannot endorse this behaviour and to-do so would be setting a bad example to her fans.”
(Image: Splash News)
One of the offending posts from account ToshiAdventures is said to have been in regards to an article about Australia's national women's football team losing to an under 15's boys' side.
"Back to the kitchen," was written underneath it.
Other memes including one showing a bottle of Chloroform, a van and a wood which was called 'Every girls weakness,' were also said to have been shared.
"If you can't take a joke this isn't the page for you," was also posted to the account which had 70,000 followers before being set to private.
(Image: Twitter/@ToshiAdventures)
Taylor and Toshi, who calls himself an LA dancer, creator and influencer were said to have been very good friends before the 'fall out.'
The pop singer once donated $50,000 via a GoFundme account to help Toshi's poorly nephew Ayden Brown, who passed away at the age of three in November 2017.
"Baby Ayden, I'm lucky enough to perform with your uncle Toshi on tour,' she wrote at the time. "All of us are praying for you and your mama and sending so much love your way. Love, Taylor."
(Image: REUTERS)
After wowing fans at BBC radio's Biggest Weekend in Swansea on Sunday, Taylor will continue with her Reptuation Stadium Tour.
The singer still has ten dates left on her UK leg of the tour, which will see her graces the stages of Manchester's Etihad and Wembley in London.
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for comment.
When Saul Bellow won the Nobel Prize in 1976, he remarked that "the child in me is delighted" but "the adult in me is skeptical." Bellow found there was a "secret humiliation connected with the prize," he later said, because "some of the very great writers of the century didn't get it."
The child in many readers was delighted, if the adult skeptical, when Bob Dylan took home last year's Nobel in literature. There was further skepticism when it was learned that Dylan apparently plagiarized some of his acceptance speech from SparkNotes.
This year there will not be that sort of bickering: Kazuo Ishiguro, who was born in Japan and raised in England, is a safe choice — he has been a blue-chip literary stock for nearly four decades — but a formidable and not uninteresting one.
Ishiguro is an artist of restraint and equipoise. None of his novels is the same as the last, yet he has achieved over the course of his career a remarkable consistency of effect.
He creates worlds that are clear in a sentence-by-sentence way, but in which the big picture recedes against the horizon. His novels are about discovery and revelation, and how slowly they arrive even for the most meticulous observer.
Ishiguro is best known for his third novel, "The Remains of the Day" (1989), which is related from the perspective of Stevens, a punctilious English butler. A teacup of strong Earl Grey, it won the Booker Prize and was made into an indelible film with Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.
It escaped no one's notice that an immigrant to England had written the most moving, witty, ironic and — British — book of its time. Ishiguro's fluid command of Stevens' idiom never faltered.
"The great butlers are great by virtue of their ability to inhabit their professional role and inhabit it to the utmost," Stevens tells us. "They will not be shaken out by external events, however surprising, alarming or vexing. They wear their professionalism as a decent gentleman will wear his suit: he will not let ruffians or circumstance tear it off him in the public gaze; he will discard it when, and only when, he wills to do so, and this will invariably be when he is entirely alone." Stevens' sang-froid was matched by Ishiguro's own.
Ishiguro — his friends call him Ish — became a public figure in 1989, but to anyone paying attention he seemed to have arrived fully formed as a writer. His excellent first two novels, "A Pale View of Hills" (1982) and "An Artist of the Floating World" (1986), were set in Japan. One turns to "A Pale View of Hills" today and realizes how resonant it is from its first sentences:
"Nikki, the name we finally gave my younger daughter, is not an abbreviation; it was a compromise I reached with her father. For paradoxically it was he who wanted to give her a Japanese name, and I — perhaps out of some selfish desire not to be reminded of the past — insisted on an English one." The book's tone never slips.
Riyadh — The Ministry of Health (MOH) reported three new Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) cases over the weekend and two deaths, while the World Health Organization (WHO) released details on 17 cases of MERS, noting that a small healthcare-associated outbreak in Buraidah was officially over.
On Saturday, the MOH said an 80-year-old Saudi man from Al-Asyah was diagnosed as having MERS-CoV illness.
He is in stable condition after presenting with symptoms of the virus. The MOH said that the man had direct contact with camels.
On Monday another patient, a 71-year-old Saudi man from Al-Makhwah, was also diagnosed with MERS-CoV after having direct contact with camels.
He is currently in critical condition. Also on Monday, a 53-year-old Saudi man from Khayabar was listed in critical condition.
The source of his infection is listed as primary, meaning he did not contract the disease from another person.
On Friday, the MOH reported the passing of two previously reported MERS-CoV patients: A 59-year-old Saudi man from Turubah and a 60-year-old expatriate man from Makkah.
The newly reported cases raise the country's MERS total to 1,557 cases, including 648 deaths. Eight patients are still being treated for the disease.
Late last Friday the WHO released details on 17 cases of MERS reported between Jan 10 and Feb 3 in Saudi Arabia. Four of the patients died.
Nine of the 17 cases reported were linked to camel exposure, a known risk factor for contracting the disease.
Camels are reservoirs for the virus, and direct and indirect contact with camels, including drinking raw camel milk, has been implicated in hundreds of the Saudi cases reported since 2012. All but two of the nine cases reported consuming raw camel milk in the weeks prior to infection.
Whether you've dreamt of a career in politics, hoping to someday make a significant difference in your community, or are just a big fan of Barack Obama, look no further, because a select group of 20 applicants will now have the opportunity to work alongside the former commander in chief.
On Thursday, the former president took to Instagram to encourage politically-minded individuals to apply to his Obama Foundation Fellowship Program. The two-year program seeks to help future leaders work through hot public issues in innovative ways, with governmental institutions and beyond traditional establishments.
"When I left office, I told you all that the single most important thing I could do would be to help prepare the next generation of leaders to take their own crack at changing the world," Obama captioned the post.
When I left office, I told you all that the single most important thing I could do would be to help prepare the next generation of leaders to take their own crack at changing the world. The @ObamaFoundation Fellows program is looking to do just that -- train and support civic innovators who are solving problems in their communities in creative and powerful ways. Apply to join our inaugural class of twenty Fellows by Friday, October 6th: www.Obama.org/Fellowship A post shared by Barack Obama (@barackobama) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:39am PDT
He continued: "The @ObamaFoundation Fellows program is looking to do just that—train and support civic innovators who are solving problems in their communities in creative and powerful ways. Apply to join our inaugural class of twenty Fellows by Friday, October 6th: http://www.Obama.org/Fellowship ."
And while the fellowship might not take you to the White House, it does promise to open up a wide window of opportunities.
RELATED: Michelle Obama Tears Up as Barack Surprises Her with an Anniversary Tribute
The Obama Foundation website states, "Fellows will also participate in four multi-day gatherings where they will collaborate with each other, connect with potential partners, and collectively push their work forward. Throughout the program, each Fellow will pursue a personalized plan to leverage Fellowship resources to take their work to the next level."
If this sounds like your dream job, send in your application—answers to a few short questions and a minute-long video that details why you are the ideal candidate—by October 6, 2017 before 6 p.m. CT.
Learn more about making your application stand out here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Briton's blood runs cold at the thought of a boiler breakdown in winter.
It topped a list of adults' 50 greatest fears and was followed by not having enough savings...and not getting enough sleep.
The health-conscious were also troubled by the prospect of an avocado shortage.
A poll of 2002 over-18s by UAccount.uk showed internet age concerns such being hacked and sending a raunchy message to your parents meant for your partner made the list.
These were alongside more long established fears - such as paying the mortgage, needing a filling and unplanned pregnancy.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
General money worries, and slack managing of finances, featured heavily.
More than half of ­Millennials aged 25 to 34 admitted to spending beyond their means with 27% landing in the red each week.
Almost half did not check their bank account for a month.
And when it comes to contactless payments, more than six in 10 Millennials tap and go with no idea of how much cash is in their account.
Four in 10 owned up to having their bank card rejected in the last month.
The top 50 fears of a modern adult Poll of 2,002 UK adults aged 18+ 1) Boiler breaking down in winter 2) Having insufficient savings 3) Not getting enough sleep 4) Not being able to pay mortgage/bills 5) Running out of petrol in the middle of nowhere 6) Needing a filling at the dentist 7) Alarm not going off 8) Being late for work 9) Losing passport just before a holiday 10) Going overdrawn 11) Being told you have bad breath 12) Having to make small talk at a party 13) Ending a relationship 14) Being asked an awkward question in an interview 15) Forgetting to bring your phone charger 16) Website crashing when you're trying to buy a ticket 17) Having a bad credit rating 18) Losing signal on an important call 19) Buying an item that goes into sale the next week 20) Finding out what you said/did after a few drinks 21) Being single forever 22) Getting dumped 23) Having a bad hair day 24) Losing phone battery 25) Checking bank balance before payday 26) Having social media account hacked 27) Unplanned pregnancy 28) Bumping into an ex 29) Being stood up on a date 30) Not being able to get on the property ladder 31) Asking for a pay rise at work 32) Realising you've had food in your teeth/beard all day 33) FOMO (Fear of missing out) 34) Leaving the hair straighteners on at home 35) Not understanding new memes/slang 36) Accidentally liking something when social media stalking 37) Uncertainty around what is PC and what isn't 38) Not achieving any of the traditional life milestones by 30 39) Wearing the same outfit as someone else 40) Autocorrect fails 41) Getting ‘catfished' (someone online lying about who they are) 42) Getting ghosted 43) Being asked who you voted for in the election 44) Not having enough time to gym 45) Accidentally sending a raunchy message meant for your partner to your parents 46) Bumping into your boss on a night out 47) Going over daily calorie count with a glass of beer/wine 48) Not getting any social media likes 49) Fast food chain running out of your usual order 50) An avocado shortage
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
But Millenials were not the only “sinners.”
The figures show 39% of Brits do not know the dates that their direct debits and bills come out of their bank account.
Alex Letts, CEO of UAccount.uk, said: “Many turn a blind eye to their financial ­situations because they feel they're not in control of them.
“For millions of us, managing our money to make it last until payday is a continuous challenge and one that can put enormous strain on our mental health.”
Dreads linked to love lives were there in abundance.
These included ending a ­relationship, being single forever, getting dumped, bumping
into an ex and being stood up
Amid Aid Uncertainty, U.S. Counterterrorism Cooperation Continues In Africa
Enlarge this image toggle caption Derek Hamilton/Courtesy of U.S. Army Derek Hamilton/Courtesy of U.S. Army
Along the Chari and Logone rivers separating Cameroon from Chad's capital, four flat-bottomed boats, mounted with machine guns, brimming with Chadian and other special forces, round the curve as they approach the riverbank.
Forming an assault force, heavily armed soldiers leap out of the vessels and race up a slope to take up positions while backup forces have their machine guns at the ready.
It's all part of a military exercise that simulates going after a high-value target – a leader from the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram insurgency, who's taken up residence in a huddle of huts on the far side of the riverfront, a terrorist safe haven. The assault force demonstrates crucial military steps before capturing and eliminating him.
Three weeks of U.S.-led counterterrorism exercises, known as Flintlock 2017, ended last month in Chad, which, along with surrounding countries, has been targeted for the past eight years in deadly violence by Boko Haram. The Flintlock exercises take place each year in a different African country.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Boko Haram's uprising began in northeastern Nigeria, to the west of Chad, and has spilled over its borders, killing thousands of people and driving almost 3 million from their homes across the region. The war left a humanitarian catastrophe in its wake.
The Trump administration's budget blueprint pledges to boost U.S. military spending by 10 percent — but also promises deep cuts in foreign aid. It's not yet clear what that might mean for U.S. counterterrorism efforts here or elsewhere in Africa, though the White House has boosted the U.S. military's authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al-Shabaab militants linked to al-Qaida.
At the same time, the U.S. — the biggest donor to the United Nations — is making the case for cuts in U.N. funding and wants to see changes in U.N. peacekeeping operations, most of which take place in Africa.
"We need to show results," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said earlier this month. "We need to find value."
Support for foreign nations' counterterrorism efforts, as opposed to big American deployments, were a key tool of the Obama administration. Last year, the U.S. gave $156 million for military support, training and border security in the region straddling Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, known as the Lake Chad Basin. The military officer in charge of Flintlock 2017, Brig. Gen. Donald Bolduc, has called this region "Ground Zero" when it comes to fighting extremism in Africa.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Bolduc, the Special Operations commander in Africa, says for now, the U.S. military is continuing to pursue its objectives.
But the prospect of aid cuts worries many, as the region's humanitarian situation risks deteriorating. The U.N. warns there is a risk of famine in Nigeria's northeast, exacerbating a humanitarian disaster that has already seen children, especially those under the age of 5, dying of malnutrition, hunger and starvation.
The U.S. has given more than $321 million since last year to help those in the Lake Chad Basin, including more than $175 million in emergency food aid.
"Our assistance to this area is critical for promoting stability," said Matt Nims of the U.S. Agency for International Development, speaking at a House subcommittee hearing earlier this month.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of U.S. Army Courtesy of U.S. Army
'The military can't do it by itself'
U.S. special operations troops don't typically deploy in large numbers to help African security forces work together and fight Boko Haram, but local officials say they're useful in serving as the glue that helps everything stick together. For Flintlock 2017, forces from 27 countries took part at seven training sites across west and central Africa.
"Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger – unfortunately, the entire region, we are facing the same reality," said Cameroonian police commander Gilbert Nagassou, in charge of the border post at Kousseri, just across the river separating Chad and Cameroon. "That's why we must join forces and together confront terrorism."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
When it comes to fighting Boko Haram's threats to the Lake Chad Basin, "The military can't do it by itself," Bolduc told NPR in Ndjamena, Chad's capital. "Regionalize all the efforts, work closely together in an effective military construct ... and then bring in the police, the civil administration, religious leaders and include anybody working to bring the stability necessary to the local villages."
A U.S. special forces commander involved in Flintlock, who asked that his name be withheld for security reasons, says the challenges shouldn't be underestimated.
"We have a regional issue of Boko Haram, [which] easily exploits the seams between international boundaries – especially when you have something like a river way that separates two nations," he says. "And they currently use islands in this pretty broad [Chari and Logone] river to hide out in. It's an easy area to have ungoverned and hard to police and patrol."
Members of U.S. military and, for the first time, law enforcement agencies are working with African security forces to enhance their techniques, said Billy Alfano, a special agent with the State Department's law enforcement arm, the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "Interoperability" – groups and forces working well together — is the current buzzword.
"It's critical for our African partner nations to work together and more and more important for police to collaborate with the military, to conduct joint investigations and to truly counter the terrorism threat in the region, with law enforcement in those communities," Alfano said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Law enforcement agents are often first responders after an attack, he explained, so training them in forensics and skills like fingerprinting also helps "attack the terrorist network."
Alfano said this year's more broadly focused exercises reflected an emphasis on governance and rule of law, "making a transition from a military-controlled area to training the police to more effectively take over when the military has moved on."
And there was what he called "a mass migration training," to teach rural communities how to respond to potential terrorists who may cross porous borders where large numbers of people are already traveling.
Cross-border cooperation
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
During Flintlock, training scenarios involved agents from across the region simulating the aftermath of a terrorist bombing, as well as chasing and apprehending hostage-taking terrorist suspects.
"Terrorism knows no boundaries or borders," warned Nagassou, the Cameroonian police commander. Deadly Boko Haram bomb blasts and suicide bombing raids have targeted all four countries battling the terrorist network, he said.
"Boko Haram has pledged allegiance to Islamic State," he said, "so geographic frontiers mean nothing to this group or other terrorist networks and their regional allies. Borders are simply a joke to them — they have connections and communications."
Terrorists, he said, easily slip across.
"If there's intelligence from Nigeria and it's relayed to Chad, then Cameroon must also be made aware," said Nagassou. "And Niger also needs to be informed, so that together we can nip Boko Haram's nefarious plans in the bud and stop them attacking our people."
Battle-hardened Chadian special forces are already familiar with this problem. For the past few years, they've been taking on Boko Haram extremists since violence spread across the border from northeastern Nigeria. They also were a critical force that helped end the occupation of northern Mali by al-Qaida-linked extremist fighters in 2013.
"Chadian military history has demonstrated our experience and know-how. It's not today that the Chadian army is learning how to capture and destroy the enemy. Chadian forces are used to pursue Boko Haram," said Lt. Col. Brahim Mahamat Dahab, Chad's chief of staff for the Flintlock 2017 exercises.
He says the river scenario assault force exercise shows that Chad is capable of working with Americans, Italians "and the military from any given country, as well as our neighbors, reinforcing capacity. That's what we want to demonstrate. We need to share that knowledge with others who are also fighting Boko Haram," Brahim told NPR passionately.
Back on the banks of the Chari-Logone river in the Chadian capital, the assault force exercise ends and the Boko Haram leader is captured. Amid a hail of protective gunfire, the special operations forces head back down toward the boats speed off down the river. Mission accomplished.
For this raid, a textbook success: the same way they hope a real-life operation would end. With the exercise over, the group whoops with satisfaction and relief.
Jimmy Kimmel's crew provided us with a new edition of “Mean Tweets: NFL Edition”. They didn't show any of Tom Brady!!! Especially the mean ones I tweet!!! LOL!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spandau Ballet have replaced frontman Tony Hadley with a singer half his age – who starred as Elvis Presley in the West End.
And Ross William Wild, 30, is sure to thrill the group's fans even more with an Instagram full of naked selfies.
The Million Dollar Quartet star, who appeared on stage alongside bandmate Martin Kemp, will be announced at a gig to launch their “new chapter”, called: “The next line.”
Tony, 57, quit the group last year.
A source said: “Ross has a fantastic voice and got on well with Martin, so it hasn't taken him long to get welcomed into the fold – they all think he's great.
(Image: Rex Features)
“He'll join them on live dates later this year, and there is new music.
“They're hoping Ross will help them win over new fans as well as being a welcome addition to their fanbase.”
Next week's debut gig at Subterania nightclub in West London takes place two days before Tony's solo album is out, and the group are set to make TV appearances on the day of the release.
Tony cited “circumstances beyond my control” when he announced his departure, which the band's Steve Norman later called “bulls***”.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
The band, who had a No1 hit with True in 1983, split in 1990 when Tony along with Steve and drummer John Keeble unsuccessfully tried to sue songwriter Gary Kemp over royalties.
The group reunited in 2009 and in 2014 for a tour the next year.
Ross has also starred in raunchy 2011 film Downing, where he has sex scenes with a woman and a man.
Netflix has been killing it with their original Marvel superhero shows, so why not add more? Netflix has announced that it has ordered 10 episodes of Raising Dion, a superhero family drama based on the independent comic book series by writer-director Dennis Liu. It was also announced that the series will be produced by Michael B. Jordan.
Michael B. Jordan in another superhero production, 'Black Panther' [Credit: Walt Disney Studios]
This show will be very different than other superhero-based shows on Netflix, as it will feature a single mother, Nicole, as she attempts to raise her son Dion as he develops numerous powers and abilities. Nicole must teach Dion's how to use his powers safely, all while keeping these powers hidden from the public.
Cindy Holland, Netflix's VP of original content, had the following to say of the new series:
We haven't seen this type of superhero story before — an origin myth full of imagination, wonder and adventure, all grounded in the experiences of a modern single mother.
Michael B. Jordan will not only be the executive producer of #RaisingDion, but will also play Nicole's late husband Mark. Jordan is no stranger to superhero films, as he portrayed Johnny Storm in the 2015 reboot of Fantastic Four and will portray Erik Killmonger in the upcoming Marvel film Black Panther. Carol Barbee has joined the series as the showrunner, and she will also be penning the first episode of the show, which is set to be directed by Liu himself.
Regarding the Netflix deal, Liu stated:
I started this project many years ago because I wanted to see more diverse representation on film and television and I'm excited to partner with Netflix, who I know shares that commitment. More than ever, we need more stories told from different points of view and my hope with Raising Dion is to create a cinematic experience for all families that will lift your spirits and make you laugh and cry.
Lui also wrote and directed a short film based on Raising Dion back in 2015. It'll be exciting to see how he handles the series now that he will be working with a bigger budget. It is currently unknown if any of the same actors who took part in the short film will return for the Netflix series.
Although Netflix has ordered a 10-episode first season of Raising Dion, no release date has been announced.
In the meantime, here's Liu's short film from 2015 to hold you over. Are you excited about a Netflix adaptation Raising Dion? Leave your comments below!
(Source: Variety)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republicans' ardor for investigations and oversight, on display throughout the Obama administration, has cooled off considerably with Donald Trump in the White House.
Each day seems to bring a new headache or near-crisis from Trump, the latest being the departure of his national security adviser under questionable circumstances involving Russia.
Yet if there is a line too far, at which point Republicans will feel duty-bound to call for an independent investigation of their president or his administration, Trump hasn't crossed it yet.
Democrats are clamoring for a full-scale probe of the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, including demanding to know what Trump knew, and when, about Flynn's pre-inauguration conversations with a Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions. White House press secretary Sean Spicer disclosed that Trump was told in late January that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence about those conversations.
Advertisement
Rather than go along with Democrats' call for an independent outside investigation, Senate Republicans insisted Tuesday that the Intelligence Committee could look at the circumstances as part of an existing probe into Russia's interference in the presidential election.
“The Intelligence Committee is already looking at Russian involvement in our election and they have broad jurisdiction over the intel community writ large and they can look at whatever they choose to,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., adding that “it's highly likely they'd want to take a look at this episode as well.”
The intelligence panel's chairman, Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina, told reporters that “aggressive” oversight would continue “privately. We don't do that in public.”
House Republicans were even less interested, with some shrugging off Democrats' calls for an investigation entirely. Rep. Devin Nunes of California, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said that the “real crime” is how Flynn's phone conversations were leaked, echoing a complaint Trump himself made over Twitter.
“I think the situation has taken care of itself” in light of Flynn's resignation, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters. That's a far different stance toward potential wrongdoing by the executive branch than Chaffetz took last year, when House Republicans issued more than 70 letters and subpoenas aimed at investigating Democrat Hillary Clinton over a period of less than three months after the FBI announced criminal charges weren't warranted related to her use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Chaffetz did turn his attention to a different Trump administration matter later Tuesday, sending a letter to the White House seeking information about Trump's discussion of a North Korea missile launch while dining al fresco with the Japanese prime minister at a resort in Florida.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., went so far as to counsel publicly against spending too much time investigating the White House, saying that doing so could only be counterproductive at a moment when the GOP faces a daunting legislative agenda on Capitol Hill.
“I just don't think it's useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party,” Paul said in an appearance on Fox News Radio's “Kilmeade and Friends.” ”We'll never even get started with doing the things we need to do like repealing Obamacare if we're spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense.”
The relatively hands-off stance of the GOP toward the Trump White House angers Democrats, who are powerless to do much except fume from the minority in both chambers of Congress.
“Do you hear the silence? This is the sound of House Republicans conducting no oversight of President Trump. Zero,” Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, top Democrat on the Oversight Committee, complained at a news conference Tuesday. “That is what it sounds like when they abdicate their duty under the Constitution. We've been asking for months for basic oversight.”
The GOP's lack of enthusiasm about investigating the Trump White House comes as Capitol Hill Republicans struggle to come to terms with a new administration that has been engulfed in upheaval after upheaval. Republicans are trying to focus on their agenda despite the distractions. And for now, they appear to have concluded, going easy on Trump is the best way to achieve their goals, including confirming a Supreme Court justice and passing a new health care law and other legislation they want the president to sign.
“We know full well that there are issues that are going to come up on a daily basis that we're going to get asked about and have to respond to,” said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican, “but we're interested in repealing and replacing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, reducing the regulatory burden on businesses, confirming a Supreme Court justice, getting these Cabinet nominees through — that's what our agenda is right now.”
News Brief: 2 Trump Executive Orders, Pence In Japan, Sears In Trouble
Audio will be available later today.
President Trump plans to sign 2 orders on "Hire American" and "Buy American." Vice President Pence meets with Japan's prime minister after Trump targeted Japan for its huge trade surplus with the U.S.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke has confirmed the club had an offer accepted for Yeovil Town forward Otis Khan, however the player chose to remain with the Glovers.
Yeovil boss Darren Way confirmed earlier this month that Khan's release clause had been met and he was free to talk to clubs.
But on Tuesday this week, Way was confident of keeping hold of the 22-year-old who has scored 10 goals in 37 matches for the League Two side this season.
Speaking after the deadline passed, Rovers boss Clarke said: "Obviously when Kyle [Bennett] fell through initially, we worked on Otis Khan.
"A fee was agreed, but the lad wanted to stay at Yeovil. So, all the best to him, that's football.
"I can name hundreds potentially who we looked at and think about it. I would be sat here ages telling you about the phone calls and talking to see what it's all about.
"I'm pleased with the business we've done."
Khan was believed to be in demand throughout January with Luton Town also rumoured to be interested in securing the forward's. signature.
The youngster is currently serving a five-match ban for pushing the referee during Yeovil's 2-1 defeat to Chesterfield on January 20.
Khan missed the FA Cup tie with Manchester United as a result.
Rovers did bring in an attacking player eventually, announcing the signing of Kyle Bennett as a free agent on Thursday morning, following his release from Portsmouth.
While defender Tony Craig also joins the Gas via a similar route having left Millwall earlier this week.
The two new signings join Rovers' other new boy Bernard Mensah to make it three new faces at Bristol Rovers in 2018.
Go-go — Washington D.C.'s regional twist on funk — reigned in the DMV during the 1980s, and one of the scene's signature acts was Trouble Funk. More than 30 years later, the collective, led by Big Tony Fisher, still fills sold-out venues with heavyweight percussion and call-and-response lyrics. Trouble Funk concerts are bona fide jam sessions, so I was determined to squeeze their unrelenting rhythms behind the Tiny Desk.
With 12 members sandwiched into a cramped space, the electricity was almost tangible as they launched into the 1982 banger "Pump Me Up," a song sampled in Public Enemy's protest anthem "Fight the Power" and M/A/R/R/S's dance classic "Pump Up The Volume." The drum breaks here are definitive go-go and it was hard to discern who was having more fun: the band or the audience. On "Grip It," buoyant and staccato horn melodies propelled the song forward, while "Let's Get Small" featured Trouble Funk's classic call-and-response chants. "Drop the Bomb," another notable gem from their lengthy discography, kept the energy level high and "Don't Touch That Stereo" was all raw, unencumbered funk. To conclude the set, they segued into "E Flat Boogie," their first hit in 1979, with Big Tony's vocals front and center.
While the late Chuck Brown is often acknowledged as the godfather of go-go (and you can see why during his Tiny Desk), Trouble Funk was a key part of the sound's second wave. In a city often interrupted by the transient revolving door of government officials and federal staffers, the funky artform is woven into the fabric of this city and inspires a spirit of dance, rhythm and sheer joy.
Set List
"Pump Me Up"
"Grip It"
"Let's Get Small"
"Drop The Bomb"
"It's In The mix" (Don't Touch That Stereo)"
"E-Flat Boogie"
Musicians
Big Tony Fisher (bass), Allyson Johnson (keyboards), James Avery (keyboards), Tony Edwards (drums), Chris Allen (percussion), Larry Blake (percussion), Dean Harris (trumpet), Eric Silvan (saxophone), Paul Phifer (trombone), Derrick Ward (vocals), Keith White (vocals), David Gussom (guitar).
Credits
Producers: Abby O'Neill, Morgan Noelle Smith; Creative Director: Bob Boilen; Audio Engineers: Josh Rogosin, James Willetts; Videographers: Morgan Noelle Smith, CJ Riculan, Maia Stern, Dani Lyman; Production Assistant: Joshua Bote; Photo: Eslah Attar/NPR.
There is a distinctly international flavour to a colourful selection of new books this Christmas from the rather aptly named Gecko Press.
Based in Wellington, New Zealand, Gecko Press is an independent publisher of ‘curiously good' children's books and is on a mission to translate works by some of the world's best writers and illustrators. By championing eclectic stories, rich in language and illustration and with a strong ‘heart factor,' it aims to encourage children to love to read.
Age 5 plus:
Impossible Inventions: Ideas that shouldn't work by Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski
Let your children revel in the power of the imagination with some amazing and oddball inventions that many of us have never even heard of!
Polish author and illustration team, Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski, have put together this entertaining and creative fully illustrated book which uncovers 28 extraordinary patented inventions that never saw the light of day.
Some are revolutionary, some are extraordinary and some are downright oddball and comical but each one testifies to the remarkable imagination of their inventor.
Marvel at Leonardo da Vinci, the 15th century artist who invented an elevator, a tank, a helicopter, a pair of shoes for walking on water but was considered to be just a dreamer, yet today is recognised as a genius way ahead of his time.
And have fun discovering other inventions like a flying bicycle, a bubble messenger, passenger clouds and passenger birds, a robotic chess master, a concentration helmet and many more astonishing – and almost impossible – ideas.
This brilliant book, which includes ideas ancient and modern, revolutionary and comical, is simply brimming with witty, richly coloured illustrations and concise, fully accessible descriptions and will hopefully inspire a new generation of youngsters to get inventing themselves!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £14.99)
Age 5 plus:
Wolfy by Grégoire Solotareff
With over a million copies sold in its original French edition, Wolfy is an enduring and endearing story about a rabbit and a wolf who want to be best friends.
Wolfy is a beautiful story about the youthful innocence of friendship, full of fun and humour and featuring prolific author and illustrator Grégoire Solotareff's world class artwork with dramatic perspectives and warm characters.
Once upon a time there was a rabbit who had never seen a wolf, and a young wolf who had never seen a rabbit. The pair meet and become good friends. Tom the rabbit teaches the wolf to play marbles, read, count and fish. Wolfy teaches Tom to run very, very fast. But eventually their friendship is tested by the classic game, Who's afraid of the big bad wolf? Can the little rabbit and the young wolf remain the best of friends after playing such a scary game?
Beautifully offbeat, gorgeously illustrated and with an uplifting message about friendship, diversity, understanding and loyalty, this is a warm and wise book which will delight both youngsters and their parents.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 5 plus:
Follow Finn: A Search-and-Find Maze Book by Peter Goes
Everyone likes a challenge and children will be raring to go when they open the pages of this magnificent search-and-find book of mazes and puzzles from Peter Goes, Belgian illustrator and author of international bestseller Timeline.
Readers can follow adventurer Finn through the story while completing the super search-and-find mazes and exciting puzzles.
Finn wakes up with a start. Goblins are on the loose and the house are in uproar! When they flee, Finn's dog Sep follows so Finn quickly gathers his clothes to join the chase… but can he find his way through this fabulous fantasy world?
Each spread in this exquisitely drawn book is packed with detail, and the text gives the reader tasks along with telling the story…help Finn gather his clothes, find a mouse, three bulls and five rabbits, work out the right keys for the right lock, and locate the beginning and end of each maze.
The busy, highly detailed, two-tone illustrations make the book a thrilling challenge for youngsters as they follow Finn on his magical, mystery-packed tour which is guaranteed to keep youngsters absorbed and entertained for hours.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 3 plus:
Good Night Sleep Tight by Kristina Andres
Award-winning German artist Kristina Andres works her special magic in a beautiful read-aloud book featuring 11½ goodnight stories from friends fox and hare who help each other get to sleep… sometimes!
Full of heartwarming stories of friendship, fun and life in the country, this is a gorgeous hardback, gift book and the enchanting stories are destined to become a family favourite.
Fox and Rabbit live quite far away in a bright little house beyond the molehills. If they can't sleep, they count the goodnights (335 in total) and when they wish each other a goodnight, the rustling pear tree, the raspberries and the stars join in. But sometimes when they can't sleep, they do outrageous things like swing on the light shades, jump from the wardrobe on to the mattress and invent new words and ways of saying goodnight. But whichever way they get to sleep, they are always best friends.
The perfect wind-down book for reading at bedtime… it might even help to send little ones off to sleep!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £12.99)
Age 3 plus:
The Longest Breakfast by Jenny Bornholdt and Sarah Wilkins
What is the best meal of the day? It has to be breakfast!
Young readers will be hungry to feast their eyes on this warm-hearted, fun-filled and riotous picture book romp about the best – and busiest –meal of the day from top New Zealand duo, poet Jenny Bornholdt and illustrator Sarah Wilkins.
The baby wants breakfast so kind-hearted Malcolm gets out of bed to get started. Then in comes Toby. And Una and Toto, then Alice… they are all hungry too. And then Conrad and his sister Ruby arrive from next door in search of breakfast. Malcolm is rushed off his feet now because everyone wants to eat something different. But who is taking notice of the baby?
The Longest Breakfast is a fun story full of recognisable scenes from family life and with an adorable baby at the centre. Every parent will relate to the kindly Malcolm as he tries to handle all the requests for food while children will love following the joke that is hidden in the illustrations.
And with a brilliant twist in the ending, this is a book that children will want to return to time and time again!
(Gecko Press, paperback, £7.99)
Age one plus:
Bim Bam Boom by Frédéric Stehr
Here's a colourful and playful board book that will have your little music maestros dancing for joy!
Bim Bam Boom – the work of French illustrator Frédéric Stehr – captures the addictive delight of making music with anything to hand as well as celebrating the all-too-familiar cheekiness of a typical toddler.
A pot and two wooden spoons… bim, bam, a little owl is making music! Canary, sparrow, chick and raven join her to create sound and rhythm with a selection of pots and pans, two saucepan lids, a bowl and a ladle. Boom, boom. What ARE you all doing? asks Big Owl. It seems this kind of tin-pan music isn't for everyone.
Full of quirky characters, energy and naughtiness, Bim Bam Boom is a symphony of fun and frolics, and little ones will love following the flock of noisy birds right up to the delightful twist in the tail!
(Gecko Press, board book, £7.99)
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of at least seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with eight counts of first degree murder for the deaths of men with ties to the city's gay village.
Investigators say they began excavating the home's backyard in January, but nothing was found.
The BC Lions crashed an aquafit class in Kamloops this week
If you like their moves on the field you'll be delighted with what they bring to the pool.
The BC Lions held their annual training camp in Kamloops this past week, but what was different about this year was an impromptu team workout session.
The football players piled into the pool at the Canadian Games Aquatic Centre for a little aquafit workout.
Several members of the Lions were filmed splashing about after taking a break from their training at Hillside Stadium.
Players also invited members of the public to attend their club's 2018 FanFest, last weekend, where those big and small had a chance to watch a practice and meet the Lions.
The team will be in Kamloops until June 7 for training.
Like the moves you saw in the pool? Wait til you see what we do at @bcplace! 😎🏈 And for our 65th season, we have an AMAZING HOME OPENER Deal! 2 🎟🎟
2🌭🌭
2🍺🍺or 🥤🥤 For JUST $65! BE THERE 👉🏻https://t.co/XFhygNkANH pic.twitter.com/8lWVvof5eu — BC Lions (@BCLions) May 30, 2018
@Jen_zee
jen.zielinski@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
© Government of Trentino
© Government of Trentino
© Government of Trentino
As much as 130 mm of rain fell in under 4 hours on 03 July in the town of Moena and surrounding areas in the province of Trentino, northern Italy.Authorities pre-emptively evacuated around 50 people from their homes in Moena and areas near San Pellegerino. Safe accommodation was provided in a local school.Roads were closed in 4 locations around Soraga, Moena and San Pellegerino.Trentino Civil Defense said that radar images showed that an area of 6 km radius around the town of Moena received about 130 mm of rain between 14:00 and 18:00 on 03 July, 2018. Other areas of the province also saw severe weather, including thunderstorms, lightning strikes and strong winds.
PAGASA is also monitoring a tropical depression outside the Philippine Area of Responsibility
Published 9:20 PM, July 04, 2018
What's the weather like in your area? Report the situation through Rappler's Agos or tweet us at @rapplerdotcom.
MANILA, Philippines – The southwest monsoon will continue to affect parts of Luzon and the Visayas on Thursday, July 5.
In a bulletin issued 4 pm on Wednesday, July 4, state weather bureau PAGASA said Palawan, Oriental Mindoro, Occidental Mindoro, and Western Visayas will have light to heavy rain. These provinces should be on alert for possible flash floods and landslides.
The rest of the country will also have isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms, which may trigger flash floods and landslides, too. (READ: FAST FACTS: Tropical cyclones, rainfall advisories)
Meanwhile, PAGASA is still monitoring a tropical depression located outside the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR).
This tropical depression is already 2,235 kilometers east of the Visayas, slowly moving west northwest.
It has strengthened and now has maximum winds of 60 kilometers per hour (km/h) from the previous 45 km/h and gustiness of up to 75 km/h from the previous 60 km/h.
PAGASA said the tropical depression might enter PAR either on Sunday, July 8, or Monday, July 9. If it does enter PAR, it would be given the local name Gardo.
Further updates on the tropical depression will be given in the coming days.
PAGASA had declared the start of the rainy season last June 8. – Rappler.com
Reigning badass boss Serena Williams has been a professional tennis champ for nearly 23 years, earning 39 (!) Grand Slam titles throughout her impressive career.
As of 2018, Williams has earned an estimated $85 million in prize money—which, of course, is not the extent of her earnings. In addition to actual tennis play, the 36-year-old profits from numerous endorsement deals, which have included Nike, Gatorade, Delta Air Lines, Aston Martin, Pepsi, Beats by Dre, OPI, IBM, and Chase Bank.
ANGELA WEISS/Getty Images
The fashionable Williams is also financially buoyed by several product lines, including an HSN collection called Signature Statement, a collaboration with HairTech, self-titled apparel line “Serena,” and a forthcoming beauty brand called Aneres (Serena backwards), which was formerly the title of a since discontinued fashion line she began in 2004.
On top of that (yes, there's more), Serena and her sister Venus own a minority stake in the Miami Dolphins, and are also the co-authors of a memoir called Serving From The Hip: 10 Rules For Living, Loving and Winning. Serena's authored several books of her own, as well, including My Life: Queen of the Court.
RELATED: Did Serena Williams Wear Ice Skating Tights While Playing in 80-Degree Weather at Wimbledon?
Oh, and as a fitting final piece of her empire, she's also a familiar face in the entertainment industry, scoring gigs like her high-profile cameo in Beyonce's “Sorry” music video and guest roles in My Wife and Kids, ER, Law & Order: SVU, and Drop Dead Diva.
So, all in all, what is a legacy like Williams's worth? According to celebritynetworth.com, Serena's valued at $180 million—which, wow, but also, it's Serena Williams, so we can't be too surprised.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Christmas countdown is on, and the pressure to find that all important gift for your mum/sister/wife/girlfriend is probably weighing on your mind.
However, kick starting your Christmas shopping doesn't have to be a pain-filled weekend, trawling around your local high street or shopping centre lugging an armful of heavy bags.
Why not opt to get everything you need online? With most major retailer's offering gift wrapping, nominated day delivery or click and collect from store - it's a no-brainer option for those short on time over the festive period.
Even for those who have left it to the last minute, there is still time to pick up gifts - check last Christmas order dates for all major retailers and Christmas postal dates to ensure everything arrives just in the nick of time.
For everything else, check out our handy present guides on gifts for him , gifts for kids , Secret Santa and even Christmas hamper ideas for foodies.
And for her, here's our favourite picks below.
(Image: Handout)
Snow Fairy is Lush's finest, candy sweet creation, and it comes out every year. If she's had it before, she'll probably want it again, and if she hasn't, we don't actually think you can go wrong.
This dazzling (and very pink) box includes a shower gel, bubble bar shower wand, body conditioner and a jelly bomb for the best bathtime on earth.
(Image: Handout)
What was once a tipple beloved by grandmas is now the world's fastest-growing artisan spirit.
In this book (that's perfect for gin lovers), booze-enthusiast Dan Jones teaches you how to select gin from the top international brands, stock your home bar like a pro and supercharge your poison with the help from one of the 40 best cocktail recipes inside.
Learn how to master the zingy G&T staple to how to concoct a crowd-pleasing Dickens' Hot Gin Punch or, if you're feeling wild, an X-rated Naked Peach.
A home can never have too many candles, but what about a luxury scented diffuser, too? This Monsoon Home gift set combines the two, to bring a warm, woody scent to your home.
Each fragrance combines guaiacwood, patchouli and cedar - together with a hit of spice for Christmas.
(Image: Handout)
This gorgeous duo includes a chic kimono wrap shirt with coordinating trousers, both in a beautiful wintry burgundy hue.
Alternatively, you can pick it up in a deep plum for the same price.
(Image: Handout)
If you really want to go all out, we're spotted this gorgeous watch and bangle set from DKNY down from £185 to £129.50.
The set features a chic watch with a silver sunray dial with gold-tone accents, a polished stainless-steel case and a half-bangle bracelet.
It also includes three metallic bracelets in stainless-steel, black IP, and gold-tone plating, perfect for stacking with the watch for a night out.
For beautiful silver jewellery, you can't go wrong with Pandora, and this iconic circle necklace is perfect for night and day wear.
If it's fizz you want to invest in, Lanson has just launched a new limited edition bottle, that comes in a delightful singing box.
All she has to do is open the gift to reveal the bottle, pop her smartphone on top, and it'll then get started with a very merry tune!
And, after it's finished, the musical gift box can be re-purposed, to play your music on your smartphone, anytime, anywhere.
This limited edition gift comes in black and pink from Selfridges; or in white from Sainsbury's.
(Image: Handout)
Marks & Spencer's limited edition nail gift set features eight bold and beautiful hues to brighten up winter.
It's also currently 3 for 2 on all gifts, and get free delivery when you spend £50 or more.
As winter draws in, our hair can end up looking starved of TLC, with harsh weather, rain and heat, drying it out.
But, if you suffer from frizz, there is some hope. This Braun electric hairbrush promises to beat static, frizz and give your hair a healthy shine - and it's handbag sized.
All you have to go is pop some AA batteries in, and it'll do all of the work for you.
On the subject of haircare, Nicky Clarke have just launched a gorgeous new SuperShine Rose collection which is available now at Boots .
The botanicals-inspired range includes a Salon Professional Dryer, Straightener and Styling Tong – all finished in an elegant pearlescent blush pink and highlighted with rose gold accents making them the perfect gift this Christmas.
And the great news is, it's all currently on offer, with our favourite accessory, the SuperShine hairdryer down to £36.66 at Boots.
(Image: Handout)
Gucci Bamboo is the smell of the season - and right now, The Fragrance Shop is stocking it as a gift set, for £65 online.
Boasting woody, floral tones, with notes of vanilla, sandalwood and ylang ylang, it's a perfume that stands for femininity, confidence and strength.
Not sure it'll be her cup of tea? The Fragrance Shop has just launched a subscription service called Scentaddict . It's a contract-free £12 a month subscription and you can choose a different 'travel size' fragrance each month to arrive at your door.
Find the one of your dreams, and you can redeem your £12 spend on it.
(Image: Handout)
Whether she's a hardworking mum or a workaholic, if you get her out for some downtime just once next year, make it for this wine tasting experience for two.
It's a date.
(Image: Handout)
For every power woman, there's her favourite lipstick behind it, and this Estee Lauder set has every one of those shades perfectly packed into handbag sizes.
(Image: Handout)
If she loves a good read, how about a Kindle to get her digital collection going? It's handbag friendly and is built to hold hundreds of thousands of novels.
(Image: Handout)
If a cup of tea in front of the sofa is her happy place, then you may want to head to T2 this Christmas.
We've found this beautiful emerald mug, adorned with intricate mosaic prints for a happy £22 online.
(Image: Handout)
You cant go wrong with Jo Malone, it's basically a fact.
This dreamy scent has mists of honeyed, golden mimosa, teamed with the spiciness of freshly crushed cardamom. It also guarantees a burn time of 45 hours.
Each fragrance promises to uplift, to wind down, or simply add an air of luxury to your room (or bath).
(Image: Handout)
This personalised gift bag is ideal if you've a low budget to spare, and it still shows you've put all of the thought into it!
(Image: Handout)
This eau de toilet has rave reviews on Crabtree & Evelyn online and it promises a scent that will throw you right back to calm summer evenings by the sea.
What can be more blissfull?
(Image: Handout)
Chocolates are just the best - you can't go wrong. But if you want to show you've gone the extra mile, how about a Godiva box, wrapped in wild red ribbon?
This best-seller contains 24 perfect milk, white and dark Godiva favourites, with a variety of tempting, expertly crafted fillings including creamy pralines, sweet caramels, nutty noisettes and soft ganaches.
(Image: Handout)
Is it pamper time yet? We can't get over this deliciously scented L'Occitant gift set - which promises a 'little touch of luxury' for every lucky owner.
Each tin includes a lavender foaming bath, almond shower gel, almond milk concentrate, shea butter hand cream, Bonne Mère Rose Soap and a box to store all of your goodies.
(Image: Handout)
Are they a prosecco princess or crazy for chocolate?
Printed with a word of your choice, this fun cushion is a sofa compulsory, with the phrase: 'There Comes A Time In Every Woman's Life When The Only Thing That Helps Is (chocolate or prosecco)' splashed on the front.
So if the only thing that helps them is a bottle of prosecco, some chocolate or a luxurious bubble bath, pop it on this cushion asap.
With an embroidered upper, these pointed little flats, are coated with extra cushioning for comfort. Plus, they're pink!
Pink is still the hue to be seen in, so help her keep warm over winter and well into spring, when she can debut them with her new flats!
If your mum is on a mission to get fit, this fitness tracker could be just the thing. Not only is it aesthetically pleasing, it's also super handy for reaching targets, too!
These bargain must-haves are perfect for party season and beyond - and they look just like Sex And The City's Carrie Bradshaw's favourite Manolo Blahniks.
Help her achieve inner harmony with these soothing and aromatic products based on Indian Rose and Sweet Almond Oil.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "resentful" husband strangled his ex-wife to death with her own scarf before stuffing her body in a suitcase and hiding it near a neighbour's house.
Ashwin Daudia, 51, killed mum-of-two Kiran Daudia, 46, after becoming angry she was making him homeless and had started seeing other men.
The couple, who had been together for 26 years, had divorced three years earlier and had sold their property to Mrs Daudia's sister, Preti Jethwa.
Kiran, who worked for retail giant Next, was reported missing on January 16 last year - the same day that the sale was due to go through.
(Image: Aaron Chown / SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
A court heard how Daudia had probably strangled his former partner with her scarf before showing "remarkable coolness" by cleaning up the murder scene.
The factory machine operator stuffed the corpse into a suitcase, after initially picking one which was too small, and crammed her belongings into another before their 17-year-old son got home from college.
He then dragged the suitcase through the streets away from their home address.
Her body was discovered by a neighbour "trussed up" in the suitcase near their terraced home in Evington, Leicester, at 9.30am on January 17 last year.
Today Daudia showed no emotion as he was convicted of murder and jailed for life to serve a minimum of 18 years at Leicester Crown Court .
(Image: Facebook)
Her family have described the mum as "the backbone of the family, very kind, generous and angelic".
The trial heard the couple were paired together in an arranged marriage in India in 1988 and continued to live under the same roof after they divorced in 2014.
On the day she went missing, security cameras captured Kiran turning into her street at around 2.20pm after finishing her shift working as customer services advisor.
Prosecutor William Harbage QC said: "Within the next hour she was dead. The defendant was the only other person in the house.
"There was an argument between Ashwin and Kiran, there was a struggle in which he strangled her with some sort of ligature, probably her own scarf.
"Had this been some sort of domestic incident which had got out of hand and the defendant immediately regretted what had happened, one might have expected him to have raised the alarm and called for an ambulance or the police.
"He did nothing of the sort, instead showing a remarkable coolness in the circumstances, he tried to cover up what he had done."
(Image: Aaron Chown / SWNS.com)
Giving evidence, the dad-of-two claimed that he had "lost control" after his estranged wife had kicked him in the "urine area" and repeatedly swore at him.
Speaking through a Gujarati interpreter he claimed he banged her head on a bannister, before pressing on her neck with both hands.
He told the court: "Her scarf had come off from her neck, then I twisted the scarf on here [pointing at a photo of the banister], in the corner where the pole is.
"With my knee I pushed her down and I kept holding her very tightly and the scarf was wrapped around as well.
"With my knee I pushed her so she went down a little. She fell half down, so she was like hung."
(Image: SWNS.com)
He claimed that he had to use his own suitcase to hide the body, as hers was a "little bit too small".
He also said he removed her boots and tied her wrists and ankles together to stop them coming out and being seen.
Detective Sergeant Mark Wesley, who was part of the investigation team, said: “The evidence against Daudia was overwhelming, with CCTV work and forensic examinations helping us to build a strong case against him.
“He was solely responsible for the death of his ex-wife. Kiran had her family at the heart of everything she did.
“Through his own selfish, cowardly actions Daudia has ripped this family apart, leaving two doting sons without a mother and other family members distraught and struggling to get over the pain and heartache he has caused.”
Kiran's family released a statement which said: “Kiran was full of life, with a vibrant personality, a loving, caring mother and a very thoughtful daughter, sister and aunt.
"Her friendly and charismatic nature meant she had many friends.
"She was simply beautiful and loved having photographs taken. She was the backbone of the family, very kind, generous and angelic.
“We as a family cannot even begin to describe the loss and emptiness in our heart.
"Her perpetual smile will be missed everyday of our lives by everyone who knew her. Kiran had lots of dreams and aspirations which were untimely taken away by this demonic act.
"Life without her will never be the same."
Janine Smith, from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), added: "There was overwhelming evidence that Ashwin Daudia was not only responsible for Ms Daudia's death, but that he had intended to kill her.
"During the trial the CPS presented evidence to the jury that the injuries Ms Daudia suffered and the defendant's actions after her death were those of someone with intent to kill or do serious harm and were a calculated attempted to cover up his actions.
"My heartfelt sympathies are with Ms Daudia's family, especially her two sons, who have had to come to terms with so much.
"I hope that the conclusion of these proceedings will provide some closure for them."
Semi ended up in the westbound ditch for a number of hours
Only minor injuries occurred in a motor vehicle accident on Saturday that left a semi truck in a highway ditch for a number of hours.
On Saturday, March 17, just after 7 a.m., Port Alberni RCMP responded to a single vehicle rollover crash on Alberni Valley Highway near Maebelle Rd.
A semi tractor and trailer was travelling westbound, coming into Port Alberni on Highway 4, when the driver lost control and the semi ended up in the westbound ditch, resting on its passenger side.
The driver, a 43-year-old Nanaimo man, exited the truck on his own and received only minor injuries.
Witnesses said the semi was in the ditch until late afternoon, as its contents had to be unloaded before it could be towed.
McIlroy always says that when he's playing well, it's hard to remember ever playing poorly. And when he's playing poorly, it's hard to remember what it was like to play well. But he has a history of going through spurts of mediocrity, and coming out of it strong without notice. Most memorable was in 2012 when he missed the cut four times in five tournaments. Two months later, he won the PGA Championship and consecutive FedEx Cup playoff events.
Three times in his career, McIlroy has won in his next start after missing the cut. Five other times, he won after finishing out of the top 30.
That's why he wasn't the least bit concerned after missing the cut at the Valspar Championship.
"It's such a fine line out here, and I might have sounded crazy the last few weeks when I was telling everyone it actually feels pretty close and I'm not that far away, and I'm putting up 72s and 73s," he said. "And all of a sudden, it all clicks into place and I end up winning a golf tournament by three shots and shooting 8 under on the last day. So it's fine lines out here. I think you have to play the game to really appreciate that. It's not as black and white as some people make it out to be."
He could think of only one time he was genuinely worried about his game.
McIlroy was 19 and in his first full year as a pro in 2008. He had only two top 10s all year on the European Tour. He wasn't eligible for any of the majors. He had missed three straight cuts in Sweden, Holland and Scotland. He was concerned he might lose his card. And then he lost in a playoff in Switzerland, lost in another playoff in Hong Kong and won his first pro event early in the next year.
"And I was off and running," he said.
McIlroy reached No. 50 with that playoff loss in Hong Kong, and he hasn't fallen out since then. He's had a few dips, sure, "but it's not as if I've had to panic."
Palmer and McIlroy share one other connection, at least for now. They are one leg short of the Grand Slam. Palmer never won the PGA Championship. McIlroy needs the Masters. When they had dinner at Bay Hill in 2015 — right before McIlroy's first crack at the fourth leg of the slam — the topic never came up.
"It's amazing to think, all that Arnold did in the game, he never won that Grand Slam," McIlroy said.
McIlroy at the Masters, Phil Mickelson at the U.S. Open and Jordan Spieth at the PGA Championship each have a chance at the career slam this year.
"I'm glad to be part of that conversation, get the first shot at it in a few weeks," McIlroy said. "So we'll see how we go."
His game is never far away, even if it doesn't look like it at times.
Nearly six months after his indictment on federal corruption charges, former Illinois Congressman Aaron Schock says the government is improperly trying to gather more evidence against him.Schock's attorneys said Monday that federal prosecutors are on a "far-reaching fishing expedition" against him by continuing their investigation long after two grand juries finished theirs.In a sharply-worded motion, attorneys for the former Peoria lawmaker tried to block the government from additional time to prepare evidence, claiming they've already had long enough.It has been more than two years since the red paint started peeling off of his political career disclosures were made about his Downton Abbey office decor on Capitol Hill.A federal grand jury indicted Schock last November and his lawyers say that should have been the end of the investigation, but it was not.In the new court filing, Schock's attorneys said "the government appears to be abusing the court's process to conduct discovery and continue its investigation after the conclusion of the grand jury ... this, despite the fact that the government had twenty months and two grand juries to conduct its investigation."The government is asking for additional time to prepare its evidentiary disclosures in preparation for a scheduled July 10 trial.Schock's attorneys are attempting to block an extension of deadlines, contending that prosecutors are "improperly continuing to investigate this case post-indictment," issuing subpoenas they claim are extremely broad including a demand to produce "nine years' worth of electronic records estimated to contain 50,000 emails."Defense lawyers also point to a copy of a darkened cellphone text message provided by prosecutors that the government intends to use against Schock as proof of wrongdoing. The defense maintains this typifies meager evidence turned over by the prosecution.Schock's attorneys said that "when asked to produce the original text messages, the government informed defense counsel that the agent handling the confidential informant had deactivated her original phone and forgotten her password so she could now no longer access text messages on her phone.
As attitudes about marijuana shift around the world, researchers are warning parents that it's risky to keep it around children, especially those who are too young to know what it is.
The number of children who were admitted to emergency rooms for unintentional marijuana intoxication increased by 133% in France over an 11-year period, according to a new study.
Marijuana intoxication can occur when a child accidentally ingests a marijuana product or inhales marijuana smoke. Symptoms can vary based on the child's age and size but often include sleepiness, difficulty breathing, seizures or even coma. Effects usually last six to 24 hours.
Cannabis is illegal in France, but it has the highest rate of marijuana use in Europe, said Dr. Isabelle Claudet, lead author of the study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics.
"And that means we are facing an increase in emergency admissions of marijuana intoxication and an increase in severe symptoms seen in children," said Claudet, a pediatric emergency physician in Toulouse.
She and other researchers analyzed the number of French children under 6 admitted to pediatric emergency departments because of unintentional cannabis intoxication and the number of cannabis-related calls involving children to French poison control centers.
From 2004 to 2014, 235 children were admitted to ERs with cannabis intoxication, and there was a 133% increase in the admissions rate for it. The number of calls to poison control centers related to cannabis exposure in children increased by 312% in the same period.
What concerns Claudet the most is that the concentration of the psychoactive chemical tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, has been increasing in cannabis products in France.
"THC concentration in cannabis products has increased from 9% in 2004 to 20% in 2014," she said. "I believe that's why we're facing more adverse effects in children."
Over the 11-year span, the severity of symptoms in children admitted to emergency departments because of marijuana intoxication also increased.
Twenty times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2004, and and four times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2013. Of the 32 children reported to have gone into comas, 53% were admitted in 2014, and there were more cannabis-related admissions than any other type of pediatric emergency room admission.
The main cannabis product circulating on the French market is hashish or cannabis resin, a solid and very concentrated form of cannabis extract, usually sold in the form of sticks or balls. Users break off pieces, roll them in tobacco papers and smoke them.
Claudet believes the best way to decrease the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases in France is to decrease the concentration of THC in cannabis through regulation.
"And we have to also warn consumers and parents that it could be very dangerous for children to eat such products," she said. "Because usually, parents think it's not very harmful because they're smoking it, and it relaxes them. But if a child ingests one stick or ball, they can become comatose."
What about children in the US?
Recreational marijuana is legal in eight US states and the District of Columbia, and medical marijuana is legal in 29 states and D.C. Cannabis product trends in the United States are quite different from those in France, though high concentration of THC is still a concern, especially in edible products.
"The results of this Pediatrics study also makes sense with what we've been seeing in Colorado. With the marijuana industry increasing, there are a lot of new products, a lot of concentrated products, that people vape or ingest, like the edible products, that are high in THC," said Dr. G. Sam Wang, a pediatric toxicologist at Children's Hospital Colorado in Aurora.
"And so we've been seeing a lot of kids who are more symptomatic and more intoxicated," said Wang, who was not involved in the French research.
Wang has conducted several studies of US trends in pediatric marijuana intoxication, as well as trends in Colorado.
He found that in states where recreational or medical marijuana is legal, the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases reported to poison control centers increased by 30% each year from 2005 to 2011. Children in states where marijuana was legal had more severe symptoms and were more likely to be admitted to a critical care unit compared with those in states where marijuana was not legal.
In his Colorado study, Wang found that in the two years leading up to when recreational marijuana became legally available for purchase in 2014 and the two years after, rates of marijuana exposure cases in children increased. On average each year, there was a 34% increase in calls to poison control centers about marijuana exposures in Colorado and a 19% increase across the US. Forty-eight percent of the cases in Colorado were attributed to the ingestion of an edible marijuana product.
Wang said the higher number of cases in states where marijuana is legal can in part be attributed to the increased availability of marijuana products and the attractiveness of edible product labels, which often look like normal candy or cakes to a child.
"Usually, kids get into things that become more available, and usually, that happens when it's a household product, like those laundry detergent pods, which were attractive," Wang said. "It's kind of the same situation with marijuana, where we think in states with legal marijuana, probably more households have it in their home, especially the food or edible marijuana products with bright labels, that makes it easier for kids to get into them."
The US National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, or NORML, says that it is concerned about the inadvertent ingestion of cannabis products by children in both the US and France but that more regulation could help provide a solution: "It is our contention that the frequency of these incidences can be mitigated by the imposition of stricter regulatory controls, such as more stringent and overt product labeling and by limiting such products to single serving sizes."
Wang believes the key to ensuring the safety of children living around marijuana products is a combination of outreach and education. He tells parents to treat the marijuana like any other prescription or over-the-counter drug and keep it out of reach of children.
"Parents need to understand that kids can actually get sick from this stuff," he said.
Several states with legal recreational marijuana, including Colorado, Oregon and Washington state, have also made child-resistant packaging a requirement for certain products.
Wang thinks this is also a step in the right direction, especially as other states or countries may be looking to legalize marijuana.
"They need to think about the unintended consequences of legalization, such as marijuana intoxication in children. So whether that's education, packaging regulations, dose regulations," he said. "Colorado had some of that in the beginning of legalization, but we also made mistakes. But I'm hoping that other places can learn from those mistakes and implement programs or rules at the outset."
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
In America's Heartland, A Power Company Leads Charge For Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
Find EV Charging Stations Enlarge this image Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Electric Vehicle Charging Station Locations : Lookup tool from the Department of Energy
: Lookup tool from the Department of Energy Plugshare: Community-updated lookup tool
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Listen · 3:45 3:45
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brave retired Gurkha soldiers were pelted with eggs in a horrific attack.
The attack was caught on camera by one of the group of secondary school pupils, and posted online, and has provoked anger among parents in the community.
The pupils can be heard laughing as they taunt the elderly men by flinging eggs at them. One was hit in the back of the head.
They were identified as pupils from Fernhill School in Farnborough, Hampshire.
Commenting on the Facebook post, Tricia Webb said: "These idiots need to be named and shamed in front of the school and their families! This is disgusting behaviour. Youth has no respect for anyone these days."
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
Martin Robert Gray wrote: "This video summarises what's wrong with our society today. To think it's funny to egg another person as they walk down the street minding their own business, is saddening and shocking, but to then laugh whilst doing it?
"Zero respect was shown to the two elderly gentlemen who have probably sacrificed more than most, so we can enjoy the freedom we have in this country. I'm afraid to say it, but you're all poor excuses for human beings."
Responding to these comments, local resident Linda Barney said: "What happened in this video was disgraceful and yes the youngsters involved should be spoken to but I do think people need to calm down and stop the threats.
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
"These are a handful of children and do not represent all of Fernhill pupils, and yes, all races have children who behave like this and need to told to respect others, no matter what colour their skin is or where they come from. Please let the authorities handle this."
A letter of complaint from Sushan Limbu, addressed to Fernhill School, read: "I have witnessed some school kids throwing eggs at elderly people, which I must say is very disrespectful. I have heard that these kinds of incidents happen quite regularly there, therefore I would like to encourage you to prepare counter measures.
"I expect some action from you aimed towards mitigating or completely eradicating such incidents from happening in the future."
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
The mother of one of the girls pictured in the video, said: "I am the mother of the girl laughing in this, and the other girl is my friend's daughter.
"Fernhill school are aware and both girls have been excluded (sic). They are meeting with these people later today to apologise. Everyone that knows me will tell you I'm far from a bad parent, so do not try to shame the parents. No parent knows what their kids are up to when they're out.
"I'm disgusted by what the girls have done, and yes it's disrespectful to elders, but one thing I must say to all you adults is that you have sunk lower than these girls by writing vile, nasty, and disgusting comments. We are not racist, it's just kids being kids.
"The egg got thrown by this girl because the old man thought she had egged him when actually it was the boy, and he threw an apple at her, hit her in the face and then went to punch her. Both of these girls have been punished for their actions.
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
"I've seen Nepalese people bully and throw stones at other people, carry knifes around and threaten people. You are all as bad so don't make out that you're all perfect. These girls know what they have done is wrong now leave it to us parents and the school to deal with."
A spokesman for Fernhill School said: "An incident took place between three of our students and two Nepalese elders outside of the school's working hours earlier this week.
"We have liaised closely with the parents of the students concerned, the police and the local Nepalese community leaders to ensure the incident is dealt with appropriately.
"This was an isolated incident and we would like to make it clear that the school does not tolerate negative behaviours of any kind. We strive to foster a culture of mutual respect and understanding both in and outside of school."
The incident happened in Farnborough, just a mile from Aldershot, the home of the British Army.
The Gurkha regiment is widely regarded as being very brave and fearless.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez had an eventful home debut for Manchester United - and a bruising one as well.
The January arrival from Arsenal had already featured twice for United before, playing against Yeovil in the FA Cup and Tottenham in the league, but both of those matches were on the road.
But on Saturday he was seen in a red shirt at Old Trafford for the very first time, and it was a day to remember for the new arrival.
United ended up winning the game 2-0 , and here's how his afternoon went.
First half frustration
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
David Wagner's visitors arrived at Old Trafford determined not to give anything away cheaply - an approach which was likened to putting up the Berlin Wall by Jose Mourinho at full-time - and that made for a rough opening for Sanchez.
He was marshalled well by Wagner's visitors, and by the midway point of the first half you could see the frustration on his face.
Into the book
(Image: AFP)
There were accusations that Sanchez threw in a couple of dives as that first half frustration started to get the better of him, and all of that boiled over on the stroke of the break.
The Chilean made a late challenge on Huddersfield defender Florent Hadergjonaj to earn a booking from ref Stuart Attwell.
Luckily forhim, Hadergjonaj and his long name didn't go in the book as well.
Stepping up the pace
(Image: REUTERS)
Early in the second period, Sanchez sensed the chance to cause a little havoc.
Scurrying in from the left hand side in that trademark fashion of his, he sped up United's play, with his contribution eventually leading to the ball going out to the left hand side for Juan Mata, whose cross was volleyed in by Romelu Lukaku.
Good boys
(Image: Philip Oldham / BPI/REX/Shutterstock)
It was around about this time that a new banner was unfurled in the stands paying tribute to Sanchez and his dogs Atom and Humber.
Featuring a similar design to the one seen at the Emirates during his time there, the banner was swiftly removed by United's stewards, but not before Sanchez's pooches became part of a select few to make appearances at the homes of both Arsenal and Manchester United.
Impressive.
A goal... eventually
(Image: PA)
(Image: REUTERS)
The desire Sanchez showed to force his way into the box where he was fouled by Michael Hefele underlined just why Mourinho wanted to sign him, and there was no surprise that he was the man who stepped up to take the penalty.
Jonas Lossl made a fine save, and the Dane was unfortunate to see the ball drop straight back to the feet of the No. 7 for him to tap home.
There was relief all round, not least on the face of the scorer.
A record he wouldn't want to break
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA)
Huddersfield clearly had a plan to stop the Chilean, and that plan basically centred on kicking him.
Sanchez was fouled seven times during the course of the match, the most of any player in a Premier League game this season.
Ouch.
All smiles at the end
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The new man was all smiles at the end though, and left the pitch to a huge ovation from United's fans at full-time after a more than lively home debut.
If this was anything to go by, his time at United is going to be eventful.
Aman has just discovered the dating app Tinder and cannot wait to use it. He swipes right for every woman that the app throws up within a 100-kilometre radius in Amritsar, but finds no match. Finally, a woman named Tanuja swipes right too and they get talking.
One night, Tanuja invites Aman over, and Aman finds out who Tanuja really is. A hint: it has something to do with celebrations in India and Pakistan. The Grapevine Films production stars Shivankit Singh Parihar, Nadeem Khan, Majinder Singh and Harmit.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Sri Lanka set up a potential final-day victory in the first test against Bangladesh after smashing 713-9 Saturday before reducing the hosts to 81-3 in their second innings.
Bangladesh still trails Sri Lanka by 119 runs with first-innings centurion Mominul Haque 18 not out at stumps on Day 4 with an increasingly deteriorating pitch.
"We have a pretty good chance to win," said Sri Lanka batsman Niroshan Dickwella. "They went into a negative position to save their wickets and defend the balls. I don't think it is the way to bat in this wicket."
Sri Lanka declared its first innings two overs after tea, having reached the second highest total against Bangladesh. Sri Lanka also scored the highest — 730-6 declared in 2010 in Dhaka.
/
The new film 'Netizens' details the threats to life and livelihood women endure and what they're doing about it.
April 24, 2018 6 min read
Untold numbers of women endure horrific threats and abuse online. The new film Netizens, which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival this past weekend, not only illustrates the problem but criticizes how little legislators and major social media platforms, including Twitter, Snapchat and Facebook are doing about it.
"I hunger for you, Anita. It consumes me every day," an abuser identified as "Kevin Langham" wrote in a 2014 tweet depicted in the film. "I want to hold you in my arms. I'm going to choke the life out of you."
That "Anita" is Anita Sarkeesian, the cultural critic who has often taken on Gamergate and others in the misogynist world of online gaming. In return for her stance, Sarkeesian has suffered frightening tweets like the one above, and others too crude to quote. In the film Sarkeesian showed a photo of a jar of semen sent online. when she speaks publicly, the film poinrws our, the venue is typically protected by armed guards and swept by bomb-sniffing dogs.
Related: SXSW Festival Cancels Gamer Panels After Threats of Violence
In a panel discussion following a Saturday screening of the film in New York, Sarkeesian -- a San Francisco entrepreneur who with her team of four creates the video series Feminist Frequency -- addressed possible responses to the online abuse women face from gamers, ex-boyfriends and other venomous sources.
"My concerns are that these platforms were built from the ground up by white men and tested on their families and people in their orbit who looked like them, and they never thought about how their platforms could do harm," Sarkeesian said. "So, what happens is that when [a platform] takes off and you have millions of users, it's putting Band-Aids on this geyser of harm and chaos on their platforms. ... Can you ever fix a platform where the foundation is fundamentally flawed?"
Image credit: Joan Oleck
Sometimes yes, the critic herself acknowledged. She consults with major tech companies, including those in social media, Sarkeesian said. And, "It's fascinating to be in a space as long as I have, doing this work and [seeing] how rapidly we have come to recognize that online harassment is real.
"Five or six years ago, when I met with Twitter, there were five or six people on their safety team; and they were like, 'Nah, we don't have an [issue].' And, I'm like, 'What?' Now, there's a safety council and they try to communicate with us about what we're doing, I don't know the specifics of whether it's working or not but that's such a huge difference."
Related: Twitter Offers New Filter, Cracks Down on Abuse
Certainly that difference doesn't work for everyone, the film pointed out in its profile of two other women.
One was Tina Reine, a Miami-based carbon commodities trader and aerialist who once delivered a TEDx talk about dancing as a springboard to girls' self-confidence. Reine's personal history became the obsession of a hateful ex, whose extensive online defamation of her caused a potential and at least one actual employer to dismiss her.
In one of the film's most telling scenes, Reine, who during the filming was eking out a living teaching gymnastics to children, signs up for a Toastmasters course. There, she explains to a skeptical fellow student, who is male, that what she had been encountered wasn't just a free speech do-or-die situation: It had wrecked her life emotionally and financially, she told him.
"Every time I give out my name," Reine said elsewhere in the film about her ongoing struggle, "I know I'm about to be judged because I know eventually they're going to Google me and see what's there, and they're going to judge me."
Also profiled in Netizens was New York-based attorney Carrie Goldberg. Goldberg became a lawyer specializing in online abuse, she recounted in the film, because she too had suffered online defamation and couldn't find counsel who knew enough about social media to help her fight back.
In one of the film's most emotional scenes, Goldberg is shown opening boxes at a storage facility that have been labeled "tainted," because the clothing and jewelry they contain are items she wore during the abuse she suffered from a man she dated for just four months.
She'd put her possessions in storage, she said in the film, because she'd had to move to a more secure apartment -- that was how scary the threats from her ex were.
"New York doesn't have a revenge porn law because our politicians are doing nothing about it," Goldberg says elsewhere in the film. "This is not what the First Amendment is about."
The Brooklyn-based attorney was in the news two years ago for filing complaints against New York City schools for actions taken against female students who'd alleged sexual attacks by male students. In one case Netizens describes, a Brooklyn girl's assault was actually recorded and posted online. The girl became the target of taunts; the principal responded by telling her to stay home because her presence "would make things worse."
In an era when Mark Zuckerberg can be called on the carpet by Senate investigators because of possible wrongdoing by Facebook over the Russian hacking scandal -- and at a time when researchers are actively examining whether social media is psychologically, maybe even physically addictive -- revenge porn as a public policy issue is on the ascent.
Related: Reddit to Crack Down on Abuse After CEO Is Targeted
The internet, the film's website declares, is becoming "the next frontier of civil rights." And the film's speakers underscore that view.
"How do we get the platforms to recognize that this is a problem that is actively harming their users? What do these platforms stand for?" Sarkeesian asked rhetorically during the panel. "Do they want Nazis on their platform?
"I'm tried of giving them this free [free speech] waiver over what is happening ... The platforms are not built with human users in mind."
THE C Family Business is a 52-year-old manufacturing firm with operations in Southeast Asia and currently being managed by three branches belonging to the second generation.
There are a total of 15 second and third generation family member employees-managers working in the business and their positions range from the president all the way down to the operating business unit managers.
My engagement was particularly challenging as the active third generation family members (cousins) were already on the brink of a major conflict. The only glue that held the family together then was the closeness of the second generation siblings.
In the course of my initial assessment, I felt that the way to move forward was to transition the enterprise from a family-first to a business-first mindset while addressing a slew of predictable problems related to entitlement, conflict of interest, envy and a sense of “owner mentality”. In-law participation was also slowly emerging as an added source of acrimony.
A culture of apathy and indecisiveness
To avoid addressing these numerous conflicts head-on, the three siblings chose to “sweep these problems under the rug” and look the other way. This feeling of apathy made my intervention very difficult. It was a tug-of-war of sorts between my role as family business coach and my singular resolve to put systems and accountability in place guided by the family's dream of someday becoming a professionally-run, publicly-listed and family- inspired enterprise.
On the other hand, I was also confronted by every family member's dilemma and reluctance to cut loose from the entitlements and perks they have gotten used to for many years. It took me all of two years to finally gain some headway.
Successful intervention must be process-driven
So what was the formula for success? Fundamentally it centered on eight crucial areas:
a. A collective decision to stop procrastinating and finally move forward to engaging a third-party family business coach;
b. Established rules and getting everyone to come to the table and agree on governance;
c. Created a shared vision with the same set of values espoused by the founder;
d. Initiated the implementation of the agreed principles immediately right after the signing of the family constitution;
e. Activated a working board level governance;
f. Pursued accountability where a breach by any family member will mean disciplinary consequences;
g. Educated everybody (family and non-family employees) that ownership is different from management ; and
h. A lot of patient capital from all stakeholders.
To quote a portion of the email that Benny (the 37-year-old grandson and eldest third generation family member) sent to me together with his Easter Sunday greetings a few days ago, “Happy Easter Coach! We remain thankful for your continued guidance in making us realize that, yes, family is family, but business is business. At the onset, we disliked you for insisting that we all focus on governance and pressuring the family to comply. But over time we eventually appreciated what you have done.
“The realization happened when you insisted that we go through the process of several sessions in crafting the family agreements. The next change was when you asserted that the family council be activated right after we signed the family constituion, as it squarely addressed family member roles and entry policies in joining the business. In short, everyone without exception understood that we needed to adhere to the same rules as anybody within the company.”
To be continued.
He was among lawyers who argued over a nine-year legal battle that Ottawa owed the same duty of care to those students once the province joined Confederation in 1949. More than 100 class members died waiting for a resolution and to hear someone say they're sorry.
Danny Pottle, who lived in a Labrador school dormitory in North West River, said last year an apology was more important than any cash settlement.
"I think those experiences have to be validated by Prime Minister Trudeau on behalf of everybody in Canada," he said in an interview. "To me, that's the most important thing, and that's what other people have told me all along.
"That apology is first and foremost."
The $50-million settlement was approved by a judge in September 2016. Aboriginal students who attended the schools after the province joined Confederation in 1949 were eligible to apply for compensation so long as they were alive as of Nov. 23, 2006 — one year before litigation began. The estates of those who died since the 2006 cutoff could also apply.
Students who lived in school residences for less than five years were eligible for $15,000 in general compensation, while those who lived there five years or more could receive $20,000. Approval was based on a streamlined, trust-based application process overseen by a judge.
One in 10 applications is to be randomly audited.
Cooper said Friday that about 965 people applied for general compensation and that cheques went out in June.
Compensation for sexual or significant physical abuse, based on sworn testimony, could be up to $200,000. Those matters are expected to wrap up this month, Cooper said.
The schools were located in North West River, Cartwright, Nain and Makkovik — all in Labrador — and in St. Anthony, in northern Newfoundland. The International Grenfell Association ran three of the schools, while the Germany-based Moravian missionaries ran the other two.
Lawyers from three firms who worked on nine applications over most of a decade were to receive about one-third of the $50-million settlement. Several students who attended a related briefing last year in St. John's said it was fair payment.
"It's the most important case I'll ever work on, and I'm 54 and 30 years in as a lawyer," Cooper said.
"It's so important for survivors in these situations, I've learned over the years, to be heard and believed."
The Canadian Press
NEWARK, N.J. — Just when it looked like the New Jersey Devils were coming back to the pack in the Eastern Conference after a surprising start, they have surprised everyone again.
This time it was the NHL's hottest team.
Travis Zajac scored two goals and set up another as the Devils limited Pittsburgh to a season-low 16 shots in posting a 3-1 victory on Saturday night, ending the Penguins' four-game winning streak.
The win was the Devils third straight after the All-Star break and it came against the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who had only lost twice in 11 games.
"These are big because you want to create as much separation as you can especially as the year goes on," Zajac said after the Devils leapfrogged the Penguins and moved back into second place in the Metropolitan Division with three games in hand. "It's nice to get these wins, keep improving and we're going to have to win a lot more games. As long as we're prepared and focused, we'll get there."
Blake Coleman also scored and Stefan Noesen had two assists for the Devils, who have missed the playoffs the past five seasons.
"You have goals you set out to achieve, every night won't win, but I think our consistency through 60 minutes has been good," centre Brian Boyle said. "Sometimes you have to simplify and go to basics. We got a great group of character guys in this room."
Keith Kinkaid made 15 saves and benefited from a goaltender interference call that denied Sidney Crosby a third-period goal.
Evgeni Malkin, the NHL player of the month in January with 12 goals, scored in the third period. He now has eight goals in his last four games, 15 since Jan. 1, and 29 overall. Rookie goaltender Casey DeSmith made 35 saves for the Penguins, who looked sluggish after beating Washington on Friday night.
"When you don't play committed, you don't play hard, you get outplayed, you are not going to win," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. "We got outplayed. It's pretty simple. They wanted it more. They won every loose puck battle. They were quicker with their second man to the puck battles. For whatever reason, we didn't have any jump tonight. We didn't seem to have our legs. We certainly got outplayed. We deserved to lose."
100 % 100 L E G E N D A R Y Call me biased, but if a night headlined by The Jacksons and Boney M isn't what legends are made of, I don't know what is. 10
If I didn't know what I was getting myself into on Saturday, I was perfectly ready to travel back a few decades on Sunday, with Boney M, The Jacksons, and Prince's band The New Power Generation set to take over the day. However, the main disappointment of the festival hit within the first minute. Due to the severe weather conditions on Saturday night, the world's largest disco ball, promised as a symbol of the day's vibe, was nowhere to be seen. While it would have been nice to have it around, who needed something to spread the already excessive sunlight, right? (Always counter disappointment with the unwavering power of logic) The disco vibe was still there, waiting for Boney M to come on stage and unleash it. Until then, I had a few more gigs lined up.
My day began with alternative rockers Toreador on the Uncommon Stage. Fresh from playing the Joiners afterparty the night before, the Southampton trio played a few really powerful tunes, including their latest single ‘Something About You'. While the songs themselves didn't disappoint, it was the lead singer's performance that stood out; Jack Wilson hit some tricky high notes in there. If you want to place these guys on the alternative rock spectrum, you can find them somewhere between Nothing But Thieves and Royal Blood (their bass is a particularly strong feat) – which isn't a bad place to be at all if you ask me!
Because of a schedule swap, ‘90s dance icons Snap! performed before The Cuban Brothers on the Common Stage – which meant I came out of the Uncommon Stage tent only to catch the famed ‘Rhythm Is A Dancer' from a distance. While missing ‘The Power' hurt quite a bit, it was refreshing to hear their massive hit in the original take again, especially after Bastille's ‘Of The Night' blended ‘Rhythm Is A Dancer' with Corona's ‘Rhythm of the Night' in everyone's minds and playlists.
However, had it not been for the schedule swap, I wouldn't have had the privilege of seeing The Cuban Brothers perform (spoiler alert: they're neither Cuban nor brothers). You've probably guessed it – these guys are the other most ridiculous thing ever that I promised yesterday. With an obviously fake yet impressively consistent accent, Scotsman Mike Keat aka Miguel Mantovani had all of us acutely confused as he took the audience on a journey of inappropriate jokes, stripping, thrusting, and some Cuban-inspired songs from their 2013 album Yo Bonita. The other brothers, nephews, or whatever on Earth they are, added some game-changing moves to the ridiculousness of the situation – head spinning and all. Even if I absolutely loved the dancing, I still don't quite understand why Elton John and Robbie Williams hired these guys to entertain at their parties. But considering they're celebrating their 20th anniversary this year, I'm sure it's just me being a bit daft.
After DJ Jaguar Skills took over the Common Stage with some remixed tunes for electronic music fans to dance to, it was time for one of the festival's most anticipated acts, Boney M. Even if they only have Maizie Williams left from the original formula (a fact which they graciously mentioned at the end of the show), the foursome put on a fantastic performance of their most iconic songs to remind everyone there why disco will never die. They kicked off their performance with ‘Sunny', right into ‘Daddy Cool', ‘Ma Baker', a cover of ‘No Woman No Cry', ‘Rasputin', and ‘Rivers of Babylon.' While the ‘No Woman No Cry' cover had nothing on their original songs, it showcased their brilliant vocal capacity, as well as the beautifully executed harmonies of the newer members. Unsurprisingly, ‘Rasputin' was the peak of the performance, also bringing the best dance moves out of the group. The atmosphere these genre-defining hits created was unlike anything I'd ever experienced – a sea of people singing and dancing along to history. And the fact that they all seemed to be aware of that made it all the more special. Boney M's show was a testament to the fact that good music bridges generations and it left me buzzing for a long time.
Not long enough to get me through the break and the half hour delay until The New Power Generation's show, though. After dealing with some technical issues, Prince's band of 23 years came on stage and played some of his undying classics, taking care to pay regular homage to the pop legend. Their rendition of ‘Nothing Compares 2 U' was particularly touching, with lead singer MacKenzie proving a wide vocal range. Freshly recruited for the NPG's world tour, MacKenzie also had a lot of dance moves on display, where he was joined by other members of the band in some unexpected syncs. While the performance itself couldn't be flawed, it did not seem to get to a crowd thinned by the delay and probably expecting some more Boney M exhilaration, which only shyly showed its head during the more upbeat songs such as ‘Kiss' and ‘1999'. However, not hearing ‘Purple Rain' from Prince's band was almost as disappointing as not having the disco ball around. I guess some of the songs have to rest with the legends.
The exhilaration came back the minute The Jacksons got onto the stage. It took us all a while to realise we had a significant part of the greatest family in music history in front of us – hence the predominant “It's the actual bloody Jacksons” in everyone from SUSU media's Instagram stories – clad in the most disco jackets imaginable and ready to perform some of the legendary songs we all grew up listening to. After showing a very short clip from the Jackson 5 times to kick us all into delirium, Jermaine, Tito, Jackie, and Marlon started their show with classics ‘Can You Feel It' and ‘Blame It On The Boogie', showing some fantastic moves very close to their late brother Michael's famous style.
To be perfectly honest, I was so busy dancing my heart out that the short documentary they aired halfway through the performance felt exactly like that ad break right before the climax of a film, or in this case the medley of the most famous Jackson 5 songs. ‘I Want You Back' and ‘ABC' got everyone's groove back on, only to be crowned by the heartwarming ‘I'll Be There', which had everyone linking and waving arms under the starry night sky.
The brothers shone throughout – together, as well as solo. Tito performed a couple of songs from last year's album Tito Time (yes, these incredible human beings still make music – and it's really jazzy!), while Jermaine performed a sublime cover of Michael's ‘Gone Too Soon'. With ‘Forever Michael', as well as a slideshow of photos played in the background, this was a beautiful tribute paid to the King of Pop – and I'm sure there wasn't a dry eye in the crowd by the end of it. ‘Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'' and ‘Shake Your Body (Down To The Ground)' made sure to end the show on a positive note – and leave the audience exhausted from the dancing and the emotional rollercoaster of the last hour and a half. Honestly, I don't know how these men find the energy to perform a full set completely in tune with their audience and without skipping a beat after almost 50 years. I'm in awe, and I thank the organisers deeply for bringing true legends on stage – it made Common People 2018 truly one of a kind.
Have a look at more photos below, and come back soon for interviews with The Cuban Brothers and Boney M!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say rookie guard Frank Jackson won't make his NBA debut this season after having follow-up surgery to remove residual scar tissue from earlier right foot operations.
The Pelicans say Jackson also received an injection in his foot.
The club says a specialist in New York handled Jackson's latest procedure.
The Pelicans acquired the 6-foot-4 Jackson through a draft-night trade with the Charlotte Hornets, who selected the former Duke player with the first pick of the second round last summer.
HAVEN, Kan. — The Haven USD 312 School Board had further discussion but in the end took no action on how to deal with declining enrollment at the elementary schools in Partridge and Yoder. The board tabled for one month any action on possibly closing one of the two schools.
Currently USD 312 has only 51 students in grades K-6 at Partridge and 77 students in K-8 at Yoder.
Several other options had been discussed in the past months, including consolidating them, make one school serve K-4 and the other 5-8 grades, or leave things as they are.
If the district decides to close one of the two schools it must be published and then a public hearing would be held before action is taken.
2:13 A sneak peek at Palo Pinto Mountains State Park Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:28 Obama administration transgender guidelines tested in federal court
1:02 Transitioning AHHS grad Benjamin Juan on FWISD transgender bathroom policy
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
Whilst the markets have given a warm reception to infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs) and a spate of InvITs are in the pipeline, the fate of real estate investment trusts (REITs) remains to be seen. REITs still haven't taken off and there is a degree of morbid scepticism around the success of a REIT. The reasons could be as follows.
First, from an investor perspective, the investor base in a REIT is likely to be offshore insurance companies, pension funds, sovereigns etc., which would want to hold the asset for long term and earn stable income. For such investors, the prospect of capital growth may be a consideration, but not a driver. The average yield in prime commercial real estate in India can range 7-9.5% on an optimal tenancy basis with an annual escalation or capital growth of about 5% year-on-year. Together with capital growth, the annual return expectation can be in the region of 12-14% on a gross basis in rupee terms.
In dollar terms, considering the hedging cost (roughly 6%), the number comes down to about 1-3% for yield and 6-8% on an overall return basis. These numbers don't look so attractive to global capital when compared with other developed markets, which offers comparable returns in dollar terms, but without the regulatory risk, tax risk, litigation risk and business risk that India poses.
Second, a developer is still grappling with the difference between a REIT and lease rental discounting (LRD). Since LRD is typically available in the range of 9-11% for reputed developers, many developers are not able to appreciate the merit of going for a REIT and subject themselves to public and regulatory scrutiny. Indeed, a REIT offers the opportunity of full monetization, liquidity and brand recall, but that may in itself not be a driver. A developer may be willing to defer monetization until the expiry of the LRD, or may be content with regular LRD top-ups.
Third, even though capital gains, minimum alternate tax and dividend distribution taxes have been exempted, the tax issues are not entirely sorted out for a REIT. Since capital gains tax exemption is only applicable if the shares of a company holding the real estate asset SPV are transferred to a REIT, interposition of an SPV between the asset and a REIT is inevitable. Such SPV is subject to corporate income tax of 30% on the rentals received, which could be reduced to the extent of interest expense in the SPV. Hence, it becomes imperative for the REIT to invest into the SPV substantially by way of debt and purchase equity at nominal value, which could work in the current construct since most such assets are anyways about 60% leveraged. Whilst there is no withholding on the interest income received by the REIT, when the REIT distributes such interest income to its unit holders, the non-resident is subjected to a mere 5% tax (creditable in home jurisdiction), whereas an Indian resident is subjected to tax at the maximum marginal rate, usually 30%. This is another issue which could dissuade domestic investors, including the developer/sponsor since post transfer to the REIT they will have to bear heavy income tax on the income received from the REIT units.
Fifth, there are certain regulatory hassles that may need to be creased out. For instance, REITs unlike InvITs cannot raise funds on a private placement basis, and must make a public offering. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) regulations for REITs require the sponsor to have real estate experience. Typically, such eligibility criterion is only limited to the investment manager, and never to the sponsor who should only be seen as the anchor investor. As a result, several entities such as banks, airlines and other large organizations that have grade A fully tenanted commercial real estate cannot float their REIT and adopt the typical sale and lease back structures. Whilst such companies can club with someone with real estate experience to form a “sponsor group”, there may be some degree of challenge and financial contribution required since each sponsor is required to hold 5% of the REIT units.
Having said that, with all the challenges set out above, we still hope that REITs are well received on the back of shrinking credit rates, unflinching faith in the growth of Indian real estate and tax free exits on the bourses after a holding period of two years. With 90% income to be mandatorily up streamed and government allowing banks, insurance companies and pension funds allowed to invest in REITs, it remains to be seen if REITs are able to kick-start monetization of stabilized assets on the back of right mix of security, liquidity and tax optimization.
Ruchir Sinha is co-head of private equity and M&A at Nishith Desai Associates.
Ethics Expert: Trump's Efforts To Address Conflicts Are 'Baby Steps'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
As Donald Trump prepares to become president, he's promising to explain how he'll deal with the many conflicts of interest posed by his businesses and charitable foundation, even as he insists they pose "no big deal."
But short of selling his properties and putting the proceeds in a blind trust, it's not clear that Trump can completely resolve the controversies over his many businesses.
"There's a uniform consensus among everyone who does government ethics for a living ... those who are still in government and those who have left government, that Donald Trump must divest," says Norm Eisen, former ethics adviser to President Obama, and a fellow at the Brookings Institution. "He's got to sell his holdings, through using a blind trust or the equivalent of it, as every president has done for 40 years."
Since his election, Trump has settled some outstanding legal disputes, including lawsuits over Trump University and unionization drives at hotels in Las Vegas and Washington, D.C.
Trump's efforts to put these issues behind him suggest he recognizes that he and his family face serious conflicts of interest, Eisen says.
"That being said, [Trump's actions] are not enough. They are baby steps, when what we need is a giant leap," Eisen says.
Trump says he will hold a press conference soon to explain his plans for his extensive network of businesses, but hasn't said when it will take place.
An earlier press conference to address the issue was canceled in December. His transition team cited the complexity of Trump's businesses and said he needed more time to decide what to do.
But Trump himself suggested to reporters in Palm Beach last week that addressing the conflicts was a simple matter and said his businesses are "no big deal."
"When I ran, people knew I have a very big business. So, I mean, they elected me at least partially for that reason. So I think that's going to work out very easily. It's actually a very simple situation," he said.
One issue that Trump appears eager to put behind him involves his charity, the Trump Foundation.
Trump has been accused of using money from the charity, most of which was donated by other people, to pay expenses related to his businesses. The foundation has acknowledged "self-dealing" on its tax returns, although it's unclear what specific violations took place.
Trump announced on Christmas Eve that he would shutter the foundation, a move that makes sense, says former IRS official Philip Hackney, associate professor of law at Louisiana State University.
"It begins to eliminate a minor conflict. I really think the Trump Organization is a much more significant conflict than the Trump Foundation was ever close to being," Hackney says.
But the New York Attorney-General's office, which is investigating the charity, quickly scotched the idea of shutting it down prematurely.
Closing the foundation too soon could complicate the investigation, Eisen says.
"We don't want any information to disappear into the ether when the charity closes. That's a particular problem for Donald Trump because he has a propensity for secrecy," he says.
LAHORE: Keeping up with its tradition of coming up with some of the best promotions for its customers, Careem Pakistan on Saturday introduced yet another exciting offer.
As per the text notification received by only a few of its ‘loyal customers', the ride-hailing app on February 3 offered a complimentary gift delivery.
You know what's brand identity? It's the customer experience that counts. So, Careem selected me as loyal customer & asked me to book GIFT car type. I booked the ride to find this 🎁Careem never stops surprising me 💚 Do you want to know what's inside? pic.twitter.com/dkOybz5BfC — Mountain girl. (@SaimaKarim89) February 3, 2018
Look what came in the ‘Gift' car! Thanks, Careem bae ♥ pic.twitter.com/NxB15xhjbG — Mein ne konsa claimz kiya hai (@AtiyaAbbas) February 3, 2018
Thank you so much @CareemPAK for sending me this HUGE basket. Love love love it. More pics coming soon. #Careem #Careempakistan pic.twitter.com/PwnW51JDP9 — Farah Zaki (@ofarahzakio) February 2, 2018
While hundreds of enthralled customers who received Careem's exclusive gift baskets with eateries and other goodies took to Twitter in a bid to express their excitement, some of those who didn't, also followed.
Careem sending gift buckets to those who do promotional campaigns for them. How surprising. — عبداللہ حصان (@abdullahassaann) February 3, 2018
So today I didn't go anywhere. Just logged in Twitter to find these pictures everywhere. Thank you Careem for being the most annoying service in the world. ❤ pic.twitter.com/vQxe8BI5P8 — Fareeha (@SabMayaHai_) February 3, 2018
Lasting for almost 8 hours, the promotion ended with Careem informing how owing to the high demand of its Gift Cars, the company was out of stock.
The secret is out and our Gift Cars are out of stock! Stay tuned for more suprises 😀 — Careem Pakistan (@CareemPAK) February 3, 2018
While the offer fascinated hundreds, and flooded social media networks with posts by the lucky recipients, the company – known for coming up with such out of the box marketing strategies – managed to maintain its spot in the limelight yet again after having announced projects like the Rishta Aunty, Pizza Hut Controversy, Careem Air and Bakra on Wheels last year.
Kim Kardashian met with President Trump at the White House today to discuss prison reform. The reality star is particularly campaigning for the release of one prisoner: Alice Marie Johnson. Here's what you need to know about her case:
Johnson is serving a life sentence.
The 63-year-old great-grandmother is currently serving a life sentence in prison for a nonviolent drug-related crime and was not eligible for parole.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. She was sentenced to life in prison in 1997. Today, she's spent more than two decades behind bars.
As one of Johnson's lawyers, Brittany Barnett, told The Daily Mail, "The message to the president is that Alice Johnson, the 21 years she has been in prison, represents a punishment that more than pays her debt to society and that to keep her prison the rest of her life is morally and economically unjustifiable."
I am honored to accompany @KimKardashian to The White House today to advocate on behalf of Alice Marie Johnson. Kim has spent her time, money & energy for this incredibly worthy cause. Please give credit where credit is due. — Shawn Holley (@theshawnholley) May 30, 2018
Johnson became "involved in drug trafficking" during a difficult period in her life.
Johnson became "involved in drug trafficking as a way to make ends meet following a particularly rough period in her life: She lost her job at FedEx, where she had worked for 10 years, due to a gambling addiction; she got divorced; and then her youngest son died in a motorcycle accident," Mic reports.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to Johnson, this series of events led her become involved with drugs. As she told Mic:
"I felt like a failure. I went into a complete panic and out of desperation, I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money. I became involved in a drug conspiracy."
Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents appealing for Johnson's sentence reduction, said she wasn't the leader of the cocaine operation. Instead, Bustle reports, "Johnson gradually became involved in a drug trafficking operation in Memphis, Tennessee. She says that she never brokered any deals or handled drugs, but was responsible for relaying coded messages over the phone."
The meeting with Trump, which was initially reported by @VanityFair, marks the culmination of months of @KimKardashian West's behind-the-scenes efforts to free #AliceMarieJohnson. pic.twitter.com/EyGwQ2vct1https://t.co/We2L0m6bFV — Mic (@mic) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This was Johnson's first offense, but she was given a life sentence without the chance of parole.
Even though her arrest in 1993 was her first offense, Johnson received a life sentence, which she began serving in 1996. During the trial ten of her co-defendants testified against her in exchange for a reduced or dropped charges, Mic reports. Johnson, however, did not receive the same mercy, despite having not previous drug charges.
Johnson's children have long petitioned for her release.
Speaking in a video for Mic, Johnson's daughter, Tretessa, said of her mother, "She's made some serious mistakes in her life, but she is not this monster. I mean, she's really turned a very negative situation to as positive of a situation as she can."
Of Kardashian's involvement in the situation, Tretessa told BBC News, "We are praying for mercy in my mom's case… that this nightmare is finally coming to an end."
Johnson's family and supporters say she's a "model inmate" who's active in "many programs" including working at the prison hospice," BBC News reports.
Amy Povah, who founded the organization CAN-DO Clemency, started advocating for Johnson in 2014, and even collected a "letter of support from the retired warden of Johnson's prison" on her character, which will be given to Trump.
Povah told BBC News that Johnson has "always stood out to me as being exceptional. She's not bitter or angry, she's this ray of sunshine."
Obama reviewed Johnson's application for clemency on three occasions.
President Obama pardoned 231 individuals in December 2016, "many of whom had similar drug-related charges," Mic reports, but Johnson was not one of them. According to BBC News, Johnson "fit all of the criteria" for the former president's clemency project, but was rejected just days before Obama's term ended. The reason why is unclear.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Johnson told Mic, "When the criteria came out for clemency, I thought for sure—in fact, I was certain that I'd met and exceeded all of the criteria."
Kardashian has hired a new team of lawyers on behalf of Johnson.
Back in November, Kardashian's Los Angeles-based attorney, Shawn Holley, told New York Daily News, "Kim asked me several weeks ago how she could help Alice Johnson in her fight for justice. We then began corresponding with Alice and her team of lawyers."
Holley is a renowned celebrity attorney whose past clients include O.J. Simpson, Michael Jackson, and Lindsay Lohan, according to TMZ.
Kardashian visited the White House on Johnson's birthday.
The reality star made the announcement on Twitter just hours before meeting with President Trump in Washington.
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
One of Johnson's lawyers, Brittany Barnett, told The Daily Mail, "Today's her birthday, so no greater gift than freedom on her birthday."
Kardashian met with Donald Trump regarding prison reform.
Kim had been speaking with Jared Kushner, the president's senior advisor and son-in-law, regarding Johnson's case for months. Kushner has been working on The Prison Reform and Redemption Act which aims to reduce the rate of recidivism, and prepare prisoners to reintegrate into society.
Hours after the reality star being spotted walking into the White House, POTUS tweeted a photo with her in the Oval Office. "Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing," he wrote. The president didn't clarify if he will grant clemency to Johnson as a result of his meeting with Kim.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Johnson is grateful that Kardashian is attempting to help her case.
Johnson publicly thanked Kardashian in a letter obtained by TMZ. She said:
"There are no words strong enough to express my deep and heartfelt gratitude. Ms. Kardashian, you are quite literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family. I was drowning and you have thrown me a life jacket, and given me hope that this life jacket I'm serving may one day be taken off."
Kardashian and her legal team hope that Johnson's case will start a wider conversation about prison reform.
Johnson's lawyer, Barnett, told CBS News, "We are grateful that Kim is using her platform to raise awareness and hope that everyone looks beyond Kim and sees that there is a woman about to die in prison."
Barnett added that Kardashian "was not only moved to tears, but moved to action" after she watched a Mic interview about Johnson. The KKW Beauty founder first tweeted about Johnson's case back in October 2017.
This is so unfair... https://t.co/W3lPINbQuy — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) October 26, 2017
Associated Press contributed reporting.
It is common knowledge that patriotic Americans tend to be Republicans, while unpatriotic Americans tend to be Democrats. According to the latest Gallup poll, the gulf between the parties is widening.
Gallup headlines the fact that only 47% now say they are “extremely proud” to be an American, the lowest total ever recorded. But the partisan divide is stark and, as you can see in this graph, it is getting worse:
The contrast is even greater when liberals are compared with conservatives. Sixty-five percent of conservatives say they are extremely proud to be Americans, almost three times the 23% of liberals who say the same.
As you would expect, the college-educated and the young are the least proud to be Americans. This is the result of a generation of mis-education, in which Howard Zinn has become the #1 guide to American history and Karl Marx is far more widely taught than John Locke. Perhaps the best thing you can do for your offspring is not to send them to college.
Meanwhile, you have to wonder about the future of a party, most of whose members don't like the country they are trying to take over. Maybe when they have turned the U.S. into Venezuela or Cuba they will be proud to be Americans. Let's hope they don't get that opportunity.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Police departments across the metro area are using social media to create a buzz to crack crime.
“Next @MensHealthMag cover boy or @vidalsassoon model? Nope, he stuck a gun in a clerk's face at a 7-11. Call us if you recognize this upstanding citizen.”
That was a tweet by the St. Louis county police department Monday about a suspect they are looking to locate.
That's just one of their many creative tweets recently. St. Louis County Police Department Social Media Coordinator Vera Culley said people are starting to notice the account has a new sense of humor and more and more people are responding to posts.
A tweet Culley put out in August about a “jorts” wearing suspect was re-tweeted over two hundred times.
“It's interesting because for years we felt like we couldn't really be funny because there was such a lack of information going out from police department.” Culley said that had changed and police officers have a sense of humor too.
The Chesterfield Police Department put a note on their Facebook page full of “deer” puns after a deer ran into a resident's home.
The Ballwin Police Department recently tested sleeping on the sidewalk after reports of intoxicated people were doing just that and Monday they put up a funny sorry about mistaken officer identity.
Culley said not all the posts can be funny but even the humorous ones are helping solve crime.
Here are some of the creative posts from departments around the area:
Back in 2014, the name Conor McGregor wouldn't have meant anything to anyone outside of the MMA scene. Skip forward a couple of years and the notorious Irishman is a bonafide superstar, earning upwards of $1 million per fight, coming to blows with sports' biggest names and becoming an Instagram fashion icon to boot.
Of course, this insane level of success doesn't come without plenty of blood, sweat and tears — quite literally in McGregor's case — much of which will all be laid bare in McGregor's new documentary, Conor McGregor: Notorious.
Earlier this week, the lightweight champion tweeted the first trailer for the documentary he's made in partnership Universal Pictures. Filmed over the course of four years, the film charts McGregor's personal and professional journey from his mum's spare room to his place on the world stage.
Check out the trailer here:
The trailer features never-before-seen clips from his pre-UFC days fighting in Ireland and claiming benefits to support him and his girlfriend, right through to his meteoric rise in the #UFC. At only 29-years-old, McGregor became the first UFC fighter to hold two titles at the same time in different weight classes — first after knocking out former Featherweight champion José Aldo in 13 seconds, and then followed by the defeat of former Lightweight champ Eddie Alvarez in the second bout.
The doc also takes us right up to his now iconic rivalry and fight with boxing legend Floyd Mayweather, who he managed to go nine solid rounds with — while earning himself an eight-figure pay check on the side.
Described as a "once in a generation story," Conor McGregor: Notorious will be hitting theaters in the UK and Ireland on November 1, in the United States on November 8 and Australia and New Zealand on November 9.
Are you pumped for Conor McGregor: Notorious? Let us know in the comments!
If there's one cricketer after Sachin Tendulkar who receives unparallel love of Indian fans even when not in the team, it's none other than the six-sixes man Yuvraj Singh who celebrates his 36th birthday today.
Fondly remembered for the six sixes he hit in an over bowled by England's Stuart Broad at the 2007 T20I World Cup and the knock during the 2002 Natwest Trophy final, Yuvraj played a stellar role in India's 2011 World Cup win, at a time when he was struggling with a medical condition that was later diagnosed as cancer.
But the champion defeated cancer to make a comeback in national colours, winning hearts once again.
1,900 Test runs
8,701 ODI runs
1,177 T20I runs
The fastest 50 in T20I history Happy Birthday @YUVSTRONG12! pic.twitter.com/I5zQDr3hlk — ICC (@ICC) December 12, 2017
Besides the above-stated milestones, Yuvraj also holds the record for fastest T20I fifty, which he hit in 12 balls in the same innings where he hit Broad for six sixes in an over.
The left-hander has scored 8,701 runs in ODI cricket, 1900 in Tests and 1177 in T20Is. He has also taken 148 international wickets with his left-arm spin.
He got married to Bollywood actress Hazel Keech on November 29 last year.
Wishing @YUVSTRONG12 (Yuvraj Singh) a very happy birthday — Mamata Banerjee (@MamataOfficial) December 12, 2017
These days the veteran allrounder is working on his fitness at the National Cricket Academy in Bengaluru, while trying to make another return to the team.
ISLAMABAD: Admiral Zafar Mehmood Abbasi on Saturday took over the command of Pakistan Navy as the Chief of Naval Staff, following the retirement of Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah.
The outgoing naval chief passed the baton of command to Admiral Abbasi at a ceremony held at Naval's headquarters in Islamabad.
He congratulated the incoming naval chief on assuming the position in his final address.
Admiral Zakaullah said that he was proud to have led the courageous officers of Pakistan Navy.
He also said that the regional challenges are complex and far from being over and that it is important to maintain the regional balance of power. He said that Pakistan has full capabilities to defend itself.
He added that Pakistan has signed a modern services contract with China which will be prepared at Karachi Shipyard.
The outgoing naval chief also said that the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) will propagate peace and prosperity in the region and Pakistan Navy is doing all that it can to safeguard projects related to it.
He said that Pakistan Navy will get Sea King helicopters from the UK this year, and a submarine contract has been formalised.
Admiral Zafar Mehmood Abbasi took a commission in Navy's operations branch in 1981. He received his initial education from Royal Naval College Dartmouth. For his 39-year extensive services to the Navy, he has also been awarded Hilal-e-Imtiaz (military).
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Uruguay qualified for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan when it beat Canada 32-31 to advance 10-point winners on aggregate on Saturday.
Uruguay won the first leg of the Americas playoff 38-29 in Vancouver a week ago.
At its fourth Rugby World Cup, the Teros will go in Pool D with Australia, Wales, Georgia, and Fiji.
Canada, which has never missed a Rugby World Cup, has a last chance to qualify through a repechage tournament in November.
As in Vancouver where Uruguay won from 10 points down in the first half, it had to pull off another comeback in the second leg.
Canada started off 15-0 in Montevideo and led 18-10 at halftime.
Uruguay didn't get ahead until the 64th minute, when inside centre Andres Vilaseca hacked a dropped pass by the Canadians and scooped and scored in a 40-meter move.
Canada replied with a try to replacement prop Djustice Sears-Duru in a rolling maul, but the one-point lead lasted only five minutes.
Vilaseca pounced on another loose pass to run in another converted try untouched from 30 metres out.
With time up, Canada scored long-range from the last lineout, leading try-scorer DTH van der Merwe finishing the match as he started it with a try. He has 31 in 49 tests.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Total Offense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Plays Yds Yds Pg Jackson,L'vill 12 607 4,932 411.0 Rudolph,OklaSt 12 513 4,582 381.8 Hansen,Ark.St 11 548 4,017 365.2 Mayfield,Okla. 13 454 4,650 357.7 Milton,UCF 12 453 4,292 357.7 Rogers,N.M.St 11 582 3,829 348.1 Dungey,Syr. 9 520 3,090 343.3 Ferguson,Memphs 12 488 4,014 334.5 Rosen,UCLA 11 501 3,620 329.1 Grier,W.Va. 11 451 3,612 328.4 Flowers,So.Fla 11 502 3,572 324.7 Lock,Mo. 12 427 3,806 317.2 Wolford,WF 11 450 3,407 309.7 McSorley,PennSt 12 518 3,659 304.9 Huntley,Utah 9 429 2,726 302.9 Stevens,ColoSt 12 453 3,618 301.5 White,W.Ky 12 579 3,603 300.3 Darnold,So.Cal 13 499 3,887 299.0 Fine,N.Tex 13 555 3,824 294.2 Woodside,Toledo 13 428 3,823 294.1 Hicks,SMU 12 485 3,521 293.4 Gangi,Nevada 10 427 2,926 292.6 Shimonek,TxTech 12 489 3,506 292.2 Evans,LaMnro 12 481 3,447 287.3 Falk,WashSt 12 601 3,446 287.2 Finley,N.C.St 12 513 3,395 282.9 Barrett,OhioSt 13 503 3,671 282.4 Rosier,MiaFla 12 511 3,344 278.7 Shierreff,UConn 9 350 2,487 276.3 Montez,Colo 12 509 3,313 276.1 Manning,Ga.St. 11 431 2,969 269.9 Wilkins,ArizSt 12 500 3,187 265.6 Tate,Ariz 10 286 2,642 264.2 Lamb,App.St 12 391 3,145 262.1 Smith,LaTech 12 496 3,114 259.5 Hill,TCU 12 451 3,103 258.6 Bryant,Clem 13 535 3,324 255.7 Lewerke,MichSt 12 506 3,066 255.5 Jackson,Bufalo 9 284 2,293 254.8 Lee,Neb. 12 458 3,046 253.8 Ford,UMass 11 413 2,787 253.4 Morris,CMich 12 488 3,035 252.9 Silvers,Troy 12 454 3,034 252.8 Jackson,VaTech 12 463 3,017 251.4 McGough,FlaInt 12 431 3,005 250.4 Benkert,Va. 12 534 3,003 250.3 Sturm,UTSA 11 417 2,730 248.2 Rourke,Ohio 12 408 2,900 241.7 Bowers,Cal 12 521 2,897 241.4 Moore,Cincy 12 516 2,874 239.5 Ragland,Mia.Oh 9 342 2,155 239.4 Jones,Duke 12 558 2,871 239.3 Litton,Marsh 12 440 2,870 239.2 Roback,E.Mich 12 449 2,843 236.9 Thorson,NW'ern 12 511 2,838 236.5 Wimbush,NDame 11 404 2,583 234.8 Brown,Hawaii 12 470 2,792 232.7 Stidham,Auburn 13 418 3,005 231.2 Fitzgeral,MissSt 12 448 2,766 230.5 Shurmur,Vandy 12 414 2,739 228.3 Linehan,Idaho 9 354 2,034 226.0 Hurts,Ala 12 359 2,708 225.7 Rogers,UNLV 10 335 2,251 225.1 Griggs,S.Miss 9 315 2,024 224.9 Bentley,S.Caro 12 429 2,641 220.1 Banks,Tulane 11 367 2,389 217.2 Browning,Wash. 12 358 2,584 215.3 Minshew,E.Caro 10 322 2,100 210.0 Rypien,Boise 12 343 2,501 208.4 McMaryion,Fresno 13 351 2,636 202.8 Johnson,Ky 12 377 2,406 200.5 Erdely,UAB 12 410 2,372 197.7 Etling,LSU 12 304 2,341 195.1 Driskel,Fla.At 12 324 2,337 194.8 Abey,Navy 11 351 2,130 193.6 Worthman,AFA 10 326 1,921 192.1 Lagow,Ind. 10 332 1,886 188.6 Marshall,GaTech 11 363 2,073 188.5 Klugh,Chrlot 11 416 2,056 186.9 Stanley,Iowa 12 380 2,242 186.8 Allen,Wyo. 10 335 1,865 186.5 Williams,Tex.St 12 449 2,174 181.2 Williams ,ODU 10 355 1,791 179.1 Hornibroo,Wis. 13 312 2,292 176.3 Fromm,Ga. 13 274 2,280 175.4 Woodson,Akron 10 321 1,752 175.2 Davis,La.Laf 10 286 1,733 173.3 Surratt,UNC 9 268 1,552 172.4 Childers,NIU 11 371 1,894 172.2 Mond,TexA&M 10 316 1,715 171.5 Penny,SDSt 12 275 2,027 168.9 Sirk,E.Caro 11 302 1,820 165.5 Love,Stan. 12 237 1,973 164.4 Ramsey,Ind. 9 297 1,478 164.2 Blackman,Fla.St 12 330 1,932 161.0 Brown,BC 10 300 1,577 157.7 Myers,UtahSt 10 277 1,569 156.9 Davis,S.Ala 9 226 1,401 155.7 Smith,Baylor 9 231 1,392 154.7 Bradshaw,Army 12 250 1,845 153.8
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Henry County Supervisors Meet 5-31-18
AGENDA
May 31, 2018
Approve Agenda
Approve Minutes
Approve Claims
Approval of Reserve Officers
9:00 John Hansen Approval of Pay Application
Job progress update
General Discussion and Any Action needing Action
10:00 Henry County Budget Amendment for FY18
Approval of Transfer Resolutions
Other county discussion as time allows
Supervisors Sub-Committee Updates
Making Space Food With Space Poop
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Jackson/Getty Images Chris Jackson/Getty Images
Humans have wanted to go to Mars for a long time. NASA says it wants to send people there by the 2030s, while private companies like SpaceX have proposed building colonies on the Red Planet.
There are, of course, a lot of kinks that have to be worked out for us to get there. One of them is living in an enclosed space with a few other people for months on end.
Another is the human need for food. Packing all the food and water for a Mars mission would take up a lot of room and would use lots of fuel. Trying to grow food would use up a lot of energy.
Now, scientists at Penn State think they've found a way for astronauts to create food with help from their own human waste.
Lisa Steinberg, a former postdoctoral astrobiology researcher at the school who now works as a science lab supervisor at Delaware County Community College, told NPR's Scott Simon about how the multistep process works.
"We collect the solid and liquid waste from the astronaut and we put it into a reactor where we have a mixed group of bacteria that break that waste down," she says. "And from that they produce methane, which is a gas. And then that methane can be fed to a second type of bacteria — that it grows up and then the cells themselves have a lot of protein, have a lot of fat."
Penn State News described the model they built:
"They created an enclosed, cylindrical system, four feet long by four inches in diameter, in which select microbes came into contact with the waste. The microbes broke down waste using anaerobic digestion, a process similar to the way humans digest food."
The process can grow a bacterium called Methylococcus capsulatus. It's already in use today as an animal feed.
In the case of the Penn State researchers, their end product looks like a type of "microbial goo," as Steinberg's co-author Christopher House describes it. He told Penn State News that it's similar to the Vegemite or Marmite spreads that people put on toast. The goo has a lot of protein and a lot of fat in it.
The substance "can serve as a supplement to the diet of the astronauts and the life support system," Steinberg says.
It's not quite operational yet.
"To put it in a life support system you would definitely need to have a lot of safety precautions in place," she says. "Astronaut protection would be first and foremost. You would need to make sure that there's no potential of pathogens from the waste getting into the food source."
The researchers didn't actually taste it, Steinberg says. She says people who have tasted the stuff in the past "described it as somewhat bland."
Steinberg has a solution for the good of the astronauts' taste buds, however.
"I recommended just bringing some Sriracha on board," she says, "and that'll make anything taste good."
Ammunition Seller Charged In Connection With Las Vegas Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brian Skoloff/AP Brian Skoloff/AP
Federal prosecutors have charged Douglas Haig, a man identified earlier this week as "a person of interest" in the Las Vegas mass shooting, with selling bullets he had modified to make them more potent — referred to as armor-piercing.
The 55-year-old aerospace engineer did not have a license to manufacture and sell the armor-piercing bullets he sold to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the massacre that left 58 people dead. Paddock died at the scene from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Court documents filed Friday indicated Haig also sold Paddock 720 rounds of tracer bullets.
Haig came to investigators' attention early on, when they found a shipping box with his name on it among Paddock's possessions, reports NPR's Martin Kaste.
Authorities also found Haig's fingerprints on armor-piercing bullets recovered from Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room. The ammunition found at the scene was unfired, and it's unclear if any of it was used in the attack.
Haig held a press conference with his attorney by his side on the same day federal authorities filed the charge. In it he explained how he first met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and calmly recounted having three separate phone conversations with Paddock whom he described as "very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful."
That's when Paddock told Haig he wanted the tracer bullets.
Tracer ammunition is built with a small pyrotechnic charge that produces a bright trail of light to allow a shooter to see the bullet's trajectory during nighttime firing or other low visibility scenarios.
"At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell," Haig told reporters.
The complaint says Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition, he put on gloves before taking the box from Haig.
Haig defended himself as merely a vendor, saying, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into his mind. The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did."
His lawyer, Marc J. Victor, also called the exchange "a very routine transaction."
The Mesa, Ariz., resident also recounted receiving several death threats over the phone and in person at his home in recent days. Haig's name was released to the press after authorities released documents containing his full name.
If convicted, Haig faces up to five years in prison, a fine of $250,000 or both, according to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas.
New Delhi: Petrol prices were reduced by 7 paise and diesel prices by 5 paise per litre, applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 31st May 2018.
Under the dynamic pricing scheme, petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis in sync with global crude oil prices.
Prices of non-branded petrol in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 78.35 Kolkata 80.98 Mumbai 86.16 Chennai 81.35
Prices of non-branded petrol across state capitals
Agartala 73.99 Aizwal 74.11 Ambala 78.45 Bangalore 79.63 Bhopal 83.98 Bhubaneshwar 77.15 Chandigarh 75.35 Dehradun 79.27 Gandhinagar 77.64 Gangtok 81.35 Guwahati 80.57 Hyderabad 83.00 Imphal 76.40 Itanagar 74.14 Jaipur 81.13 Jammu 80.03 Jullunder 83.62 Kohima 76.77 Lucknow 78.75 Panjim 72.20 Patna 83.81 Pondicherry 77.09 Port Blair 67.49 Raipur 78.72 Ranchi 77.92 Shillong 77.69 Shimla 78.50 Srinagar 82.72 Trivandrum 82.54 Silvasa 76.20 Daman 76.12
Prices of non-branded diesel in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 69.25 Kolkata 71.80 Mumbai 73.73 Chennai 73.12
Prices of non-branded diesel across state capitals
Agartala 67.31 Aizwal 66.49 Amabala 69.77 Bangalore 70.44 Bhopal 72.89 Bhubaneshwar 74.24 Chandigarh 67.25 Deharadun 69.59 Gandhinagar 74.43 Gangtok 70.95 Guwahati 72.31 Hyderabad 75.27 Imphal 67.29 Itnagar 66.48 Jaipur 73.73 Jammu 70.41 Jullunder 69.14 Kohima 67.58 Lucknow 69.41 Panjim 70.48 Patna 73.95 Pondicherry 71.53 Port Blair 64.87 Raipur 74.75 Ranchi 73.10 Shillong 69.04 Shimla 68.87 Srinagar 72.63 Trivandrum 75.13 Silvasa 70.07 Daman 70.00
(Source: Indian Oil) Prices may vary from outlet to outlet within a city
In the hands of any other publisher, an undercooked online infrastructure and a slew of lukewarm reviews would have seen 2014's The Crew sent on a one-way drive to the scrapheap. But not so with Ubisoft. The French publisher loves a good franchise, so Ivory Tower's racer returns with a bright new presentation, disciplines aplenty and enough vehicles to sate even the thirstiest petrol head.
While the first game used a bland and forgettable underground racing story (one so bad it'll probably be in the next Need for Speed entry), The Crew 2 jettisons any sense of tangible narrative in favor of an extreme sports makeover that effectively opens up the map, with fast-travel accessible races available right from the off.
Improving your follower count will open up new events, as well as new racing distinctions
While the lack of a corny story is a definite plus, the way in which you explore the game's world is an odd choice, to say the least (especially considering Ubisoft has opted once again for a truncated version of the United States as a setting). For all of The Crew's problems – and there were many – its open-world was a huge selling point. Driving from East Coast to West Coast, and seeing everything from the rolling maize fields of Kanas to the lights of Las Vegas lighting up the deserts of Nevada made a forgettable arcade racer feel that bit more exciting.
A similar open-world exists in this sequel, but there's very little reason to explore it in ‘Freedrive'. The original forced you to drive from A to B, and used challenges such as speed traps and races to keep you entertained along the way (and provide a handy way for you to earn new car parts at a steady pace).
With fast travel unlocked from the start, you simply find the event you want to play, select it and boom! – you're in a boat, plane, bike or car waiting to race. It's ideal for getting into the action with the minimum of fuss, but it needlessly demotes one of its biggest selling points to mere mise en scène. You can shift from one vehicle to another as you roam, but those multiple-vehicle races that dominated the original's marketing are painfully rare. Again, another key feature inexplicably watered down.
There's no rewind feature here, so you'll need to drive extra careful when in a race
However, perhaps that shift in how you navigate the world is down to the noticeable inconsistency when it comes to environment textures – we encounter touring car races on tarmac so smooth and lacking in detail that we might as well be racing on titanium, and urban cityscapes (Harlem, in particular) looking so basic you'd think you were playing something on PS3 or Xbox 360. Considering how great some locales do look – off-roading around the Grand Canyon, or road racing on the streets of balmy Florida really stand out – it's a bizarre duality.
Scenery can be treacherous and hard to read too. Some elements can be smashed through, but you can never tell which fence or pole will break, and which will stop you dead in your tracks; it's a lottery at best, especially in busy street races.
Crew cut
Much like 2015's Steep – another Ubisoft franchise that packed myriad sports into one package – The Crew 2 isn't just about burning rubber. Now you can leap into powerboats and ride the waves, or jump inside a stunt plane and pull off barrel rolls to your heart's content. There are even bikes because, well, at this stage why not?
Boats offer some of the most challenging and dynamic races, with the need to slip around enemy wakes key to keeping your speed up. The game's engine also gets the best chance to shine here, with twinkling droplets of water spray landing on the chassis of your craft and waves swelling around you. Races set on the coast are easily the best of these, with waves providing a dynamic that's always changing.
Image 1 of 3 Pushing forwards on the left analog stick will give you extra speed in a powerboat, but reduce handling Image 2 of 3 It's great to have the loot system back, but using it is needlessly awkward Image 3 of 3
There also some brilliant jet-boat races, which take advantage of smaller inland routes (including everything from maneuvering the waterways of the Louisiana swamps to an indoor course in a casino), with clever use of corner-cutting and an emphasis on fast reactions making for some of The Crew 2's best moments.
Planes also offer an interesting way to break up the street, drift, drag and off-road races you'll undertake most of the time. Ivory Tower has managed to put together a relatively accessible control model, although it favors the stunt-based aerobatics rather than the precise movement of ‘races' where you're actually just racing a ghost and passing through gates in the right orientation.
Forza your consideration
As we mentioned, four and two-wheeled races make up the bulk of the game's activities, and while there's enough distinction between cars designed for drifting and those outfitted for long off-road odysseys, the arcade driving model is just as floaty and ultimately uninspiring as the one in the original.
For a game that's clearly aiming to take on and surpass the Xbox-exclusive Forza Horizon series – its XP system even uses a similar ‘fan'-based system to unlock new races and disciplines – The Crew 2 lacks the weighty feel of its vast garage of motors. There simply isn't enough distinction between real-life car brands to make the simple pleasure of steering a car around a track feel that much different from last year's Need for Speed Payback.
The stunt-based madness of the aerobatics missions offer up some The Crew's best moments
The ‘loot' system from The Crew, which enables you to add new car parts to your vehicle, also returns, but with the road trip-style activities mentioned earlier no longer in the game, you'll have to earn them from completing races and activities. They're once again based on rarity, which gives each of your cars a gradually increasing Performance rating.
It's an arbitrary number, but it provides a simple way to determine if your vehicle is souped-up enough to enter a given race. You'll also need to jump into the game's menus in order to fit parts, making the simple pleasure of upgrading your car while on the move a thing of the past.
Then there's the fact that the game – much like its predecessor – rarely takes advantage of the ‘crew' setup that's written right there on the box art. There's multiplayer support, with the option to link up with other players, but you'll rarely run into other human-controlled players while you'll almost pass an AI-controlled crew during a session. With PvP not set to arrive until December 2018, The Crew 2 ends up becoming a racer that's better suited to solo play than co-op.
Verdict: Play it
While very few of The Crew 2's systems or aesthetics are original – its social media-driven popularity conceits are pulled straight from Forza Horizon, its colorful motifs are pure Dirt 2, and the open map of instantly accessible activities is Steep to a tee – that doesn't mean you won't have plenty of fun flying its planes, riding its boats and drifting its cars. But with so many disciplines, and very few areas that stand out among them, it's an arcade racer you'll finish and soon forget.
Don't get too comfortable, Cris Carter and Randy Moss. Diggs and Thielen have begun to push their way toward the top of some of the lists of the franchise's all-time leaders.
Sidney Rice was the last 1,000-yard receiver in purple, in 2009. Before that, Moss in 2003 completed a streak of 11 straight seasons with at least one. Seven of those featured two: Carter and Jake Reed each year from 1994-97, and Carter and Moss from 1998-2000.
The primary difference with Diggs and Thielen — both a bit undersized by NFL standards — is that they had to work harder to reach this status. Diggs was a fifth-round draft pick out of Maryland in 2015 and a healthy scratch the first three games of his career. Thielen famously signed out of an undrafted tryout camp in 2013, spent a season on the practice squad and another couple of years primarily on special teams until his breakout in 2016.
But they're both exceptional route runners, with an ability to line up inside or outside and make a shallow cross or a deep post work whenever the situation calls for it. With Brown as an example, the league has seen more and more versatile wide receivers who can confuse and confound defences by moving all over the formation rather than being limited to either the outside or the slot.
"When a quarterback is in trouble, they'll come down with the ball," said wide receiver Michael Floyd, who's coming off a four-game suspension and set to join the Vikings as another dangerous down-field option when they play at Chicago on Monday. "That's expected in our room."
Diggs broke out ahead of Thielen, but he said he's looked up to his teammate as an example of precise route-runner. Shurmur likened Thielen to an outfielder in baseball for his ability to judge the ball and adjust to it in flight for a catch even if he hasn't separated himself from the defender. Both Diggs and Thielen have a keen sense for how to bend a route away from a cornerback to make an interception impossible and a difficult reception look routine. Diggs in particular has a reputation among the Vikings defence for being relentlessly competitive.
"He won't ever stop. He catches a ball in practice, he'll run all the way to the end zone," cornerback Xavier Rhodes said.
The key for the Vikings will now be to keep up this deep passing game with the loss of running back Dalvin Cook , whose early success was setting up those play-action fakes.
"But also, it's part of what they do now," Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said last week, before his team beat the Vikings 14-7. "Before they had been getting the ball out fairly quickly, intermediate passes and those kinds of things, and occasionally down the field. Well now they're attacking down the field with that real strong running game, so that's what's made the difference. Those guys are running really good routes, catching the ball well."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell, The Associated Press
A government panel is urging the temporary shutdown of twin oil pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac until the company that operates them can finish inspections and repair coating gaps.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board on Monday approved the non-binding resolution after some board members expressed opposition to a recent deal between Gov. Rick Snyder's administration and Canadian pipeline operator Enbridge Inc.
Other resolutions OK'd Monday calls on the state to propose an amendment to close the pipelines if waves are higher than 3 feet -- not 8 feet as is spelled out in the agreement.
Line 5 carries 23 million gallons (87 million liters) daily between Superior, Wisconsin, and Sarnia, Ontario. Long-term options include placing the lines in an underground tunnel or shutting them down.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Liam Gallagher admits his appearance on 'The Late Late Show with James Corden' will be "awkward".
The 45-year-old rock star is currently promoting his debut solo album 'As You Were' and his upcoming trip to the US will include an appearance on James' late-night show, even though Liam recently described the host as a "k***head".
The outspoken singer told BBC Radio 2: "We've got to go and do James Corden's show, that'll be awkward.
"I ain't singing in no car. I refuse to do it, I'm not doing it, mate. I'll sing the tunes, then I'm out of there."
Back in August, Liam insisted he won't appear on the popular 'Carpool Karaoke' segment of James' show, which has previously starred the likes of One Direction, Adele, Katy Perry and Ed Sheeran.
Asked whether there was any chance of it happening, Liam replied: "No thank you very much. No f***ing chance, mate. With that fat bloke from 'Kevin & Perry'?"
Then, Liam's partner, Debbie Gwyther, corrected the singer's attempt to reference James' popular British sitcom, telling him: "It's called 'Gavin & Stacey' and you've never watched it."
But Liam refused to back down, saying: "I don't need to watch it to know I won't like it. James Corden is a k***head."
Meanwhile, Liam recently confessed he's too "manic" to excel on chat shows.
The singer apologised on Twitter for behaving like a "sketchy little f***er" during an appearance on 'The Graham Norton Show', and he subsequently admitted he's simply not suited to the chat show format.
That dynamic at the top of the draft, along with the lack of a consensus order among the top QBs, has created lots of intrigue and made mock drafts an always-changing mix-and-match mess.
"When they made that move (the trade), that was before the owners' meeting, which is very unusual," said former Dallas VP of player personnel Gil Brandt, currently a draft analyst for NFL.com and SiriusXM NFL Radio.
"That led me to believe that he and his staff were ready to roll in terms of these quarterbacks in the middle of March, regardless of which one winds up at No. 3."
Maccagnan wouldn't tip his hand on how the Jets are leaning — and wouldn't even acknowledge that quarterback will be the way they'll go with their first pick.
But it seems clear that either USC's Darnold, Oklahoma's Mayfield, UCLA's Rosen or Wyoming's Allen will be wearing green and white sometime Thursday night.
"I know everybody seems to be locked in on that, I don't know why," a smiling Maccagnan said of the QB-to-Jets speculation. "We actually may take a safety this year. ... I think like everything else, the quarterback is such an important position that it's always going to be a focal point of that this may be a position of interest, especially for us.
"But, yeah, we'll see how it plays itself out."
CROWDED QB ROOM
Once the Jets make their selection, they'll have five quarterbacks on their roster. They re-signed Josh McCown, the starter last year, in the off-season; signed Teddy Bridgewater, who's still coming back from a severe knee injury nearly two years ago; and have holdovers Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg.
Petty was a fourth-rounder in 2015, while Hackenberg went in the second round in 2016. Both players' spots on the roster are tenuous, at best.
BUSY OFFSEASON
Maccagnan went into free agency armed with about $90 million in salary cap space and he certainly made use of it while revamping the Jets' roster.
New York signed 16 players in free agency, including cornerback Trumaine Johnson (five years, $72.5 million), running back Isaiah Crowell (three years, $12 million), linebacker Avery Williamson (three years, $22.5 million) and wide receiver Terrelle Pryor (one year, $4.5 million).
The Jets also re-signed seven of their unrestricted free agents, including McCown (one year, $10 million), cornerback Morris Claiborne (one year, $7 million) and defensive lineman Mike Pennel (three years, $12 million).
MOVES TO MAKE
New York doesn't have a second-round selection this year, but has one pick in each of the five remaining rounds.
A pass-rushing outside linebacker or defensive end could be near the top of the draft board, particularly after cutting Muhammad Wilkerson.
Depth on both the defensive and offensive lines figure to be targets for New York in the later rounds, as well as possibly tight end, running back and cornerback.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Jets considered themselves fortunate when defensive end Leonard Williams fell to them at No. 6 in 2015, and again two years later when they landed safety Jamal Adams at the same spot. Both are considered cornerstone players for New York's defence, as is safety Marcus Maye, who went in the second round last year.
The top of the draft hasn't been as kind in recent years, though. Oft-injured cornerback Dee Milliner, No. 9 overall in 2013, is considered one of the franchise's biggest busts. Safety Calvin Pryor, the Jets' top pick in 2014, also never panned out. New York had 12 picks that year and only two remain on the roster: offensive lineman Dakota Dozier and wide receiver Quincy Enunwa, a sixth-rounder who has become a solid contributor.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dennis Waszak Jr., The Associated Press
Nuclear disarmament group ICAN coordinator Daniel Hogstan, executive director Beatrice Fihn and her husband Will Fihn Ramsay pose with a banner bearing the group's logo after ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran. Photo: Fabrice Coffrini/AFP
The 2017 Nobel peace prize for the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) is richly deserved. What difference does it make to ground realities? The prize is really a recognition of the audacious idea that states that have abjured nuclear weapons, the weakest and most marginalized, can lead us to a nuclear weapons-free world. It is equally audacious to suggest that states which say they need nuclear weapons for their security while others can't have them are actually inciting proliferation.
It is an idea that is hard to get your head around if you are thinking of the US, North Korea, Iran, Russia, China, India, Pakistan issues. I found it hard, too, in 2011. It took me a few months to understand it. Curiously, India supported this logic in opposing the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). Now it is busy building new weapons like other nuclear-armed states. ICAN has now brought democracy to disarmament.
The idea is so powerful that 122 states adopted the Treaty to Prohibit Nuclear Weapons (TPNW) on 7 July 2017. It bans all nukes. This is unprecedented. These states fought tooth and nail both at the UN General Assembly and the UN in Geneva against the machinations of the nuclear-armed, led by the US, to derail any attempt to have them band together without a veto from the all-powerful. I was witness to this every step of the way, the only civil society participant from India.
Will the Nobel peace prize make any difference to the ongoing nuclear stand-off between the US and North Korea? Is it a message to President Donald Trump not to ditch the Iran deal that most people in his own administration support? The questions distract. By awarding and recognizing ICAN's work translated into an actionable treaty banning all nuclear weapons, the Nobel committee has given the idea a powerful platform. ICAN and the many partner organizations and individuals spread across the world can no longer be dismissed as idealistic bleeding hearts. They represent, in fact, the reality of the day. Indeed, North Korea voted in favour of this idea, sending it to the UN to be negotiated as a treaty. It then withdrew at the UNGA, citing US intransigence.
The platform reminds the world of the perilous consequences of following the logic of deterrence, of mutual assured destruction. It reminds the world that there is an alternative and it is possible to change the game if the ground rules are changed. This is the history of disarmament through the chemical and biological weapons conventions, the landmines ban and the arms trade treaty. In each case, the law came first the reality changed later. Nothing was achieved in a day. They all took time. Even the NPT did not have near universal adherence when it first began. Today, even India, which is a non-signatory nuclear-armed state, cannot escape its impact and swears by the non-proliferation regime. ICAN's approach was galling to the nuclear-armed. They were repeatedly told that a treaty prohibiting nuclear weapons is possible even without the participation of the nuclear-armed. ICAN had history on its side, while the nuclear-armed just had egos. Isn't it ironic that the US administration now admonishes states wanting to ban all nukes as irresponsible, while threatening to annihilate North Korea?
The TPNW opened for signature on 20 September. It needs only 50 states to sign and ratify for it to come into force. Fifty signed it on Day One and ratifications are coming in easily. The Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) is in a limbo. The Fissile Material Cut-Off Treaty remains a pipe dream. The Conference on Disarmament in Geneva, that India loves to cite as the only forum with the mandate, has done no disarmament work in 20 years. Is it not audacious to negotiate and soon bring into effect an entire treaty that would legally prohibit all nuclear weapons? ICAN got a lot of help from key states. Norway did the initial handholding and then withdrew once the government changed. Vital impetus came from Austria, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa and many others. Fifty states sponsored the resolution in the United Nations that adopted the treaty. To get all these states to actually act, and not just talk, disarmament is truly monumental work.
Leading the charge have been some of the most amazing women in the field of disarmament. To mention a few, Rebecca Johnson, the firebrand who squared off with India's Arundhati Ghose over the CTBT; Beatrice Fihn, the executive director of ICAN, unmatched in coolness; Ray Acheson of Reaching Critical Will, whose editorials and ideas are some of the most powerful and clear-headed in this business; and Susy Snyder, who did a fabulous ‘Don't Bank on the Bomb' campaign. Among the men—the cool Daniel Hogsta, the super organizer Tim Wright and a quirky, former Australian diplomat, Richard Lenane, who stripped the nuclear-armed with wit, knowledge and social media campaigns such as Wildfire. There are many, many more. Nuclear disarmament is now the cool beat. More importantly it is the only hope we have.
Vidya Shankar Aiyar is an anti-nuclear weapons activist and is a partner of ICAN in India since 2011.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Georgia May Foote launched into an EPIC Twitter rant when she thought her ex-boyfriend was throwing shade at her in a cryptic tweet.
The former Coronation Street star lashed out at Sean Ward after he tweeted about karma.
Georgia, who played Katy Armstrong in Corrie, has had her say following reports that Sean appeared to throw shade in the tweet "‘karma is a patient b****"
Sean, who played murdered thug Callum Logan in the ITV1 soap, posted the tweet this week after it was revealed the Bury actress had split from her boyfriend George Alsford.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Georgia and Our Girl actor Sean, from Manchester, broke up in 2015 after her time on Strictly Come Dancing. She then went on to date her professional dance partner Giovanni Pernice.
Today Georgia tweeted: "Karma aint a b**** to people who do nothing wrong. Guilt makes people do/say funny things doesn't it. i always have to keep my mouth shut and i'm the one who gets the s*** say what u want cz i really dont care what u all think. I know everything about MY life."
She then wrote: "Being a woman is seriously s***. When will paper/magazine stop slandering us. Making us look like certain types of people when they have no idea about what happens in our lives. Sick to death of being a good person and letting s*** go to save other peoples backs."
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And Georgia added: "Leave me alone to live MY LIFE. And do my JOB."
After her split from model George, the soap star posted a reflective Instagram post saying: "I never thought my best memories would make me feel this way. Or that people could so easily delete and forget. But here's to making more. More that i will never forget."
Georgia , who was in Corrie for five years, and George dated for 18 months.
Last year Georgia's Corrie character Katy was killed off in a car accident and her ex Chesney brought their son Joseph back to the cobbles.
Thursday was the night of the paper airplanes at Wembley Stadium. Twitter user @adamjshergold Screengrab
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
The airline currently has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is "a golf bag containing golf clubs."
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after his 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker, 30, said the policy is "absurd" and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet told The Canadian Press in a statement that the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago "due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations."
The company said it's reviewing the aspect of the baggage policy related to golf bags, recognizing "the optics are poor."
It further said that travellers who want to bring more than two bags to Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago can do so through WestJet Cargo, its air shipping service.
The airline said it apologized to Walker and reached out to him in an attempt to resolve the issue. "It was never our intention to be discriminatory in this specific baggage policy," said Lauren Stewart, a spokeswoman for WestJet.
Walker said he received an apology and other messages from the company Wednesday afternoon but it was too late to help his mother, who was already in Jamaica.
He said he booked tickets for his mother, Nellrene Walker, so she could attend her sister's funeral in Jamaica. After paying for the tickets, he saw WestJet's baggage policy, and called customer service, he said.
In rural communities, sexual assaults are prevalent and women are desperately vulnerable. So what happens when an Eastern Cape mother defends her daughter against three armed rapists, killing one of the attackers? Self-defence or an unlawful killing? Carte Blanche untangles the issues.
Producer: Tarryn Crossman
Presenter: Claire Mawisa
PHOENIX (AP) — President Donald Trump says he may grant a pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio following his recent conviction in federal court, prompting outrage among critics who say the move would amount to an endorsement of racism.
The report was welcome news for the former Phoenix-area sheriff, who lost a re-election bid in November and who was convicted of misdemeanor contempt of court on July 31. But it angered immigrant rights activists and others who say it amounts to support for racism on the same day that Trump disavowed white nationalists whose rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, turned violent this weekend, leaving one woman dead.
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that Arpaio's officers racially profiled Latinos. But the sheriff refused to stop his immigration patrols, eventually leading to the criminal contempt of court case that he's embroiled in. it also contributed to his failed re-election bid last year.
Arpaio said Monday that he learned of the president's comments in the morning and was glad he stood by him.
“I didn't ask for it, but if he's going to offer, I will accept, because I'm not guilty. So appreciate his interest in my matter here in Phoenix,” Arpaio said.
Mark Goldman, his attorney, said he was filing two motions on Monday afternoon for a judgment of acquittal and to vacate the verdict for a new trial. The motions are not appeals.
“We're filing these motions because there was absolutely no evidence in support of the judge's verdict, the verdict was contrary to the evidence provided in court, and the verdict is a gross miscarriage of justice,” Goldman said.
Trump on Sunday called Arpaio “a great American patriot” and said he hates to see what has happened to him, according to the Fox News report.
On Monday, the president condemned hate groups and said racism is evil in a statement that was much more forceful than he'd made earlier after the weekend clashes in Virginia that left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who opposed a rally by white nationalists. The white nationalists were protesting a plan to remove a statute of Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” he said.
Cecillia Wang, deputy legal director for the ACLU, criticized the idea that Trump could pardon Arpaio, saying the former sheriff had violated court orders that prohibited illegal detention of Latinos.
“Make no mistake: This would be an official presidential endorsement of racism,” Wang said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Microsoft already has laid claim to its Edge browser being the most battery-efficient Web browser available on Windows 10, and now with the Creators Update, Microsoft touts even further gains in energy efficiency.
According to Microsoft's own tests, Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 Creators Update uses up to 31 percent less power than Google Chrome, and up to 44 percent less than Mozilla Firefox. Before you dismiss it as rather convenient that they did their own tests, they did make the methodology available and provided open-source testing tools for download, so you can run the tests yourself.
+ Also on Network World: Microsoft Edge gets 5 key improvements with the Creators Update +
In a rather lengthy blog post about the Edge browser's energy efficiency, Brandon Heenan, program manager for Microsoft Edge covered how Microsoft improved battery life in Edge with the Windows 10 Creators Update:
Improvements to EdgeHTML 15 are focused on not only improving the average power consumption in Microsoft Edge, but also making it more consistent. The 90th percentile has improved by 17 percent from the previous version of Microsoft Edge to the latest version.
Edge throttles the JavaScript timers for iframes that aren't visible and stops them from calculating animations that will never be seen. Users won't notice any difference visually, but Edge no longer runs code you don't see.
Say you have an animated iframe at the bottom of a page, but you are at the top of the page and have not scrolled down. You can't see the frame, so it will not animate it. They have added an additional layer of caching and optimizations to perform this operation with less CPU and less power.
Microsoft has implemented a standards-based framework for web pages to do this animation check without needing to constantly check for visibility on its own. This framework is called Intersection Observer. It's supported by other major browsers and is documented with a working draft through the W3C.
Edge now blocks Adobe Flash by default, but users have full control over whether to allow Flash or not.
Microsoft is tweaking and improving what's happening under the hood in Microsoft Edge using telemetry. By measuring how much time they are spending responding to different APIs in JavaScript, they are improving the response times.
BY PAUL LAGAN paul@slpmedia.co.uk
N'Golo Kante is as frustrated as the rest of the Chelsea players and fans following their 1-0 defeat to West Ham on Saturday and is quick to support under fire terms-mate Tiemoure Bakayoko.
“We didn't start the game in the best way,” he said.
“West Ham scored early in the game. We tried to react, we had some chances, but we didn't score and we lost to them. We are all disappointed because we wanted to win when we came here.”
One player the fans are starting to question his contribution on the pitch is Tiemoure Bakayoko, a £40million signing from Monaco in the summer.
But Kante is having none of it.
“He played a good game,” said the France midfielder.
“But at half-time the manager decided to change the tactics to put Pedro in because he is more offensive. That's why he was substituted but he was doing well.
“He is training hard and giving his best. We have to make him play in the best way.”
Is it a case of the team taking responsibility to get best out of him then?
“Yes,” He said.
“But not just Tiemoue, for everyone. We have to work together for the good of the team, for trying to win games. That is what we train doing.
“I think he is having a good time now at Chelsea. He is a professional. If he needs advice, I can give it to him. But it is the same at every club – try to work in training, to understand what the coach wants and give your best in the game. It is the same everywhere.”
Kante made their transition to the Premier League without a qualm.
What does bakayoko need to do?
“Not especially him,” suggested Kante.
“We just want to play how the manager wants and try to apply what the manager wants. To give our best on the pitch when we have the chance to play.”
The 1-0 defeat has, according to head coach Antonio Conte ended Chelsea's defensive of their Premier League title, so what was missing from their team at the London Stadium?
“The goal from West Ham put us in difficulty and after that we had some chances.
“They were really compact and aggressive. They fought for the victory and deserved to win.
“We tried to fight too but they scored the first goal and they fought to keep the result. They did well.”
New Delhi: Shikhar Dhawan was awarded the man-of-the-series for his brilliant form on his return to Test cricket as India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs to win the three-match series 3-0.
He was so elated to win the award that he danced his way to the podium to receive his trophy and prize money.
The southpaw hammered 358 runs from four innings at an average of 89.5. Dhawan also hit two hundreds including a career best 190 at Galle in the first Test.
Talking about his impressive performance in the post-match presentations, he said that the team management backs him to play his natural game and he is enjoying his batting currently.
Dhawan, who was initially not named in the squad for the Test series got an opportunity due to Murali Vijay's injury.
The Tamil Nadu opener was ruled out just before the series due to a wrist injury. The Delhi batsman benefited from it as he was called in to replace the No.1 opener after a brilliant ICC Champions Trophy in England, where he amassed 338 runs from five matches.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We've all seen the Haven adverts on TV depicting their adrenaline-inducing, fun-for-all-the-family retreats.
But just how much do you really know about Haven, what it is they are all about and where exactly their 38 parks are situated across the UK?
If you sat an average 2.4 children family down and you asked them to pitch their "ideal holiday" the chances are that the answers you'd receive from Mum and Dad to daughter and son would be very different.
What Haven aim to do, as they have done since their inception in the 60s, is create an all-inclusive environment that is able to cater for everyone.
"There's plenty to do," the official Haven website states. "Splash around the pool, try a round of golf and tackle the climbing wall if you dare. Or just sit back, relax and unwind. Whether you want to stay for three days or three weeks, it's fine with us."
Escaping reality from time-to-time is essential. It enables us with the opportunity to unwind, broaden our horizons and, often, create life-lasting memories.
It's no surprise then that one of the most popular times people book holidays is in the days after they've just returned from one.
The issue with these random acts of adventure, however, is that it's actually very difficult to determine exactly what point a break is necessary.
Taking Ownership
With prices starting at £19,995 and up to 38 parks across England, Wales and Scotland's idyllic coasts, more and more individuals are investing in their very own Haven holiday home.
"Nothing beats returning to a place you know really well," Haven's website states. "We know time away together is precious - a chance to have fun, recharge and reconnect."
"A caravan holiday home is your very own seaside retreat that you can share with family and friends, any time you like," it continues. "Everything you need is right here."
Aside from a wide-array of perks, events and facilities, being an owner opens the door to an exclusive community of like-minded individuals. Whatsmore, with your owner's VIP Privilege Card, you will get 15% off bars, restaurants and shops in the park as well as 50% off all sports and leisure activities.
So, if you're interested in purchasing your very own home-from-home - a personal sanctuary away from the stresses and strains that come hand-in-hand with modern-life - here is a list of the Haven parks closest to your area along with what Haven themselves had to say about them:
www.haven.com/ownership
The Lakes
Lakeland:- Lakeland Leisure Park is just a short drive from the iconic Lake District in Cumbria; it's ideally placed for exploring the Lakes again and again. Just about every inch of this wonderful National Park is glorious, from its tranquil lakes to some of the highest mountains in England. But when you just want to spend time in your home from home, there's plenty do at our park too. Water babies can enjoy not only indoor and outdoor pools, but also our very own lake and watersports centre. Dry-landers can follow our adventure trail or head up top to our Aerial Adventure course. And you can enjoy loads of facilities just for owners, like a restaurant, gym and sauna.
Blackpool
Cala Gran:- Cala Gran Holiday Park is right by the Lancashire coast and only a quick tram ride away from Blackpool. Whether you're looking for traditional end-of-the-pier fun, or a peaceful place between coast and country, we have it for you. You'll find soft sand and gorgeous dunes at Fleetwood and Cleveleys, while the Forest of Bowland is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. And the park itself is just chock-full of fun for grown-ups and little ones.
Cala Gran Holiday Park is right by the Lancashire coast and only a quick tram ride away from Blackpool. Whether you're looking for traditional end-of-the-pier fun, or a peaceful place between coast and country, we have it for you. You'll find soft sand and gorgeous dunes at Fleetwood and Cleveleys, while the Forest of Bowland is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. And the park itself is just chock-full of fun for grown-ups and little ones. Marton Mere:- You can see Blackpool Tower from Marton Mere Holiday Village – that's hardly surprising, as it's only three miles away. But if you're not in the mood for end-of-the-pier fun, don't worry. This peaceful park feels like it's a world away from the Golden Mile. It's named after the large mere (or lake) that's just next door. And there's a lovely nature reserve crammed with birds, butterflies and wildlife. If you feel like ranging further afield, there are loads more beautiful Lancashire countryside to explore. But if you don't feel like going out at all, that works too – we've got tons of Haven fun to keep you busy.
North Wales
Presthaven:- At Presthaven Beach Resort, we're perched on Wales's northernmost tip, close to five miles of sandy beaches on the north-eastern coast. We're moments from stretches of unspoilt sand dunes, protected and full of rare wildlife. And on the other side we're nestled up to glorious green countryside, perfect for hours of hillside walking. But on days when you don't feel like straying far, the park itself is packed with plenty to do. When the sun's out, our Aerial Adventure course and outdoor lazy river get a chance to shine. And on those famous rainy Welsh days, the indoor sports hall and heated indoor pool are just perfect.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hafan y Mor:- This great big North Wales park is full with fun: every inch of Hafan-y-Môr's 500 acres is filled with different types of top activities. Whether you prefer watery pastimes in our huge pool and lake, or dry high jinks indoors and out, there's something here for you. And it's slap-bang in the middle of spectacular Snowdonian scenery, with the stunning national park just a 25-minute drive away. Wonderful walks, breathtaking landscapes and the highest peak in Wales, will all be on your doorstep every time you visit. But when you fancy sticking closer to home, our own wild grounds and gardens are a great setting for relaxation.
This great big North Wales park is full with fun: every inch of Hafan-y-Môr's 500 acres is filled with different types of top activities. Whether you prefer watery pastimes in our huge pool and lake, or dry high jinks indoors and out, there's something here for you. And it's slap-bang in the middle of spectacular Snowdonian scenery, with the stunning national park just a 25-minute drive away. Wonderful walks, breathtaking landscapes and the highest peak in Wales, will all be on your doorstep every time you visit. But when you fancy sticking closer to home, our own wild grounds and gardens are a great setting for relaxation. Greenacres:- Greenacres Holiday Park is an epic spot for fun and outdoor pursuits. It's so close to the spectacular Snowdonia National Park – you can drink in the rugged wilds and verdant views of North Wales every day. And we've got loads to do for kids of every size. We're sure they'll make good use of our pools, play areas and all the activities. And they're bound to love Black Rock Sands: miles of Blue Flag beach running right alongside the park. But all of this is shared with our two nearby sister parks, Cardigan View and Garreg Wen – so don't forget to look those up too!
If you are interested in investing in a holiday home located slightly further afield, you will find a map below illustrating all 38 parks Haven have situated across 22 locations in the UK. Click on this link to find out more information on each of them.
YouTube | Twitter | Blog | Facebook | Instagram | Pinterest
RIYADH — The first batch of Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman's guests will arrive in the Kingdom on Wednesday to perform Umrah at the King's personal expense.
“As many as 220 men and women will be arriving in the Kingdom from 15 countries in Asia and Africa as King's guests,” said Sheikh Saleh Bin Abdulaziz Al-Asheikh, Minister of Islamic Affairs, Call and Guidance who is the supervisor of the program.
He said the guests will be prominent Islamic personalities who have rendered good services to Islam and Muslims.
The King every year invites a number of Muslims from various parts of the world to perform Umrah and Haj as his guests.
Al-Asheikh said the guests will be coming from Malaysia, India, Pakistan, Nigeria, Senegal, Chad, Cote d'Ivoire, Mali, Sri Lanka, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Azerbaijan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
The King also every year invites for Haj about 1,000 Palestinians who are families of the martyrs.
IQ assessment: Much more intelligent than a windup toy.
Price: 39,800 yen ($350 US)
Size: 10 centimetres height seated; 183 grams in weight.
Potential: Toyota is considering connecting Kirobo to car-navigation and smart-driving capabilities. It now connects to the latest Prius hybrid, placed in a special dock that links to car navigation, but only has basic functions like reminding the driver to turn off the headlights. It won't do any driving.
Aibo
Sony Corp.'s Aibo robot dog is back with all its disarming and unpredictable charm.
The Japanese maker of the PlayStation video game consoles pulled the plug on Aibo 12 years ago, drawing an outcry from global fans.
The improved Aibo has more natural looking eyes, thanks to advanced OLED, or organic light-emitting diodes. It can cock its head and sway its hips at more varied, subtle angles. Sony says its "heart," more aptly its brain, is in an internet "cloud" service that serves as Aibo's memory. In theory, it could, with time and work, develop its canine artificial intelligence.
Aibo has a high-pitched electronic "bark," but can't otherwise talk. Like the original model, it responds to a pink ball and a pink plastic bone, to voices and to petting. It can crouch on its belly, strut around and wag its tail, do tricks like picking up the plastic bone with its mouth or lifting its paws. It seems to pant with joy when petted, and can perk an ear like it's listening.
Sony's Yusuke Kozuka says that given recent advances in robotics and AI, the time seemed right for a new Aibo.
Aibo went on sale Jan. 11 in Japan. The first batch of advance orders, in November, sold out in 30 minutes. Overseas sales are being considered but still undecided.
IQ assessment: Puppy-level.
Price: 198,000 yen ($1,800 US), but extra costs for cloud and maintenance services.
Size: 30.5 centimetres long body; 2.2 kilograms in weight.
Potential: Not a disappointment for hard-core fans, but does it have enough mass appeal to be a big seller?
Qoobo
A fuzzy, huggable cushion with a whimsically swishy tail, Qoobo (pronounced koo-boh) is designed to deliver a calming therapeutic effect for the cat-lover who can't have a real kitty.
This companion robot is ingenuous in its simplicity — much is purposely left to the imagination: It has no face or whiskers, no legs and no purr, just a responsive tail that wags slowly when it is gently stroked and energetically when it is tapped, so it could be a dog.
"Some say this reflects the Japanese cultural ability to appreciate negative space in art," says Tsubasa Tominaga of Tokyo-based Yukai Engineering, which designed Qoobo.
He said Japanese prefer to interact with cute things, not digital assistants on impersonal gadgets, as Apple does with Siri and Amazon with Alexa.
A single charge will have your pillow-with-a-tail wagging for eight hours. It's available for through a fundraising site and online orders. Delivery, now only for Japan and the U.S., is set for later this year.
IQ assessment: Not really needed for a cushion.
Price: About 10,000 yen ($90 US) with a definite price being set later.
Size: 33 centimetres by 54 centimetres; 1,000 grams in weight.
Potential: Not for every home but unobtrusive and cheap enough to catch on with some.
The Associated Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Clarkson has said he's learned a "valuable lesson" after Twitter users accused him of 'liking' porn videos on the site.
The Grand Tour presenter, who has been resting up after being taken ill with severe pneumonia during a holiday to Spain, had appeared to 'like' two X-rated videos on the micro-blogging site.
"Is someone going to tell pervy @JeremyClarkson we can see his likes or shall I? #awkward," one of his followers tweeted.
(Image: Twitter/@JeremyClarkson)
(Image: Twitter/@JeremyClarkson)
Alongside the tweet they shared a screen grab of two explicit videos that Clarkson had apparently 'liked'.
After being inundated with tweets, the 57-year-old decided to clear up any confusion.
He wrote: “Valuable lesson learned about not leaving your phone unattended when there are drunk people about.”
His post sparked a flurry of witty responses from his followers, with one joking: "He's telling the truth, he's just not told us the drunk person was himself."
"That the best excuse u came up with haha," said a second.
However, a third was far more sympathetic: "Thought you might have been hacked. You need a screen lock code."
The former Top Gear star was left bedridden after falling ill on holiday in Mallorca earlier this month.
Jeremy revealed a doctor told him: “A healthy person's CRP should be five - yours is 337. If you don't do as I say, you will die.”
The Grand Tour host is expected to be off work for two months recovering.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nick Grimshaw has confirmed he's quitting BBC Radio 1's Breakfast Show.
And bosses have already announced his replacement.
He's hosted the radio show for six years, but says that it was never going to be his "forever job".
While he's had the 'time of his life', Nick says he's decided it's time for a change and a new show.
The former X Factor judge is swapping shows with pal Greg James, meaning he'll now host in the 4pm slot.
He said he's looking forward to being woken up by his friend every day.
(Image: nicholasgrimshaw/Instagram)
(Image: BBC)
"It was always my dream to do the Breakfast Show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream everyday for what will be 6 years. But 6 years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life," Grimmy said.
"I've decided it's time for a change and a new show. I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
"I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours @gregjames17 and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it.️"
(Image: Handout)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
On his show this morning, Nick told listeners that he's "really tired" and is ready to depart his early morning hosting slot after doing it for longer than he first thought he would.
The DJ said: "Come September it will be six years... I've decided it's time for a change, time for a new show and, most importantly, it's going to be time for a new wake-up time... preferably about 11.30.
Greg then appeared on the programme and admitted to feeling nervous about announcing his new role as the Breakfast Show host.
He told Nick: "I did not sleep one hour last night just thinking about it... it's too much."
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He added that it's a "big challenge" and he's "ready to give this a go".
The job swap comes after some backlash that both Nick and Greg were both dropping one day from their work schedule but keeping their full salaries.
People were left up in arms that 33-year-old Nick would still earn between £350,000 and £399,000 a year despite dropping Fridays.
And it was said that Greg, 32, would continue to pull in between £150,000 and £199,000 a year despite also dropping his Friday drive-time show.
In April, Radio 1 announced they were reshaping their schedule into a three-day weekend.
The new line-up meant the weekend schedule would run Friday to Sunday with new shows involving Former Saturdays star Mollie King, TV host Alice Levine and Maya Jama, who were all being given Friday shows.
McIlroy always says that when he's playing well, it's hard to remember ever playing poorly. And when he's playing poorly, it's hard to remember what it was like to play well. But he has a history of going through spurts of mediocrity, and coming out of it strong without notice. Most memorable was in 2012 when he missed the cut four times in five tournaments. Two months later, he won the PGA Championship and consecutive FedEx Cup playoff events.
Three times in his career, McIlroy has won in his next start after missing the cut. Five other times, he won after finishing out of the top 30.
That's why he wasn't the least bit concerned after missing the cut at the Valspar Championship.
"It's such a fine line out here, and I might have sounded crazy the last few weeks when I was telling everyone it actually feels pretty close and I'm not that far away, and I'm putting up 72s and 73s," he said. "And all of a sudden, it all clicks into place and I end up winning a golf tournament by three shots and shooting 8 under on the last day. So it's fine lines out here. I think you have to play the game to really appreciate that. It's not as black and white as some people make it out to be."
He could think of only one time he was genuinely worried about his game.
McIlroy was 19 and in his first full year as a pro in 2008. He had only two top 10s all year on the European Tour. He wasn't eligible for any of the majors. He had missed three straight cuts in Sweden, Holland and Scotland. He was concerned he might lose his card. And then he lost in a playoff in Switzerland, lost in another playoff in Hong Kong and won his first pro event early in the next year.
"And I was off and running," he said.
McIlroy reached No. 50 with that playoff loss in Hong Kong, and he hasn't fallen out since then. He's had a few dips, sure, "but it's not as if I've had to panic."
Palmer and McIlroy share one other connection, at least for now. They are one leg short of the Grand Slam. Palmer never won the PGA Championship. McIlroy needs the Masters. When they had dinner at Bay Hill in 2015 — right before McIlroy's first crack at the fourth leg of the slam — the topic never came up.
"It's amazing to think, all that Arnold did in the game, he never won that Grand Slam," McIlroy said.
McIlroy at the Masters, Phil Mickelson at the U.S. Open and Jordan Spieth at the PGA Championship each have a chance at the career slam this year.
"I'm glad to be part of that conversation, get the first shot at it in a few weeks," McIlroy said. "So we'll see how we go."
His game is never far away, even if it doesn't look like it at times.
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
United Nations: The world body has received reports of Naxalites using children to fight in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand and of terrorists burning at least 30 schools in Kashmir last year, according to Secretary-General Antonio Guterres.
In his annual report on Children in Armed Conflict, Guterres said: "Children continued to be affected by incidents of violence between armed groups and the government, in particular in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, as well as tensions in Jammu and Kashmir."
"The United Nations continued to receive reports of the recruitment and use of children by armed groups, including the Naxalites, in particular in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand," he said.
At least 30 schools were burned and partially destroyed by armed groups in Jammu and Kashmir according to government reports, he said.
"In addition, government reports confirmed the military use of four schools by security forces in that region for several weeks."
Guterres`s report for 2016, however, shows that the prevalence of the use of children by Naxalites and other armed groups had come down to only two states compared to six in the previous year.
In the report for 2015 released last year, the then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon had said the Naxalites were using children as young as six in Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Odisha and West Bengal.
Guterres's report covering conflicts during 2016 was sent to the Security Council on Thursday.
The report recorded far more violations against children by terrorists and other armed groups than by governments.
It said there were about 4,000 verified cases involving government forces and over 11,500 by non-state armed groups in the 20 nations covered in the report.
"I call upon the (Indian) government to develop appropriate mechanisms to protect children from recruitment, as well as to separate and reintegrate recruited children," Guterres said.
"I also urge the Government to ensure the protection of children from any form of violence in the context of civil unrest or law and order operations."
"Children continued to be killed and injured in the context of operations of national security forces against Maoist armed groups," Guterres said, but did not provide any numbers.
According to the Home Affairs Ministry, 213 civilians were killed in encounters, an increase from the 171 in 2015, but the number of children were not provided, his report said.
"Armed groups reportedly resorted to abduction and threats against parents in order to recruit children, who subsequently underwent military training and served as messengers, informants or guards in child squads (bal dasta)," Guterres said in the latest report.
In what he described as a "troubling development," Maoists were allegedly providing combat training as part of the curriculum in several schools they were running in Chhattisgarh.
In one incident recounted in the report, police moved 23 children threatened with abduction by armed groups in Gumla district, Jharkhand, in March 2016 and "supported their enrollment in schools".
However, he added, "unverified reports suggest that police may be using children formerly associated with armed groups as informants, potentially making them targets for retaliation."
Guterres also said that because of "access restrictions" to the conflict area the UN was not able to verify the incidents.
This week, LoHi welcomed another new restaurant — Marcella's Ristorante, Pizzeria and Wine Bar. From the same restaurant group as Ocean Prime — which is opening another Ocean Prime in the Denver Tech Center next summer — Marcella's Denver is the third location for the Italian restaurant, but it's the first in the Mile High. The other two are both in Columbus, Ohio.
“Marcella's was named after the cook and house manager at a villa in Tuscany that I visited many times with my family,” said Cameron Mitchell, CEO and founder of Cameron Mitchell Restaurants. “When we created the concept for an Italian restaurant, we thought it was only fitting to name the restaurant after Marcella and her authentic Italian cuisine. Everything we serve at Marcella's is just the way Marcella would have made it.”
The Space
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Marcella's is a brightly lit, larger version of a trattoria from Tuscany — complete with bright red awnings, detailed ceiling tiles and gold detailing. Although it comes from the same group as Ocean Prime, Marcella's feels like a casual, Italian cousin to the more formal steakhouse.
Seating 152 guests inside and 40 outside on the patio overlooking downtown Denver, the restaurant isn't small by any means, but it maintains a community atmosphere with its casual t-shirt clad staff, wine served in water glasses and its warm lighting. Bonus — they also have complimentary valet every night for dinner.
The Food & Drinks
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
If you're going to go Italian, you're probably wanting wine — and we'd suggest any of the Chianti's on the list to pair with the Tuscan food — and Marcella's serves its selection by the glass, half bottle or whole bottle. As if the cocktails, sangria, local beer and more than 50 wine options weren't confusing enough, we've always found Italian menus to be the most difficult to order from — only because there are so many tempting options, it's hard to choose just one. Marcella's is no exception. From cold antipasti and warm appetizers — like the melted Pecorino cheese ($13) served with crostini, fresh apple and truffle honey — to the pastas, pizzas and specialty entrees, it was hard to pick just one thing. But, when our waitress called their braised veal meatball the “eighth wonder of the world,” we were sold. It is larger than a softball, it comes as an appetizer ($10) or on top of several pastas — including the spaghetti ($17) with marinara and grated parmesan and the fettuccini ($17) with torn bread crumbs, alfredo and tomato marinara. We ordered the former, but in any forms, that meatball really is heaven — crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, it breaks open with a tiny push of the fork.
If you're looking for a way squeeze in some veggies, we loved the Antipastis — the section with six cold dishes. You can choose three options for $18 or five for $24, but one of them has to be the Sicilian Caponata with roasted eggplant, salad, olives and capers.
If you're planning a visit with friends, we suggest bringing a bunch — with nine pizzas, seven pastas and nine other specialties and featured entrees, you're going to want people to share with. Although I'm pretty sure we won't be sharing the Crispy Potato Pizza ($16) with pancetta, parmesan onions, taleggio cheese and arugula next time we're there.
Marcella's is located at 1801 Central Street, Denver. It is open Monday through Thursday from 4 to 10 p.m.; Friday from 4 p.m. to midnight; Saturday for brunch from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.and dinner from 4 p.m. to midnight; Sunday for brunch from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. and dinner from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Olivier Giroud has revealed he is obsessed in playing in the World Cup – and claimed he is open to a move away from Arsenal next month to keep his place.
And he said he would have moved in the summer window if he had received better offers.
The France striker scored a late equaliser at Southampton yesterday – his fourth Premier League goal from the bench this season
Giroud has yet to start a league game this season but Arsene Wenger insisted he will not leave in the January window. “It's up to us,” said the Gunners boss.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
But in a TV documentary to be shown by L'Equipe TV tonight, the £13m striker reveals how he is driven to make the France squad in Russia next summer.
“The World Cup, I have it in my head every week, almost every day,” Giroud said. “Every time I go on the pitch, it is to be the most efficient with the objective of the World Cup.”
Giroud nearly joined Everton in the summer – and said France coach Didier Deschamps has urged him to get more game time.
“The coach has the habit, during get-togethers, of warning me about this.
(Image: AFP)
“He has told me things he had said before, which is totally logical and which I understand. He wants me to play more.
“If I couldn't leave this summer, it was because of the opportunities that I had. I did not to leave.
“But it is sure that at the end, even in January, it is again going to be necessary to ask myself the question.
“It will not be easy to find the right solution and take the right decision. But we will study the opportunities.”
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on France's two-round presidential election (all times local):
6:25 p.m.
French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron has pledged to represent an “open, confident, winning France” in contrast with his far-right and far-left rivals.
Without naming them, Macron suggested Monday that far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and far-left leader Jean-Luc Melenchon want to isolate France form the rest of the world. Speaking at a big rally in Paris, Macron says “Some want us to believe … that France will isolate itself.”
Advertisement
Warning against the consequences of a vote for the far-right, he said “we feel everywhere the temptation of barbarism ready to surge in other guises.”
Macron, an independent centrist with pro-business, pro-European views, is among the front-runners in France's unpredictable presidential race. The top two vote-getters in the first round Sunday will advance to the May 7 presidential runoff.
___
12:50 p.m.
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right rival Marine Le Pen hope to rally big crowds in Paris with their rival visions for Europe's future.
Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, enjoying a late poll surge, is campaigning on a barge Monday floating through the canals of Paris. And conservative candidate Francois Fillon is taking his tough-on-security campaign to the southern French city of Nice, which was scarred by a deadly truck attack last year that killed 86 people.
The French presidential race is being watched internationally as an important gauge of populist sentiment, and the outcome is increasingly uncertain just six days before Sunday's first round vote.
Le Pen's nationalist rhetoric and Melenchon's anti-globalization campaign have resonated with French voters sick of the status quo. Macron, meanwhile, is painting himself as an anti-establishment figure seeking to bury the traditional left-right spectrum that has governed France for decades.
___
10 a.m.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron, a former investment banker well connected in the business world, has fended off questions about his elitist image on BFM television.
He says Monday “the money I earned in my life, I earned it. I have not been given gifts.”
He accused rivals of pandering to Russian President Vladimir Putin, and tried to distance himself from Fillon, whose austerity-focused campaign has been damaged by accusations that he misused taxpayer money to pay his wife and children for government jobs that they allegedly did not perform. French investigators are probing the case.
Fillon denies wrongdoing and is focusing instead on security issues that resonate with many voters after two years of deadly attacks across the country.
TOKYO (AP) — Toyota has revamped its plug-in hybrid with a longer cruising range and quicker charging, including from a regular home plug, hoping it will sell better than the first model from five years ago that officials acknowledged had flopped.
Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius PHV plug-in went on sale in Japan on Wednesday. Sales in the U.S. started late last year, and it is set to launch in Europe and other countries in March.
Toyota hopes to sell 2,500 PHV cars in Japan a month. It gave no overseas targets. It sold only 22,000 of the earlier PHVs.
The lackluster sales contrast with Toyota's leadership in hybrid vehicles; it has sold 10 million globally since the first Prius went on sale in 1997.
Nearly half of the vehicles Toyota sells in Japan are hybrid models. Toyota, which also makes the Camry sedan, offers hybrids across the entire spectrum of models, including sport-utility vehicles and Lexus luxury cars.
But Toyota suffered a setback in another ecological technology, fuel cells, which run on hydrogen fuel. All 2,800 Mirai fuel-cell vehicles on roads — 1,200 in the U.S., 1,500 in Japan and 140 in Europe — were recalled globally Wednesday for defective software.
If the gas pedal is pushed fully after the vehicle makes a long descent using cruise control, a surge in voltage can cause the fuel system to stop running, according to Toyota.
A hybrid switches between a gas engine and an electric motor. A plug-in hybrid can travel further as a pure electric vehicle, which is zero-emission, but needs recharging when its battery is spent.
The cruising range of the new plug-in as an EV is 68.2 kilometers (42.4 miles), about five times the earlier model's 26.4 kilometers (16.4 miles).
It also charges about twice as fast, in two hours and 20 minutes, from a 200-volt outlet and in 14 hours at a 100-volt outlet. At a special charging machine, it reaches an 80 percent charge in just 20 minutes.
Toyota Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada, known as “the father of the Prius,” said he had no idea how long it will take for global plug-in sales to reach a million.
He acknowledged hybrid sales have suffered as the recent drop in gas prices helped sales of sport-utility vehicles. But in the long run, consumers will opt for ecological vehicles because of growing worries about the environment, he said.
By 2050, Toyota foresees reducing emissions by 90 percent from 2010 levels — meaning that almost every vehicle on roads will be running on some kind of green technology, be it hybrids, electric, plug-in or fuel cell.
“PHV is key to that step in making eco-cars widespread,” Uchiyamada said. “This is a product we are proud of.”
___
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
Big Island Mayor Harry Kim tried to console a community at a meeting Tuesday night in Pahoa. (Image: Hawaii News Now)
We will get through this. Together.
That was Big Island Mayor Harry Kim's message on Tuesday night to hundreds of Puna residents impacted by ongoing volcanic eruptions.
Nearly four weeks after the first fissure opened in Leilani Estates, the eruptions show no sign of stopping. In fact, they're more vigorous than ever, claiming main thoroughfares, gobbling up homes and forcing more evacuations.
So far, the lava has claimed at least 112 structures in lower Puna, including 71 homes.
At the meeting Tuesday, Kim tried to console a community facing a disaster that's upended their lives — and whose end is nowhere in sight.
"We will be alright," Kim said, speaking in the cadence of a minister at times as he addressed a crowded cafeteria at Pahoa High
"But we need to join hands to be all right and help each other. Nature is taking its course and this is our job. Our job is to recognize that. Stay out of harm's way and help each other through this adjustment."
During his address, Kim also said the county will continue to allow residents back to their homes in evacuation zones as long as it's safe to do so.
And, he added, watching so many struggle in recent weeks as lava continues to claim homes has been tough.
"You're going through a very, very difficult time," he said. "What is happening in lower Puna is something that no one alive has ever experienced."
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ann Widdecombe is the runner-up of this year's Celebrity Big Brother.
The retired politician has finished in second place, just behind winner Shane Jenek aka Courtney Act .
She has previously said that she was shocked to make it so far in the contest as she knows she has "unfashionable views".
Ann, 70, clashed with her housemates on a number of occasions over things like gay marriage and abortion rights.
As she chatted to host Emma Willis, she said: "Do you know how many times I've turned this programme down?"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
Ann was asked if she enjoyed her time in the house, and she said: "I'll let you know when I've seen the footage."
She said she definitely enjoyed it more than she thought she would, because she didn't think she'd enjoy it at all.
She added that living with 15 other people was "terrible".
Ann said: "I was woken up by awful pop music by Big Brother some days and it was even followed by an obscene performance one day."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: WireImage)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant revealed that her new hairstyle had been inspired by housemate Malika Haqq, who had a make-shift salon in the house.
Emma asked if she was looking forward to going back home to her cats and Ann said: "I don't have cats, that's misinformation."
"Oh, I thought you had cats," Emma said.
And Ann told her: "Well, I did have cats. They've all died."
Ann said that Shane J has NOT given her any food for thought during their discussions in the house.
And she said that the main reason she's so excited about coming second is because it's an "endorsement of free speech", saying she exercised her right to air her unfashionable views.
Ann also slammed Emma's interview style telling her: "If you stick with line of questioning then all you're going to get is no, no, no."
Emma lately said Ann had 'put her in her place'.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sarah Harding 's relationship with Chad Johnson is set to heat up tonight - despite Jemma Lucy's interferance.
The former Girls Aloud singer and hunky reality TV star can't keep their hands off each other during tonight's task that will see Sarah dress as a cheerleader while Chad is every inch the dashing American footballer.
In touching scenes, Sarah will tell him: "I feel myself when we're hanging out, I feel safe."
But despite the pair's blossoming romance, Jemma Lucy is still doing her best to keep them apart.
(Image: C5)
(Image: C5)
(Image: C5)
Chad tells Jemma: "It was a pretty good kiss [with Sarah]."
Jemma warns him: "Whatever you do, do not sleep with her unless she's single. You can not do that."
Later, Sarah and Chad are spotted sleeping in adjacent single beds.
But despite the separate beds, the lovebirds are spotted holding hands under the cover of darkness.
(Image: C5)
(Image: C5)
(Image: C5)
(Image: C5)
It looks like their tender relationship is continuing to flourish despite the scrutiny of other house mates.
Also on tonight's show, Real Housewives star Brandi Glanville is seen warning the Bachelorette star that he's being "strung along" by the singer - as she has a "boyfriend on the outside".
Brandi and Chad will be shown having a quiet discussion in the house bathroom.
(Image: Channel 5)
Probing Chad, 30, about his kiss with the 35-year-old star on Friday's eviction night, Brandi warned her fellow American to be careful of getting his heart broken.
"This is a really confusing situation," Chad told the blonde bombshell, who didn't mince her words when she addressed the Sarah (who admitted she was seeing another man before she entered the house) situation.
"I feel like you're being strung along," she told Chad in a very serious manner.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
Looking slightly hurt and confused as he sat brushing his teeth, Chad replied: "I'm being played? Why would she do that?"
Brandi explained her thoughts on the matter, saying: "Because she has a boyfriend and you're allowing it. I think it's hard because you're in the same room and she's really needy with you.
"I want you to be careful and I don't want you to get hurt. Don't get played, Chad, don't get played!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
CBB : Sarah Harding and Chad Johnson lock lips!
Taking things up a notch, she added: "I don't want you to look like a little b***h and that's kind of how it's coming off in my eyes... like a puppy dog who will do whatever she says.
"She gets the sexiest guy, you get a broken heart, she keeps her boyfriend as well."
Taking Brandi's comments on board, a sullen Chad said: "We just kissed, we didn't do any stuff. It was like a high school make out."
* Celebrity Big Brother continues tonight at 9pm on Channel 5
Vice president Venkaiah Naidu. The winter session of Parliament will begin on 15 December and last until 5 January. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: There is a serious need to consider a proposal for Parliament to meet for a minimum of 100 days a year, vice-president M. Venkaiah Naidu said on Monday, ahead of the legislature's winter session.
Speaking on “the importance of legislature” in a lecture organized by the PRS Legislative Research, Naidu said his priority in his first session as chairman of the Rajya Sabha will be to ensure that the house functions smoothly—“where every member, even the backbenchers, are given an opportunity.”
“This will be the first session since I have taken over. It is a good moment to reflect on this theme ahead of the upcoming parliament session,” Naidu said. He added, “I will work with all party leaders during the Winter Session and try to build a congenial environment in which public issues and national concerns can be discussed and where every member is given a reasonable opportunity to present her or his perspective.”
The winter session of Parliament will begin on Friday and last until 5 January.
Naidu said that political parties need to decide on the minimum number of days the house should function.
“The number of sittings and the bills being passed are important indicators of the functioning of the Parliament. Some suggestions have been made for a minimum of 100 sittings in a year for both the houses. There is serious need to consider the proposal that Parliament should meet for at least 100 days a year. Political parties need to seriously consider the number of minimum days for which Parliament should meet” he said.
However, Naidu added that through standing committees, Parliament functions throughout the year.
“Contrary to the perception that Parliament meets only during sessions, committee meetings are held all round the year. Over 400 meetings of standing committees held. This means that Parliament is functioning all round the year. Department related standing committees is a major introduction. They are like mini-parliament. This is in addition to Parliament function. The kind of consensus which happens in these meetings, is not possible in any political and all party meetings.” He said an area of concern is the thin attendance of members in both Parliament and state legislatures.
Imagine paying someone to build your dream home, which is both innovative and environmentally friendly, only for the contractor to leave you out of pocket and homeless. Carte Blanche exposes a green, modular home designer who promises a quick, cost-effective way of creating an energy saving, low maintenance home, but instead delivers shoddy, unsafe structures which get condemned and sometimes demolished.
Producer: Nicky Troll
Presenter: Devi Sankaree Govender
Shah Rukh Khan introduces the topic and the speaker, and takes his place in the midst of the audience, letting the TED format crisply do its thing.
The first time I remember using the TED Talks app on my iPad many, many years ago, it tossed up a host of options: the time I had at hand, subjects I was interested in, the mood the talk should have. After I parsed these parameters, the app helpfully presented me with a selection of ideally sized and shaped talks, after which I saved a couple for later and went back to see if the app could handle much odder demands. I don't remember if I'd hunted for a talk on thermodynamics weighing in under seven minutes, or a discussion on heteronormative stereotypes in television writing, but the fact remains that the app can deal with whatever you throw at it. There is a TED Talk for everything.
This makes TED a remarkable resource, certainly, but it also means it has generated too much content for us to sift. There are fascinating talks we'll never individually stumble upon, and superlative ones being watched by far too few people. This is why we rely on curators to pick out things and point us in the right direction, and with the new Star Plus show TED Talks India Nayi Soch —Sunday evenings at 7pm on Star Plus, streaming on Hotstar—Shah Rukh Khan walks us through a playlist of talks he finds interesting.
This ought to be a highly effective approach. As many of us on social media would attest, even a stray comment from a relatively minor celebrity gets favourited and liked and shared several hundred times over, not to mention the love it gets from various real (and very unreal) fan clubs. In a world like this, the fact that Khan is introducing a talk advocating better living conditions to those living in underdeveloped urban settlements makes sure the reach for that particular talk is exponentially amplified. This show is basically Shah Rukh sharing articles he thinks we should read and—going by the way even a “good morning” text from the star receives demonstrative adoration from the masses—these retweets are endorsements.
It is great to see Khan, a charming and articulate speaker, step back from the spotlight and give it to thinkers and achievers from other fields. Khan introduces the topic and the speaker, and takes his place in the midst of the audience, letting the TED format crisply do its thing. In the first episode telecast on Sunday, the speakers included Gautam Bhan, an expert on human settlements; Shubhendu Sharma, a former engineer who now makes urban forests; Dr Manu Prakash, a physicist who showed how effective low-cost science experiments can be; Sneha Khanwalkar, a popular music composer; Manju Kapoor, a novelist speaking about the need for Indian men to have better emotional education; and finally Anirudh Sharma, a young scientist who—inspired by Khan's Swades—came back to India and has found a way to reduce carbon-dioxide and harvest ink from polluted air.
These are all speakers and subjects that—at first glance—we might not have chosen from TED's unending lineup. Most of them aren't buzzy enough to immediately go viral and be shared over and over on Facebook, earning their weight in “wow” emojis. This is what makes the selection a good one, a thoughtfully considered one that focusses on making the viewer contemplate and converse about the issues discussed. Bhan, for example, made an immediate impact by appealing to us not to call settlements—the Hindi word for which is the soothing word “basti”, which literally means “to settle”—by the pejorative term “slums”. With Khan promising the same, I already expect many young Indians to stop using the word.
Khan is in fine touch, relaxed and confident without trying too hard. He does occasionally emphasise his exclamation marks somewhat too hard—the opening “Let's talk, India” clarion call comes with an over-urgency like he's saying the words for the first time, and later in the show he dramatically says “After all, I'm an Indian man too” as if this were a revelation—but he does rather well overall, and looks genuinely interested. This is what makes the difference and could make TED Talks India Nayi Soch a success.
This is a clearly well-intentioned show, one that has masterfully avoided the Bollywood circus (while hiring one of its top ringmasters) as well as overt emotionality as we saw in Aamir Khan's distractingly tear-stained Satyamev Jayate. This show features speakers talking about their passions while Khan and other audience members look on, utterly engrossed by what is being said. Your mileage may vary regarding the speakers and talks themselves—I liked Bhan and Sharma's presentations best, while Khanwalkar's was disappointing and Kapoor offered no new insight—but the “interested audience” shots function in this narrative like a laugh track does in a sitcom. Here, then, is to that delightful idea: that of intrigue itself being an infectious thing.
Raja Sen tweets @rajasen
As America Turns A Year Older, Poll Finds Patriotism Has Slipped A Bit NPR's Ailsa Chang talks with Gallup Editor-in-Chief Frank M. Newport about a new poll that finds, for the first time, that less than half of Americans are extremely proud of their citizenship.
As America Turns A Year Older, Poll Finds Patriotism Has Slipped A Bit As America Turns A Year Older, Poll Finds Patriotism Has Slipped A Bit As America Turns A Year Older, Poll Finds Patriotism Has Slipped A Bit of Audio will be available later today. NPR's Ailsa Chang talks with Gallup Editor-in-Chief Frank M. Newport about a new poll that finds, for the first time, that less than half of Americans are extremely proud of their citizenship. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Description :
Wind converters-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Wind converters industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Wind converters 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Wind converters worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Wind converters market
Market status and development trend of Wind converters by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Wind converters, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022754-wind-converters-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Wind converters market as:
Global Wind converters Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Wind converters Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Induction
Permanent magnet
DFIG
Geared drive
Direct drive
Global Wind converters Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Onshore
Offshore
Global Wind converters Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Wind converters Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Siemens
ABB
GE
Ingeteam
Infineon Technologies
NR Electric
The Switch
Tyer Wind
Plant Engineering
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022754-wind-converters-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Wind converters
1.1 Definition of Wind converters in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Wind converters
1.2.1 Induction
1.2.2 Permanent magnet
1.2.3 DFIG
1.2.4 Geared drive
1.2.5 Direct drive
1.3 Downstream Application of Wind converters
1.3.1 Onshore
1.3.2 Offshore
1.4 Development History of Wind converters
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Wind converters 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Wind converters Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Wind converters Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Wind converters 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Wind converters by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Wind converters by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Wind converters by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Wind converters by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Wind converters by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Wind converters by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Wind converters by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Wind converters by Types
3.2 Production Value of Wind converters by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Wind converters by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Wind converters by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Wind converters by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Wind converters
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Wind converters Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Wind converters Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Wind converters by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Wind converters by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Wind converters by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Wind converters Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Wind converters Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Wind converters Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Siemens
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Wind converters Product
7.1.3 Wind converters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Siemens
7.2 ABB
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Wind converters Product
7.2.3 Wind converters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of ABB
7.3 GE
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Wind converters Product
7.3.3 Wind converters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of GE
7.4 Ingeteam
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Wind converters Product
7.4.3 Wind converters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Ingeteam
7.5 Infineon Technologies
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Wind converters Product
7.5.3 Wind converters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Infineon Technologies
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
Get daily Love Island updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island fans will have to wait even longer tonight for their dose of drama tonight.
The ITV2 show was forced to delay the episode by another half an hour after England's World Cup game against Columbia went into extra time.
Instead, the episode will be airing at 10pm on ITV2.
Tweeting the news via their Twitter page this evening, they wrote: " And you thought the wait for Jack and Dani's reunion was long! We'll now be on after the football at 10pm on @itv2. #LoveIsland".
Fans, of course, were devastated by the news and flocked to Twitter to express their outrage.
One commented: "Noooo! Too late for early morning workers!! Anyone interested in Love Island wont be watching football ffs."
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
While another commented: "I agree!!! I have to get up at 5:40 really inconvenient to have it on so late!!"
A third remarked: "I feel this is very unnecessary - I need to get my 7 hours of beauty sleep, and now I will miss half of love island - we all know England will loose, so why can't we just get the island on at 9:30 and see who Megan's trying to dry hump tonight? Please, kind regards."
Following last night's action-packed recoupling, the fallout between the Islanders is set to be huge.
The only couple to stay together were Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham, who both chose each other and not a new Islander.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
But it looks like trouble is afoot tonight, despite confessing their love for one another .
Jack's ex Ellie Jones will cause problems tonight when she is sent for a drink with Dani.
During their chat together, Ellie brands Jack a "f***boy" and sparks a huge row between Dani and Jack .
Dani receives a text calling her and Ellie to enjoy drinks together outside of the villa, at which Jack is shocked and appalled.
Don't miss Love Island news Want to make sure you get the latest updates from the villa? Or just can't wait 23 hours to find out what happens next? Sign up using this form to receive daily updates directly to your phone - and we'll send the big breaking news to you as well.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
She and Ellie end up opening and she discovers Jack and she had an on-off relationship since 2016, which shocks Dani.
Dani asks: "Honestly if you look back at him was he a bit of a f***boy to you, a bit of an******? I'd rather know."
Ellie replies: "He was a bit of a f***boy to be fair."
Back in the villa, where Ellie's words have clearly had a bit of an effect as Dani and Jack become engaged... in a huge row.
Meanwhile, Wes is fuming over Megan after he stayed loyal in Casa Amor.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
After seeing Megan sat with Alex, he holds back his upset and takes Samira Mighty up to the terrace to have a conversation.
He tells Samira: "It's happened so I've got to dust myself off now.
"Whether I can pick things back up with Meg, who knows? I'm not going to make myself look like a mug.
"I'll just have to see where the wind takes me… Am I going to beg for Meg back? No."
*Love Island airs tonight at 10pm on ITV2
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia "are not satisfied anymore."
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
A ‘Stop the Nazis' vigil in memory of a young activist killed during white supremacist marches in the US will be held in Bristol on Tuesday (August 15).
Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old civil rights activist, died after a car ploughed into 20 counter-protesters in the southern US city of Charlottesville, Virginia.
A rally of white nationalists took place at the University of Virginia on Friday (August 11) followed by a bigger “Unite the Right” on Saturday (August 14).
Violence broke out over the weekend between the white supremacists and counter-protestors who turned out to oppose the rally.
Bristol Mayor Marvin Rees said: “Our thoughts are with the victims of the hate crime seen in Charlottesville at the weekend. Bristol stands united with communities across the world in rejecting the politics of fear, hatred and racism and we condemn the actions of those who would seek to divide our society.”
The Bristol vigil is organised by Bristol Young Labour and will be held at College Green from 5.30pm to 6.30pm.
Speeches will be made by city leaders and candles will be lit in memory of the victim.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with the Heather's murder.
Why Your Brain Has Trouble Bailing Out Of A Bad Plan
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aşkın Dursun KAMBEROĞLU/Getty Images Aşkın Dursun KAMBEROĞLU/Getty Images
You're in your car, heading for an intersection. The light turns yellow, so you decide to hit the gas. Then you see a police car.
Almost instantly, you know that stomping on the accelerator is a big mistake. But there's a good chance you'll do it anyway, says Susan Courtney, a professor in the Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences at Johns Hopkins University.
That's because as one area of your brain is recognizing that police car, other areas have already begun carrying out your original plan to accelerate. "Even if you haven't actually started moving your foot, your brain has already initiated that plan," Courtney says.
And stopping a plan once it's underway requires a lot of brainpowers, Courtney and a team of researchers reports in the journal Neuron. "It's complicated," she says.
The team monitored the brain activity of 21 people and one monkey as they encountered a situation that's a bit like approaching an intersection when the light turns yellow.
Participants were asked to focus on a central point on a screen and wait for a target to appear somewhere else. Sometimes they were allowed to do the natural thing and shift their gaze to the target when it appeared.
Other times, they got a visual cue to overrule the impulse to shift their gaze. In other words, they had to cancel an action the brain was already planning to carry out.
The study found that stopping an action required three key brain areas to communicate with eight other areas. Previous research had suggested fewer areas were required.
The team also found that all the communication had to occur within about one-tenth of a second of when a participant saw the cue not to move their eye. After that, a signal has already been sent to the eye muscles and there is no way to stop it, Courtney says.
This lag is why we experience that awful, fleeting moment when our brain knows we shouldn't stomp on the gas, but our foot does it anyway. "If the signal has already been sent you can watch it happen without being able to stop it," Courtney says.
The brain's stop system appears to be involved in a lot more than just controlling our bodies. "It's not just about stopping your foot or your eyes, it's about changing your plan about anything," Courtney says.
One function of the brain systems that stop an action may be helping us avoid danger, says Russ Poldrack, a professor of psychology at Stanford University who was not part of the study.
"People now think that some of these same systems are involved in being more cautious in making choices, taking fewer risks," he says.
Also, there's growing evidence that these systems are faulty in people who have suffered brain damage or who abuse drugs, Poldrack says, adding that years ago, his lab did a study of people who take methamphetamine.
"Methamphetamine abusers were worse at stopping themselves on these very simple tasks and their ability to stop themselves related to how much craving they had for the drug," he says. The craving seemed to be interfering with the brain's ability to change a plan it knows is a bad idea.
Ultimately, understanding the brain's stop system may help us understand the success of our species, Poldrack says.
"The thing that humans do better than any other species is adapted ourselves to the world when things change," he says.
Poldrack agrees with most of what the Neuron study found, though he'd like to see a larger study before concluding that all the brain areas interact the way Courtney thinks they do.
David Quintieri
The government structure is setup to enable corporations to lobby (bribe) our "representatives" and pass laws that are often criminal. As a result, we have a CATASTROPHE on our hands. Derivatives exceeded $1.5 QUADRILLION in total value which far surpassed the GDP for the entire world--25 times over! David Quintieri brings information of this magnitude to his readers and teaches them how to prepare in times of uncertainty. Utilizing his ability to deconstruct any complex system and turn it into a simple and readable format, his work becomes an important tool for a wide audience.
Rome, May 30 - The propaganda in election posters in the immediate post-WWII period in Vigevano, the perfection of Luciano Regoli's canvases in Pienza, the harmony of Italian gardens in Lawrence Beck's photos and the secrets of the back sides of paintings in Bassano del Grappa are some of the major shows set to open over the weekend, during which the ministry initiative of free entrance to museums on Sunday will be back. VIGEVANO - This weekend will be the first for the exhibition "Italiani, al Voto!", which will run from June 2 until July 1 2018 at the Scuderie del Castello Sforzesco. The show brings together iconographic heritage consisting of 130 Italian election posters made between 1945 and 1953. From the Maurizio Cavalloni collection in Piacenza, the works showcase the first few steps of the Italian Republic through drawings, illustrations and slogans. Particularly in-depth is a section on the 1948 elections, which saw the Christian democrats compete against the Popular Democratic Front. PIENZA - A show running June 2-24 is dedicated to Luciano Regoli, an artist who made a fight against the ''Death of Figurative Painting'' his mission, and the Elba school he founded. The exhibition will be held in Palazzo Salomone and will focus on portraits, religious scenes, figures, still lifes and landscapes. BASSANO DEL GRAPPA - An exhibition entitled "Abscondita. Segreti Svelati delle Opere d'Arte", will run from June 2 until September 3 at the Galleria Civica del Museo di Bassano del Grappa and will focus on the backs of canvases instead of their fronts. The idea is that canvases and their frames can reveal materials and important information for the history of the painting, the artist and those they had the paintings in their possession over time. SASSUOLO - In Palazzo Ducale, from June 1 until September 2 there will be a show of Lawrence Beck's photos entitled "Dialogo con l'Antico. Fotografie". The eight large photos showcase the grace and beauty of Italian gardens in a fascinating relationship with ancient works of art held in the palazzo. Starting from the traditional concept of photography as documentation, the exhibition explores the relationship between man and nature, concentrating on landscapes in which some of the most important masterpieces of Italian architecture are located. ROME - This will be the last chance to see paintings of the 'Father of Impressionism'. After a resounding success, on June 3 the show ''Monet. Capolavori dal Musée Marmottan Monet, Parigi" in the Complesso Vittoriano will close. The exhibition includes about 60 works that the artist kept in his last, beloved home in Giverny. Among the masterpieces exhibited are ''Portarit of Michel Monet as a Baby'' (1878-79), ''Nymphs'' (1916-1919), ''Roses (1925-1926) and ''London. Parliament. Reflections on the Thames'' (1905).
When a woman went to a Clifton sunbed salon to try and get a tan she got a peeping Tom instead, a court was told.
A jury was told the complainant was in the Gloden salon on Whiteladies Road when she saw a mobile phone directed at her from under the next booth.
When Nikolas Heath emerged from the booth he apologised profusely and said he was trying to film his wife, Bristol Crown Court was told.
Police called in found video footage of the woman on the phone and, on Heath's computer, videos of five more women filmed in almost identical circumstances.
Heath, 55, of Sperrings Farm in Moor Lane, Clapton-in-Gordano, denies six charges of voyeurism between May and December 2015.
David Scutt, prosecuting, said it was the Crown's case Heath recorded the women with the intention of obtaining sexual gratification. He told how one woman using the salon on New Year's Eve 2015 spotted a phone and Heath was challenged.
He told the woman: “Sorry, I was trying to catch my wife. This is not a sob story but she walked out on me on Christmas Day.”
Heath then offered a donation to the charity of her choice, by way of an apology, and offered her his phone to delete images.
He told a staff member he had “done something really stupid” and offered a substantial sum of money for it to go no further.
In interview Heath told police he had been a victim of voyeurism in the past and he thought he had caught someone in the next booth “peeking”, so he used his phone camera to try and capture them.
A police investigation established Heath had been searching online for “upskirt” and voyeuristic material. His computer was found to have five videos of naked or semi-naked women, which were played to the seven men and five woman of the jury.
The case continues.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For reality show fans wanting to fill the Love Island shaped hole in their heart, Channel 5 might have the ultimate remedy.
The arrival of Make Or Break promises to supply plenty of romance, drama, and couple swapping - all with the backdrop of a sun soaked beach.
With a cast of attractive 20-30 somethings, the new show will no doubt end up sending pulses racing.
But what exactly is Make Or Break? Here's everything you need to know about this new dating reality show…
(Image: Elephant House Studios)
How long is Make Or Break on TV?
Make Or Break started on Channel 5 on Monday 7 August 2017.
The show will run for two weeks and will air every week night that it is on at 9pm or 10pm.
When does Make Or Break finish?
The series will come to an end with the original couples deciding whether they have made it through the break stronger or should remain apart.
If the series lasts for two weeks, the final episode is likely to air around 21st August but this is yet to be confirmed.
What is Make Or Break about?
The show sees couples that are going through a rough patch tested as they enjoy spending time together in a paradise environment.
However there will be plenty of drama as the couples are all broken up (put on "a break") upon entry to the resort.
Then, every 24 hours, the contestants and paired with different contestants - while in the final episode the original couples will decide if their relationship is make, or break.
(Image: Elephant House Studios)
Where is Make Or Break Filmed?
The couples on Make Or Break were whisked away to a sun soaked beach luxury resort in Mexico.
During their stay, the contestants will work through their issues via workshops, challenges and sex therapy under the counsel of sex therapist expert Louise Mazanti.
How many contestants are involved in the series?
The show will consist of eight different couples who are all trying to salvage their relationships - or make them stronger.
A number of those taking part might be recognised - including Scarlett Moffatt 's ex-boyfreind (and MTV's Beauty School Cop Outs co-star) Richard Cull, and former The Apprentice contestant David Stevenson.
Who are the couples at the beginning of Make Or Break?
The eight couples are;
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Abbi is 24, while Stephen is 32 - and both are from Stevenage.
The couple have been tougher for four years - but took a break when Abbi discovered photos of Stephen with other women while he was on holiday in Las Vegas.
He is an events manager, while she is a hair extension technician - and it sounds like Abbi struggled with the sex therapy segment of making the show.
"The first sexual therapy we had with Louise was the most awkward thing I've done in my life! She said, ‘I need you to act out what you want Stephen to do to you in the bedroom'. I could have died! I just broke down crying. I was like, ‘I can't do this'," she said.
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
This duo is from Liverpool - with Jess being 21 and Matty being 23.
She is a student, while he is a concierge - but his ‘lack of ambition' has caused a rift in their romance.
However Matty fears his own insecurities might be risking his relationship with Jess, while she is annoyed that they have ‘constant' arguments.
Matty sounds quite devoted for former Miss England contestant Jess, saying: "She is very driven, when she wants something she will go for it. She's motivational- she has helped me get where I am today. She is very good looking."
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Dark haired couple Nikita and Che are from Newcastle.
She is a 28-year-old stripper, while he is a 21-year-old engineering apprentice.
They have been together for two years - but he struggles to deal with the knowledge his girlfriend is a stripper, while she gets jealous if he talks to other women.
Nikita revealed she almost quit the show: "on night one I wanted to go home. I didn't like the fact that I was away from my boyfriend and he was with another girl, Abi, the prettiest girl on the show. I am not insecure but I am a girl and I am jealous. So straight away it was, ‘This is not for me I don't like it.'"
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
West Country based lovers Ellie and Connor are from Bristol.
She is a 21-year-old YouTuber while he is a 23-year-old fitness clothing company owner.
While fitness fanatic Connor might be tough, body wise, it is apparently his emotions that will be tested on this new dating show.
It seems Ellie struggled to understand the concept of the show when she was first told she would be going on 'a break' and dating other contestants, explaining: "I am quite ditzy so I thought he meant you are going to be going on dates with your boyfriend, taking it back to square one and go on nice romantic dates to get the spark. I remember thinking, ‘This is going to be great fun, what a great idea!' Then he went into it further and I thought, ‘Oh my God, other people?'"
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Cardiff based Sophii and Richard will see their three-year romance tested in Mexico.
Sophii, 26, works as a bar manager and met Richard, 24, when they both worked in a nightclub (he's not a Personal Trainer).
TV fans will remember Richard from MTV's Beauty School Cop Outs - where he enjoyed a brief fling with Scarlett Moffatt.
Sophii revealed the start of her relationship with Richard was really NOT romantic, explaining: "I was his boss and he walked across the room and ignored me. Then he stood out the front and went, ‘Do you do promo?' I went, ‘No, I'm your boss'. ‘Oh'. I was like, ‘Yeah'. Then he fell in love with me straight away I think."
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
This couple from Blackburn have already had their relationship tested after Karl had a three-month fling while they were on a break - but Holly is struggling to deal with it.
Holly is 22 and a support worker and UK fighting championships ring girl.
While Karl, 26, works in sales - and the pair have had a romance for four years (but Karl had a three month affair last year).
Holly says she loves her man even though she thinks he is "dumb", adding: "He is so thick. He has no common sense. He needs to use his head, which I say over and over again but I don't think he is ever going to learn."
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Beth is 20-years-old and a student, while David is 27 and works in marketing.
The couple live in Nottingham and have been together for nine months after matching on Tinder (with David suspecting Beth only swiped right after recognising him from TV).
David might look familiar - he was a contestant on The Apprentice back in 2015, but was ‘fired' by Sir Lord Sugar after the eighth task.
Before appearing on the show, Beth hinted the seven-year age-gap between them was a concern, revealing: "I'm at a different life stage to David. He did mention having children and it just really scared me big time."
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
This Manchester couple have seen their romance tested by Andy cheating during the course of their four years together.
Ellie is 24 and a legal support worker, while Andy is 23 a student.
Elle has stood by Andy despite him cheating on her 30 times - and it sounds like he is desperate to prove to her he is a changed man.
"There were massive trust issues because I had cheated on her quite a lot in the past. I had stopped doing that but she never really believed it. She would always bring up the past and she never believed that I had stopped so we went on to sort that out," he said.
Sheer Number Of Attacks On Health Facilities In Syria Shocks Researcher
Enlarge this image toggle caption George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, she thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," she says.
She was shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and her team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks her team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and her team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, he practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. He saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, he says, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," he says.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks her results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, she believes they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," she says. Unfortunately, she says, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
On March 18, 1995, Michael Jordan announced his comeback with two simple words…”I'm back.”
A day later, on March 19, 1995, M.J. suited up for the Chicago Bulls against the Indiana Pacers, wearing the No. 45 because his iconic 23 had been retired by the Bulls after his retirement.
Even after all that time off, Jordan finished with 19 points, 6 rebounds, and 6 assists. 🐐
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bogus Brexit investments, malicious software on smartphones and social media spying are among eight scams people need to watch out for in 2018, research from a major bank suggests.
NatWest has looked to identify some of the key ways in which fraudsters could try to con people this year, as it urges consumers to be aware of the potential traps.
The bank has worked with research agency the Future Laboratory to analyse scams trends from the last 18 months and predict eight emerging frauds in 2018.
The report also warned that, as the excitement builds around Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, scammers will try to rip off couples who are also planning to wed with fake websites.
Home buyers are also being warned to watch out for bogus emails purporting to be from those dealing with their purchase.
Julie McArdle, NatWest security manager said: "Scammers are dogged in their attempts to get their hands on people's money and are always looking for new ways to get ahead. This means banks and customers need to evolve alongside scammers too.
"By being aware and staying ahead of scammers, we can stop them winning and keep the country's money safe and secure."
To help thwart scammers, NatWest said people should feel confident about turning down unsolicited requests for personal information.
It said if something feels wrong then it is usually right to pause and question it.
It said people should follow their bank's security advice and never provide remote access to their device when asked to do so following a cold call.
They should also be cautious about what information they provide on social media.
People should also make sure their mobiles have the latest security upgrades, NatWest said.
A bank will never ask a customer to transfer money for fraud reasons or contact them out of the blue to ask for their Pin or full password.
8 frauds to watch for in 2018
Social media spying. People might not realise how much information they are giving away, but to a fraudster the posts can be very helpful in setting up a scam. Malicious software on smartphones. It is expected that malware or malicious software threats will grow among mobile devices. Bogus Brexit investments. Consumers should be wary of fake investment opportunities. For example, scammers may email customers, warning Brexit will affect their savings, and that they urgently need to move them into a seemingly plausible, but actually fake, investment product. Fraudsters preying on World Cup excitement. Some fraudsters will sell football tickets that are either fake or will never arrive. It is also expected that "package trips" will be offered by fake travel companies. Money mules. Mule recruiters may trawl social media for potential targets, particularly cash-strapped students in university towns, and use them to inadvertently launder money. Money mules receive the stolen funds into their account, they are then asked to withdraw it and send the money to a different account, often one overseas, keeping some of the money for themselves. Wedding excitement. Experts fear couples could be easy prey for scammers who tempt victims with extravagant offers at bargain prices. Scammers can set up fake websites for elements of the big day like venue hire, catering, or wedding dresses that appear very realistic. Fake wedding planners will take people's money and then disappear. Romance scams. Criminals create fake profiles to form a relationship with their victims. They use messaging to mine victims' personal details to use for identity fraud. Or, just when the victim thinks they have met the perfect partner the scammer asks them for money. Scams aimed at first-time buyers. Computer hackers monitor emails sent by a solicitor to a first-time buyer and then they pounce, pretending to be the solicitor and telling them the solicitors' bank account details have changed in order to steal cash.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble National Security The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble Audio will be available later today. The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When cross-code star Sonny Bill Williams shared a snap showing his wife and child smiling on holiday, he probably wasn't expecting a lesson in health and safety.
But that's what he received from a good number of fans.
The photograph shows the 32-year-old in the driver's seat of a convertible, with his wife Alana next to him and his daughter Imaan, three, in the back.
All three are beaming for the camera - but not everyone was happy with the picture.
Williams, who has been enjoying a family holiday in the Cook Islands with Alana, Imaan and youngest child Aisha, one, posted the image on Instagram on Sunday.
(Image: sonnybillwilliams/Instagram)
And people were quick to point out where the sportsman is going wrong when it comes to child safety.
Imaan appears to have part of a seatbelt around her, but is not sitting in a child's car seat.
One person wrote: "Family comes first but no car seats - come on Sonny you should know better."
(Image: sonnybillwilliams/Instagram)
Another added: "Car seat is needed for little ones Sonny, never travel without them."
"No child seat you serious?" asked someone else.
Williams, who has represented New Zealand in rugby league and rugby union, has posted several holiday snaps on Instagram while on Rarotonga.
(Image: Getty)
Lots of other people have lent their support, pointing out that child car seats are not compulsory in the Cook Islands, found in the South Pacific.
One wrote: "Relax peeps, in the islands speed limit is like 30-40kms/h and never heard of any accidents here in paradise."
"Kids here don't even wear seat belts, they sit at the back of trucks on aunties and uncles laps," said another.
Meanwhile, Anthony Mundine, a rugby league player turned boxer, has said it's more than likely that Williams will stay in rugby union.
He said: "As great as rugby league is, rugby is the world game. Lots of countries play it all over Europe and South Africa, it's massive. I went to South Africa to watch him play a [Super Rugby] game and they had fans waiting outside the hotel room. It's a big thing. It's the biggest sport over there. It's crazy."
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
A file photo of Saudi Arabia capital Riyadh. The government said there will be more than 300 cinemas with 2,000 screens across the kingdom by 2030. Photo: AFP
Riyadh: Saudi Arabia said it will begin licencing cinemas for the first time in more than 35 years as part of the kingdom's plan to revive the entertainment industry and overhaul the economy.
The first multiplexes are expected to open in March 2018, the ministry of culture and information said in a statement on Monday.
Saudi Arabia's Islamic clerical establishment and conservative Saudis have typically frowned upon non-religious forms of entertainment such as cinema and music.
The government said there will be more than 300 cinemas with 2,000 screens across the kingdom by 2030. Bloomberg
By -
Yoshihito Isogawa believes his books should be like the LEGO brick—minimalist, colorful, and full of possibility.
In his nearly-wordless releases from No Starch Press, such as The LEGO Power Functions Idea Books (No Starch Press, $24.95 USD each, 324 pp./328pp., October 2015), Isogawa shares hundreds of creative ways to build mechanisms with Power Functions, a wildly popular LEGO TECHNIC system of electronic components. In these books, Power Functions gears, lights, motors, and control units are used to make sliding doors, walking robots, steerable tanks, and more, with each project encouraging readers to become inventive LEGO builders.
Isogawa's previous books have been praised as “invaluable” (BrickJournal), “fantastic” (Boing Boing), “minimalistic but highly informative” (Booklist), and “indispensable” (The NXT STEP Blog), and this two-volume set is a treasure trove of tiny but surprisingly elegant creations that millions of LEGO Power Functions owners will use for design inspiration.
The LEGO Power Functions Idea Books showcase small projects to build with LEGO TECHNIC gears, motors, and other moving elements that are depicted in vibrant, detailed photographs. Each model includes a list of required parts that guides readers through the build while exploring the principles of simple machines, gear systems, and power translation.
In Volume 1: Machines and Mechanisms , readers will build-
Sliding doors
Grasping claws
Rack-and-pinion mechanisms
Ball-shooting devices
In Volume 2: Cars and Contraptions , readers will build
Four-wheel drive cars
Adorable walking bots
Steerable tanks
Robotic inchworms
Cars that can drive on the edge of a table
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a teenager, Joshua Greenidge never thought he would be sitting in a university lecturer theatre.
Having left school at 13 years old, Joshua had no qualifications and a reading age of just seven. He struggled with dyslexia through his teenage years, when he was home-schooled.
The ambitious young man eventually taught himself to read and write and wanted to take the next step in his education.
But with no GCSEs or A-levels, he was limited to lectures he sourced on YouTube from all around the world. A university education seemed beyond his reach.
Two years ago, he stumbled onto a YouTube video about doing a foundation year in Arts and Humanities at Bristol University, and he thought he would give it a shot.
It changed his life, literally. After completing the course with a 2:1, he is now studying for an undergraduate degree in Anthropology with Innovation.
He said: “I've always been hungry to learn but didn't have GCSEs or A-levels so I ended up doing various unfulfilling jobs until I was 26.
“I struggled so much to read when I was younger but really enjoyed it at the same time.
“I stumbled across a video about the Foundation Year in Arts and Humanities by chance but looked into it and it sounded perfect for me.
“The Foundation Year in Arts and Humanities really is an amazing programme. Not having a record of doing well academically, it was really daunting and I didn't know what to expect.
“But the university was really welcoming, and everybody was just really nice. I knew that I wanted to stay on as long as possible.”
Last week, Joshua was one of seven students at the university to win an Alumni Association Student Award, in recognition of overcoming personal adversity or making an outstanding contribution to the university.
He also established the Bristol Entrepreneurs Society, which is working towards becoming one of the biggest societies on campus, with 33 events in a year.
Driven by his personal experience, he also writes blog posts for the university's careers service to share knowledge with freshers about entering university.
“In my very first week, I went straight to the Careers Service to find out what opportunities there were,” Joshua said.
“Being a mature student makes you grasp everything on offer. I applied to Bristol knowing that I wanted to immerse myself in the entrepreneurial ecosystem that the city has the offer, but I didn't expect the community to be so welcoming, or for there to be so many opportunities.
“When I look at what I'm doing now, it's a big difference to what people said I would be able to do when I left school.
“That is thanks to the Foundation Year in Arts and Humanities allowing me to move onto the next stage. It really is an amazing programme and I would encourage anyone in a similar situation to apply.”
We look at the great looks the ex-Suits TV actress has borrowed from other screen stars
Just like Prince Harry, the fashion industry is head over heels in love with Meghan.
The Duchess of Sussex's style has brought praise but her outfit at a recent polo match suggests it may not be all her own work.
That hat and dress did look rather familiar – but if you're going to steal a polo style, who better than the one Julia Roberts rocked in Pretty Woman?
Here we revisit other great looks the ex-Suits TV actress borrowed from other screen stars...
Comcast could spend $90B in cash to compete with Disney and Netflix
Comcast could spend $90B in cash to compete with Disney and Netflix May 23
Big Fox shareholder urges Rupert Murdoch to overlook his self interest and consider Comcast cash deal
Big Fox shareholder urges Rupert Murdoch to overlook his self interest and consider Comcast cash deal May 25
Reverend W. J. Rideout III, pastor of All Gods People Church from Detroit, uses the bullhorn to spur his congregation to chant in front of the Comcast Center in January 2017.
The rent-by-the-hour religious Word Network got the word on its complaint against Comcast Corp. — dismissed.
Comcast did not unfairly punish, or violate the government's conditions on its deal for NBCUniversal, when it dropped the Word from about 7 million homes on Comcast cable systems in early 2017. The Word leases airtime to preachers, both white and black, for sermonizing and to fund raise.
The Word, based in Southfield, Mich., also claimed in its filing with the FCC that Comcast had sought exclusive rights to its digital content in a carriage agreement. But the FCC said there was no evidence that Comcast asked for this exclusivity.
The FCC made a partial decision in Comcast's favor in late 2017 and now has dismissed the remainder of the Word's complaint.
The Word could not be immediately reached for comment. Comcast said it believed the complaint was frivolous and pleased at the FCC's decision, a spokeswoman said.
In early 2017, Comcast replaced the Word with the Impact Network, another African American religious network, whose preacher, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, of Great Faith Ministries in Detroit, was close to then-candidate Donald Trump. Comcast and Jackson said that politics did not play a part in the decision to replace the Word with Impact.
“This didn't just start with Donald Trump coming to my church. It's just a coincidence of all these events,” Jackson told the Inquirer in early 2017.
Hundreds of Word supporters traveled to Philadelphia from the Detroit area to protest Comcast's action. The Word is still available on some Comcast systems.
BPEarth Watch
Dedicated to Watching the End Time Events that Lead to the Return of Our Lord Jesus Christ.Comets, Asteroids, Earth Quakes, Solar Flares and The End Time Powers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A passenger on a British Airways flight to Dubai has had his direct journey changed to something completely bizarre.
David Clark was due to depart London Heathrow on Sunday, and was scheduled to fly straight to Dubai in just over seven hours.
But the disgruntled traveller has been told he now needs to fly on Tuesday via Edinburgh, Scotland, before returning to London, and then jetting off to the Middle East.
David shared his updated journey on Twitter. The new plan is down to the adverse weather conditions which are causing disruption up and down the country.
Mirror Online has asked British Airways for a response, and the airline has told us that it is looking into what's happened with David's peculiar route plan. We've also contacted David for any updates.
The situation comes after a number of problems for passengers hoping to get away for Christmas. The snow is unwelcome.
At Heathrow on Sunday night, firearms officers turned up to the British Airways business lounge "to prevent any situation from escalating", according to the airline.
(Image: DPA)
A spokesman later insisted that the commotion was the result of a misunderstanding and the police were there simply "acting as escorts" as customers moved back through security.
An eyewitness said there "wasn't even a hint of a problem" and called it a "disgusting" way to treat customers.
British Airways, which has not had the best of years (who can forget the major IT outage, which followed numerous job cuts), has been severely affected by the weather conditions so far in December.
ROCK HILL, S.C. — Xavier Cooks scored 22 points, had six rebounds, five blocks, four assists and three steals to lead Winthrop to a 75-57 win over Radford on Saturday.
Bjorn Broman added 16 points and four steals, Josh Ferguson contributed 10 points and the Eagles shot 26 of 46 (56.5 per cent) including 9 of 18 from 3-point range, while collecting 13 steals.
Winthrop (14-9, 8-4 Big South) led 23-22 after Radford's Christian Bradford made a 3 with 4:47 before halftime. Broman later made three free throws to start a 13-3 run to close the half and establish control the rest of the way. Ed Polite Jr.'s 3 with 15:05 left brought Radford within 48-39, but Adam Pickett's jumper and Jermaine Ukaegbu's dunk put the Eagles up double figures the rest of the way.
Polite led Radford (15-10, 8-4) with 18 points, a game-high eight rebounds and five steals. Bradford finished with 11 points.
Sworn in as the 13th chief minister of Tamil Nadu on 16 February, Palaniswami will complete six months in office on Wednesday. Photo: PTI
Chennai: The Edappadi K. Palaniswami government in Tamil Nadu has managed to survive six months, amid chaos and instability in the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK), along with growing corruption accusations and charges.
Sworn in as the 13th chief minister of Tamil Nadu on 16 February, Palaniswami will complete six months in office on Wednesday. This comes at a time when stakes are running high on the merger of two factions of AIADMK.
While there is soaring criticism over governance in Tamil Nadu, Palaniswami and his cabinet has maintained that they have successfully continued “Amma's (late CM J. Jayalalithaa) legacy and governance”.
“The first three months, the government had a survival problem and the next three months it has failed to perform,” said writer-translator Aazhi Senthilnathan from Tamil Nadu.
A souvenir that was released in May to mark the “achievements of Palaniswami government in its first 100 days in office” highlighted that the measures schemes introduced by his government were intended to “fulfil the poll promises of Jayalaliathaa”.
Palaniswami also claimed during a press meet in Salem in April that he had cleared 1,560 files in 70 days and there was “no file pending with the CMO's office.”
However, opposition leader and working president of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) M.K. Stalin asked (following the claims by Palaniswami) “Signing files is among the duties of a chief minister. For how many key projects has he given nod by clearing files?”
In February, former chief minister O. Panneerselvam rebelled against V.K. Sasikala, who was gearing up to take the chief minister's chair. As Sasikala was convicted in a disproportionate assets case, she made Palaniswami her stand-in. The Palaniswami government had to prove its majority and survived with a wafer thin majority of six MLAs.
Allegations such as bribing of AIADMK legislators ahead of a floor test in the Tamil Nadu state assembly in February and a multi-crore scam, involving state minister and top police officials for alleged bribery to allow manufacture and sale of banned gutkha in Chennai over the last few years, are some of the accusations that have mired AIADMK.
From Tamil Nadu facing its worst drought in 140 years leading to farmers' and drinking water crisis to exemption from National-Eligibility-Cum-Entrance Test (NEET) and protests across Cauvery delta districts against the extraction of oil, the state has seen much in the last six months. Besides, over 1.31 lakh local body posts continue to remain vacant since October.
As Tamil Nadu farmers drew national attention by protesting in Delhi for over 40 days in March-April, the state government, which claimed to help distress-ridden farmers and urged the Centre to sanction a relief amount of Rs39,565 crore, denied in the Supreme Court that farmers had died due to agricultural distress.
The police high-handedness in dealing with public protests and the government justifying police methods has drawn much flak.
An oil spill from ONGC's pipeline in Kathiramangalam, Thanjavur, led to protests by the locals and the village has been in news since a lathicharge on children and women by the police in June. But Palaniswami justified the police action in the legislative assembly on 3 July.
The issue of widespread demonstrations for liquor prohibition targeting the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corp., which runs liquor shops in the state, and the use of police force, was raised in May in the Madras high court, which questioned the state on the arrest of anti-liquor protesters.
”Along with a deep political crisis, there is administrative crisis and a serious problem in its relationship with the public is prevalent,” said Senthilnathan, adding that the government is becoming “unpopular”.
“Instability and lack of governance are reasons for this government's failure in the public perception,” he said.
Would The U.S. Withdraw Troops From South Korea?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
American troops have been stationed on the Korean Peninsula for nearly 70 years. More recently they've become something of a political football.
North Korea wants them out as part of any nuclear deal. South Korea wants them to stay to help with its defense. And President Trump is considering reducing their numbers to save money.
When the president recently canceled the planned summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, U.S. defense spending in the region was also apparently on his mind. He said South Korea and Japan are not only ready should North Korea take any "foolish or reckless acts," but those countries would "shoulder much of the cost of any financial burden" on the United States for any military operations.
The U.S. has about 28,000 service members on the Korean Peninsula. Currently, the operations they engage in are for training.
Each year, U.S. and South Korean troops dash along a wooded trail at a training range north of Seoul. Some fire machine guns and launch mortars. Others are in tanks or warplanes, trying to push back an imagined invasion. It's an annual exercise called Foal Eagle and thousands of soldiers take part.
"You are trying to coordinate and synchronize artillery, maneuver, direct fire from tanks and helicopter," says retired Army Gen. Walter "Skip" Sharp, who commanded U.S. forces in South Korea for three years until 2011. "And all of that being done in a live-fire scenario. You'll bring targets up in sequence like someone is attacking."
That someone being North Korean forces, streaming across the border. Sharp says Pyongyang complains each year about Foal Eagle. But they conduct similar live-fire scenarios.
"They have exercises very much like this," says Sharp. "They have a winter and a summer training cycle."
Still, North Korea recently canceled a meeting with South Korea because of the Foal Eagle exercise, charging it was a dress rehearsal for an attack on the North, and brushing aside U.S. officials who said the exercise is only defensive.
And the North has also suggested U.S. troops should be removed as part of any deal to eliminate its nuclear weapons program. The South has said the U.S. military presence should not be a bargaining chip, and that any reduction of American troops should be decided separately between the governments in Seoul and Washington.
President Trump recently told reporters that U.S. troops were not on the table, but he still complained about the expense. "Now I have to tell you at some point into the future, I would like to save the money," Trump said.
Analysts say South Korea spends about $800 million a year for U.S. forces, about half of the cost.
All the talk about American forces there raises the question: Why does the U.S. still need troops in South Korea, a country which has created a formidable military that takes part in peacekeeping missions around the world?
Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri posed this question to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, appearing before a group of lawmakers earlier in May to discuss the president's 2019 budget request.
"What do you see as the importance of our presence, not only in the Korean Peninsula but also in our regional presence?" Blunt asked.
"The presence of our forces there is a stabilizing presence," Mattis said. "The Americans are committed and this resonates among allies."
American troops in South Korea are not just there to halt an attack from the North, but to protect allies like Japan.
Victor Cha, who was an Asian affairs adviser to former President George W. Bush, supports that.
"Whether we like it or not, since the end of World War II, the United States has been a Pacific power in Asia that has maintained its credibility and its commitments to governments in the region by our troop presence there," Cha says.
America's troop presence also has economic considerations, he explains.
"I mean that has been the nature of the U.S. commitment to show that we will be there to protect sea lanes to prevent the rise of another hegemon in the region," says Cha, "and that has stabilized not just the politics of the region but also the markets."
But Doug Bandow, a foreign affairs analyst who worked in the Reagan White House, has another view of U.S. troops in South Korea.
"Well they're no longer necessary," says Bandow.
They were, he says, back in 1953, when an armistice was signed to cease the Korean War, the South was weak and the war could have reignited. At that time there were some 327,000 U.S. military personnel there.
"You know today, South Korea has something around 45 times the GDP [and] about twice the population of the North," says Bandow, "so there's no reason why the South cannot build a military sufficient to deter and somehow defeat, if necessary, the North."
There are plenty of U.S. service members elsewhere in Asia but the ones in South Korea, he says, just aren't needed.
"They don't add much to South Korea's defense," Bandow says. "They simply allow South Korea to spend less on their military."
This isn't the first time a president has suggested removing U.S. troops from South Korea.
President Jimmy Carter raised the idea in the 1970s, partly as a way to save money. His advisers strongly opposed it, including an American general in South Korea — who was removed for criticizing the plan.
An Illinois State University Scholar has taken on a massive biography of a historical figure who is one of the founding myths of Germany. Frederick Barbarossa was the head of the Holy Roman Empire from the year 1155 until his death on the Third Crusade at the age of 68 in 1190.
John Freed, ISU Distinguished Professor of History Emeritus, said Yale University Press approached him to write "Frederick Barbarossa: The Prince and the Myth."
Freed said Barbarossa is an important character in German History. In various regimes in the last 150 years, people have appealed to him to justify all sorts of different systems
Kaiser Wilhelm used Barbarossa to legitimize from history an image of a second Reich. The Nazi's used Barbarossa in their national mythmaking as laying groundwork for the third Reich. Hitler also famously used the king to name his Operation Barbarossa, the disastrous attack against the Soviet Union. And back in the 1860s, those promulgating German unification hearkened back to Frederick I as well.
"You have to get to a bigger 19th century cultural issue that goes far beyond Germany, nation state building. You are trying to take countries that are not really very united and trying to create in some sense and artificial unity And you do this in part by creating a common language. You teach them a common language in the schools and a founding historical figure," said Freed.
He said Germany is not the only country to engage in this mythmaking.
"Perhaps Joan of Arc is the most obvious example in France. She is a good republican symbol, a peasant girl who rises to save France. But, she is also good for the Catholic opposition, because, after all, she ends up being a saint. She cuts across all the boundaries. We do the same thing in the United States with George Washington. Do we really think crossed the Delaware standing up in an open row boat?," said Freed.
And he said Barbarossa served the same purpose in German national unity that no other German figure could.
"It was partially that a myth had developed that he was sleeping in this mountain, the Keyffhauser in Thuringia. And the mountain was in a crucial location because it just happened to be within a few miles of Luther's home town of Wittenberg where Luther starts off the Reformation, so it had all those associations. But it was also close to Weimar, the image of German cultural supremacy," said Freed.
Freed said the brothers Grimm brought back the myth of Frederick sleeping in the mountain until some future need when they were collecting folklore and published in 1815. That turned out to be a good time because many Germans were disappointed in the failure of Germany to coalesce in the decades following the French revolution of 1789. Instead came, wars of liberation against French occupation and the Congress of Vienna left Germany divided into 39 states.
After that, Freed said a poet, Friedrich Ruckert wrotes about Barbarossa sleeping until the day of unifcation when he would awaken. And after unifcation comes in 1871, Ruckert's poem became part of the curriculum for everyy german Shhool child, according to Free.
"Rarely has a historical figure been more misrepresented and his public persona more shaped by legends and momentary political needs," wrote Freed in the book's conclusion.
Freed said, ironically the truth somewhat contradicts than unitary German symbol.
"In many ways what he really did was help to lay the foundation for the political division of Germany contrary to the myth. You couldn't have a united Germany in the 12th century. it was geographically enormous." said Freed.
And there were no natural boundaries on the east and west. Frederick, Freed said, allowed the German princes to establish order in their own territories as long as they recognized his superiority. And for 38 years he was largely successful, without any particularly significant rebellion, an exception to the times, said Freed.
"Part of that was he was viewed as impartial because until late in his reign he did not have significant lands of his own and also because he was related to every other German prince," said Freed.
The biography of Barbarossa is the first in English in nearly half a century.
Listen to GLT's Charlie Schlenker talk with John Freed about the myth and the man Frederick Barbarossa.
Hear more about the medieval mind, Frederick Barbarossa's complicated relationship with the church, and his disastrous attempts to conquer the northern city states in Italy.
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one. As someone who values experienced, knowledgeable, and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois, please consider making a contribution.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — After deciding not to play for the French national team this summer, Hornets guard Nic Batum has apparently lost the support of some countrymen.
Batum said Friday that some fans in his native France are celebrating his recent injury and taunting him on social media.
Batum had played for the French team each year since he was a teenager, but passed on the experience this summer to instead prepare for Charlotte's season. Now, he'll miss at least six to eight weeks with a torn ligament in his left elbow.
"I know (some) people in France are happy about it; that's the sad part," Batum said. "Really, for real. I got on stuff and people are happy like I deserve it. ... Trust me, I get those reactions on social media."
Bristol Rovers have released a statement following an allegation made against a fan relating to racist abuse.
The report says a claim was made against a Rovers supporter at the side's opening game of the season against Charlton Athletic at the Valley.
Rovers have also received complaints relating to racist abuse at last Saturday's game between Darrell Clarke's side and Peterborough United.
The club, specifically safety officer Dave Parker, released the following on Monday morning: ‘It is with regret that as the Safety Officer that I write this article.
‘Sadly at Charlton there was an allegation made against one of our travelling fans relating to racist behaviour.
‘At our first home match I received a couple of independent complaints concerning racist abuse. One stated that it was aimed at a Posh player and the other against one of our own players.
‘I and my fellow Rovers colleagues, plus no doubt 99.9% of our brilliant supporters, are appalled by these incidents. Not only is it illegal and could cost us a points deduction and/or a fine, it does nothing to support our family club image.
‘I know that emotions run high but it is not acceptable behaviour and does not set a good example to our Young Pirates.'
A file photos. The Plaza Hotel, opened in 1907, is the only hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Photo: Reuters
New York: The Plaza Hotel, one of New York's most iconic buildings in which Subrata Roy-led Sahara India group has majority stakes, has been fully acquired by a Qatar government-owned fund for about $600 million, according to a media report on Wednesday.
Qatar's state-owned Katara Holding has acquired full ownership of the hotel, including a 75% stake from Subrata Roy-led Sahara India Pariwar for about $600 million, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The “surprise buyer” is a hospitality fund that buys and manages hotels around the world for the Qatar government. Katara bought the 75% stake held by the Sahara Group and the 25% stake from New York real-estate investor Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp. and its partner Saudi Prince al-Waleed bin Talal, it said.
There were no immediate comments available from the Sahara Group. The deal, which closed on Monday, includes 282 guest rooms and the property's retail space, people familiar with the transaction were quoted as saying in the report. Qatar, a tiny Gulf nation, is the world's largest exporter of liquefied natural gas.
It already owns landmark hotels such as The Savoy and The Connaught in London. US President Donald Trump, who once compared it to the Mona Lisa, and hotelier Conrad Hilton were previous owners of one of the most iconic landmarks in New York City. Trump lost the hotel in a bankruptcy.
The Plaza Hotel, opened in 1907, is the only hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The report said Katara's purchase marks the latest twist in a long-running global saga surrounding the Plaza Hotel's ownership.
In April, a group of investors led by founder of Dubai-based White City Ventures Shahal Khan and Kamran Hakim of the Hakim Organisation, a large private New York landlord, had reached a deal to buy the property. But about a week later, Ashkenazy and Prince al-Waleed exercised a right as minority owners to match any agreement to purchase Sahara's majority stake, the WSJ report said.
Sahara acquired its controlling stake in 2012 in a deal that valued the property at about $575 million. The Indian company has been trying to sell the Plaza for years but was never able to complete a deal. Last year, it hired brokerage firm Jones Lang LaSalle to carry out an auction of the property.
About 50 private-equity firms, foreign governments and other investors had expressed interest in the Plaza Hotel last year, people familiar with the matter say.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peter O'Mahony will captain the Lions as Warren Gatland has named a strong side to take on the Maori All Blacks this Saturday.
The Ireland flanker features in a potent back-row also containing Sean O'Brien and Taulupe Faletau.
Jonathan Davies has been passed fit after head injury trouble to start while Johnny Sexton , Ben Te'o and Davies will forge a formidable midfield.
Tour captain Sam Warburton takes a seat on the bench as he continues to fight back from ankle trouble.
O'Mahony's status as captain could prove something of a statement of pecking order ahead of the first Test against the All Blacks on June 24, with Warburton racing against time to be fully fit for New Zealand .
(Photo: Getty)
"Peter is a proven captain with Munster who never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team," said Lions head coach Warren Gatland.
"At this stage of the tour it is important to build on the foundations that have been laid in the last few weeks."
Davies suffered a head knock in the 12-3 win over the Crusaders on Saturday, and is now fit to return as he chases the Lions' 13 shirt for the first Test at Auckland's Eden Park.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images AsiaPac)
The Lions have named the shell of a Test XV, with Leigh Halfpenny, Anthony Watson and George North certainly appearing the first-choice back-three combination.
The front row of Mako Vunipola, Jamie George and Tadhg Furlong is in pole position for Test selection, while Maro Itoje starts at lock alongside George Kruis given Alun Wyn Jones has had to feature in three consecutive matches.
The Lions suffered their second defeat of the tour on Tuesday, 23-22 defeat against the Highlanders in Dunedin, and are now itching to hit back against the potent Maori.
"We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realise that we need to improve in several areas, including our discipline, but we feel that overall we are building well towards the Test matches," said Gatland.
"Every game is a big challenge, which is what we wanted, and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last Test in Australia in 2013."
(Photo: Getty)
LIONS TEAM
L Halfpenny (Wales); A Watson (England), J Davies (Wales), B Te'o (England), G North (Wales); J Sexton, C Murray (both Ireland); M Vunipola, J George (both England), T Furlong (Ireland), M Itoje, G Kruis (both England), P O'Mahony (capt, Ireland), S O'Brien (Ireland), T Faletau (Wales).
Replacements: K Owens (Wales), J McGrath (Ireland), K Sinckler (England), I Henderson (Ireland), S Warburton (Wales), G Laidlaw (Scotland), O Farrell, E Daly (both England).
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens recalled forward Nikita Scherbak from the Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League on Friday.
Scherbak, a 2014 first round draft pick, has seven goals and 30 points in 24 AHL games this season.
He played twice for Montreal early in the season without recording a point before suffering a knee injury.
He will be available for afternoon games at the Bell Centre on Saturday against Anaheim and on Sunday against Ottawa.
Three Mumbaikars have been selected as winners of the Queen's Young Leaders (QYL) award from India, for their work towards improving the lives of those around them. The award programme, now in its fourth and final year, celebrates people aged 18 to 29 from across the Commonwealth and their contributions to society Queen Elizabeth II will felicitate three Mumbaikars — Deane De Menezes, Trisha Shetty and Aditya Kulkarni — at a special ceremony in Buckingham Palace in 2018. The honour comes with training, mentoring and networking opportunities by the University of Cambridge's Institute of Continuing Education and a residential programme in the UK. Deane, Trisha and Aditya will be among 250 winners from the 53 commonwealth countries.
Here's why these 20-something-year-olds have been picked to be the Queen's Young Leaders:
Aditya Kulkarni, Co-Founder of CareNX
After completing his Masters in Computer Science from IIT Madras and earning a PhD from the National University of Singapore, Aditya worked with organisations like Nvidia and ISRO, before creating a start-up, CareNX, with his IIT classmate, Shantanu Pathak. Their start-up provides mobile health solutions to help reduce maternal and child mortality in rural areas.
Aditya's inspiration came when a close friend's sister, who lived in a remote area, was pregnant a few years ago. Due to preeclampsia, a common complication during delivery, the woman's condition became so critical they were afraid they might lose her. Upon further research done by Aditya, he found out that this complication could've easily been detected and cured through regular antenatal care, which she hadn't received.
“Out of 30 million pregnancies each year in India, almost 20 million mothers stay in remote areas where healthcare is not easily accessible and the gynaecologist-to-mother ratio is less than 1:1000,” he says, “Because of this, mothers face preventable complications, which make for 17 per cent of global maternal and child mortality rate per year. These mothers don't even have access to the internet or mobile phones to educate themselves about child birth.”
This is where CareNX comes into play. Their innovation, called CareMother, is an online and mobile platform that connects health workers, who visit pregnant women in remote areas, with gynaecologists. It arms these workers with care devices and kits that enable them to carry out regular doorstep ANC check-ups and track the mother's health throughout the nine months. With this, it's easier to identify high-risk pregnancies and schedule necessary interventions with doctors.
This proves useful for expecting women, who travel upto 15 km on an average to visit a hospital for basic check-ups, which ends up costing them about RS 1300. In contrast, health workers who have the CareMother kits charge them about Rs 65 for tests and offer all other vitals free.
Women who have smartphones can download the app and monitor their pregnancy through it. For example, a mother can use a wireless clicker whenever she feels a movement and this record could prove useful for a gynaecologist to gauge the foetus' health.
Within the last two years, Aditya and his team have worked with more than 15 organisations and provided affordable care to more than 30,000 pregnant women in over 800 villages in India, Bangladesh and Kenya. CareMother has also created more than 100 jobs for health workers and led to significant improvements in how antenatal care is delivered at grassroot level.
In the longterm, CareNX aims to become a strong technology partner for health institutions to deliver doorstep care more efficiently and effectively and develop cost-efficient point of care technologies and platforms.
CareNX received seed funding from SINE, IIT Bombay's incubation centre. The Department of Science and Technology of the Government of India, the UN Women Commitee, the UN Habitat and the Grand Challenges Canada have also awarded them grants.
Trisha Shetty, Founder-CEO of SheSays.in
A lawyer by profession, Trisha Shetty found her website, shesays.in in 2015 after she realised that it was easier to find restaurants online than it was to find helpful information for victims of sexual abuse. The website aims to educate, rehabilitate and empower women to take direct action against sexual assault in India, while providing tools and resources like access to legal, medical and psychological support. Through graphic representations, the website educates users about sexual offences recognised by the law, and the guidelines to be followed during procedures at hospitals and police stations.
Trisha also initiated the Agents of Change youth programme, aimed to combat child sexual abuse, which trains young people on crisis intervention, teaches them about gender-based violence and equips them with skills to support their peers. Since its inception in 2015, SheSays has worked with more than 150,000 people. SheSays had also launched an online campaign, #LahuKaLagaan, addressed to Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley, urging him to remove the tax levied on sanitary napkins and tampons. The campaigned had garnered support from a lot of people, including celebrities, and even became a trending hashtag on Twitter.
“There's a pandemic of gender-based violence and discrimination that women across our country are facing, Trisha says, “So, there was a need for an organization such as ours which truly serves to empower, educate and rehabilitate women, and to take action against sexual abuse and fight for gender equality.”
SheSays is a self-sustained organization since its launch, and continues to remain so today, with the help of a strong work force, and partners like United Nations Information Center for India and Bhutan, Global Citizen India, Twitter India, and more.
Deane De Menezes, founder of Red Is The New Green
Youngest of the three, 24-year-old Deane De Menezes created the Red Is The New Green project, to tackle the stigma surrounding menstruation in the country. Her initiative focuses on creating awareness about hygienic practices during menstruation, while providing eco-friendly solutions for sanitary waste management. As a part of her initiative Deane started a pilot scheme at a Mumbai school, where she installed a low-cost sanitary napkin dispenser, along with curating awareness sessions to the students. To combat the waste problem, Deane also offered an eco-friendly alternative by installing incinerators as waste treatment apparatus. Deane procured funds from the international analytical company, CRISIL, where she pursued her research.
After its success, she went on to install these in 11 schools across the city and has reached out to over 15,000 women and girls. As a result of her project, female absenteeism caused by menstruation has reduced. Deane is also taking her projects to hospitals, colleges and self-help groups, with an aim to take her work and message to all sections of the society, regardless of age, gender or income.
The idea came to Deane when she started menstruating while she was in office and couldn't find any pads whatsoever. She had to make do with a quick fix before she could run to her local chemist. “Every woman must've had this experience at least once, but it really made me think about girls who probably need pads but can't afford it, or worse, don't have access to it,” she said. Upon more research, she realised how little she knew about menstruation and the alarming rate of the increasing menstrual waste. “I spoke to a lot of people and realised there is scope for more awareness about menstruation and safe practises of disposal as well,” Deane adds.
In the future, Deane sees her initiative being adopted across the country. She continues to look for sponsors and partners, so every person has access to the right information and every woman, to menstrual products. “We have seen that once the ice is broken, women pass on their knowledge to each other. We include men in this dialogue as well as it's essential for them to be informed to be better brothers, fathers, husbands and friends. Together, we can all work towards finding more solutions to tackling menstrual waste and also creating more sustainable alternatives. There are many problems in the world, menstruation should not be on that list.”
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
The inspiring story of Tirthak Saha, who is now on Forbes' 30 Under 30 list
How this Mumbai boy went from being overweight to fit (and made a career out of it)
Check out how this 19-year-old desi kid in the UK made ₹102 crore in just one year
> More on Career
By Scott T. Sterling
Christmas is coming early for Paul McCartney fans.
Related: Billy Joel Joins Paul McCartney Onstage
On Nov. 17, the Beatles legend is set to release eight new titles from the Paul McCartney Archive Collection: McCartney, McCartney II, Tug Of War, Pipes Of Peace, Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram, Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run, Wings: Venus And Mars, At The Speed Of Sound.
Each release will come in single CD digi-pak and 180-gram black vinyl single LP formats—as well as limited edition 180-gram color vinyl pressings. All vinyl LPs in the Archive Collection will feature a download card and fully restored artwork.
Every release in the ongoing Paul McCartney Archive Collection is supervised by McCartney himself, who oversees all aspects of each title from remastering to the curation of lost tracks, outtakes, artwork, photographs and video from his personal vaults.
The titles and corresponding limited edition vinyl colors are as follows:
Paul McCartney: McCartney – RED
Paul McCartney: McCartney II – CLEAR
Paul McCartney: Tug Of War – BLUE
Paul McCartney: Pipes Of Peace – SILVER
Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram – YELLOW
Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run – WHITE
Wings: Venus And Mars – RED & YELLOW
Wings: At The Speed Of Sound – ORANGE
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A serial killer sentenced to death for the murder of three women has revealed he slaughtered dozens more victims that police have yet to discover.
When Sir Trevor McDonald was left chilled to the bone when he came face-to-face with William Clyde Gibson for the latest episode of ITV's Crime and Punishment.
Because the serial killer - who murdered three women in cold blood - revealed he had left more people dead without police finding out.
"It wasn't just women, there were men too. They just didn't find them, I didn't say anything about them," Gibson said, making the shocking admission from Indiana State Prison where he is currently on death row.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The killer also said: "They might have a tenth of it, put it that way."
And when Sir Trevor probed him asking: "What around 29 or 30?"
Gibson replied: "Yep".
The 60-year-old was arrested in 2012 after the body of Christine Whitis, 75 - a friend of his mother - was discovered in his garage.
Gibson admitted he strangled her to death after she found him cutting up another victim and threatened to call the police.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The body of 35-year-old Stephanie Kirk was also discovered at his property after he killed her a month earlier in March 2012.
And he was also found guilty of the murder of Karen Hodella, 44, whose body was found near the Ohio River in January 2003.
He's on death row for the mutilation murders, but he laughed when talking to McDonald about his horrific crimes.
And the grinning murderer, from South Indiana, admitted: "I could kill a person and go out to dinner, I don't care."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
McDonald tried to understand why grinning Gibson became a killer.
"I just felt like it," he explained when asked why he killed his first victim, Karen Hodella, 44, who he had never met in 2002.
"I didn't have to have a reason," he added.
"Everybody thinks when you do the type of stuff I did, people automatically think it's because you had a bad childhood.
"They think you were molested, or ask you if you started fires - I didn't do any of that.
"I had a perfectly normal childhood."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
His second victim was his mother's friend Christine Whitis, 75, and her body was found in Gibson's garage in New Albany.
Just days later another of Gibson's victims was found buried in his garden.
"She caught me cutting up another woman. She said was going to call the police. I strangled her," he said.
He then admitted killing Stephanie Kirk, 35, on March 25, 2012.
McDonald asked if he had any humanity and Gibson said: "I don't believe I've got any humanity. It just doesn't seem to affect me.
"I could kill a person and then just go out for dinner. I don't care."
Gibson was sentenced to death for his crimes in June 2014.
HOUSTON, TX - DECEMBER 10: Tom Savage #3 of the Houston Texans is hit by Elvis Dumervil #58 of the San Francisco 49ers in the second quarter at NRG Stadium on December 10, 2017 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Tim Warner/Getty Images)
By KRISTIE RIEKEN, AP Sports Writer
HOUSTON (AP) — Texans coach Bill O'Brien says he wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave him a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if he had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward.
Tom Savage hits head on ground, appears to have seizure while ref looks on, comes back in the game 5 minutes later. pic.twitter.com/gW9lYxDIwQ — TheRenderNFL (@TheRenderNFL) December 10, 2017
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline at the end of that possession.
He was then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that he did have a concussion.
On Monday O'Brien said: “There's no video on the sideline. All there are are tablets. There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of seeing the video … (and) the care for the player, I would've never let that player back in the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've allowed that player back in the game. I don't have benefit of the video. I did not see anything.”
Also on Monday an NFL spokesman said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured.
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association “together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it.”
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Rome, July 4 - A one-day strike on July 14 by workers for Rome trash company AMA is set to add to the capital's refuse-management woes. The long-standing problems in the city with its rubbish have intensified in recent days, with refuse uncollected in several areas. Trade unions representing AMA workers informed Rome Mayor Virginia Raggi and the prefect's department about the protest on Wednesday. Only a basic, minimum service will be guaranteed.
On Sunday, LOVE Magazine released its annual advent calendar. And on the " 3rd day of Christmas ," 26-year-old model Emily Ratajkowski stands clothed in nothing but red lingerie, a pair of winter gloves, and...Italian food. All in the name of feminism.. Right, feminists?I'm sure Weinstein is thanking you copiously for it.Ratajkowski has been a fervent "feminist" for quite some time, and lately has developed quite a voice when it comes to acknowledging and decrying allegations of sexual assault, harassment, and rape. Yet she, a thin, white, cis woman who has probably never ingested carbs in her life, is parading herself around like a sex object.Not to mention the fact that she has dozens of pictures of herself either half- or completely naked on her Twitter profile , which was research I REALLY didn't want to have to do, but it is what it is.Digression aside, the. And incredibly irritating.The theme for the LOVE calendar this year was #StayStrong. Yet nearly 80% of the Day 1 video compilation features half-naked women with their nasty bits right up in the camera.Maybe it's just me, but I fail to see how sexualizing women like this accomplishes anything productive, aside from empowering male masturbation (and female, if that's how you roll). Full disclosure: this video is basically soft core porn, so don't watch if you think Mom or Wifey might barge in on you or something.(God, I feel self-conscious even including this in here. Also, about the thumbnail...I'm sorry?)And we wonder why sexual assault and harassment are such a pervasive issue in our society?It's because women want to be seen as sexual creatures, praised for embracing their sexuality. And the second a man thinks to compliment them on it or ask them to dinner or hold open a door for them so they can a) act chivalrous for a change, and b) get a nice look at dat ass...they cry that they are being objectified.Which is it? Do you want to be seen as a sex object, or don't you?You can't have it both ways. When you objectify yourself, you won't just have Christian Grey's and Edward Cullen's looking at you. You'll also get Harvey Weinstein's and Roy Moore's.So decide, feminists.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This was a day when Manchester City once again showed the ugly side of their beautiful game.
The seventh red card of Pep Guardiola's six-month tenure left a stain on an otherwise spirited display from his side.
Forced to play with 10 men for the best part of an hour following Fernandinho's straight red card, City dug deep to grind out a 2-1 win over Burnley that moved them up to third.
After their insipid performance in losing 1-0 at Liverpool on New Year's Eve, Guardiola needed his players to respond with a statement of intent. And while City may have fallen short on that front, lacking any real fluency and style, the resilience and endeavour they showed ultimately saw them over the line.
But victory came at a price, with Guardiola now unable to call upon Fernandinho, one of his most influential players, for the next four games.
The Blues' boss did his best Arsene Wenger impression afterwards, claiming he "didn't see it" when asked for his reaction to the Brazilian midfielder's 32nd-minute dismissal.
Guardiola's touchline reaction to the sending-off - taking off his coat and throwing it to the ground in clear frustration - suggested he had, indeed, seen the incident.
It was a rash challenge, a two-footed scissor tackle and one which earned Fernandinho his third red card in six weeks following early baths against Borussia Monchengladbach and Chelsea.
As he had just returned from a three-match ban for that latter dismissal and was wearing the captain's armband, Guardiola, his fellow players and their fans are entitled to expect more from a player of Fernandinho's experience.
His enforced absence has been compounded by the fact City are already missing key central midfielders heading into key games against West Ham, Everton and Tottenham.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Reuters)
City are without Ilkay Gundogan, who is out for the season, and Fabian Delph remains injured while Fernando cannot even make it into Guardiola's matchday squad.
In that context, Fernandinho's recklessness has left the manager with a problem he could do without.
The only positive from the day was the plundering of three points to move within seven of leaders Chelsea, who play away at Spurs on Wednesday.
City were struggling for their usual fluency when the key flashpoint of the game arrived just after the half-hour mark.
When his pass to Kevin De Bruyne was cut out, Fernandinho's only intent was to retrieve the ball, but as soon as he launched himself at Joey Gudmundsson with both feet, he was in trouble.
Referee Lee Mason thought for a moment before producing a red card.
Guardiola waited until the break to make changes, bringing on Sergio Aguero and David Silva. City's star duo had been benched following the Anfield defeat, but circumstances forced their reintroduction.
The hosts found an unlikely first goal-scorer in Gael Clichy, whose 58th-minute angled shot found its way past keeper Tom Heaton.
It was defender Clichy's first goal at the Etihad over five years after signing from Arsenal.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Four minutes later their lead was doubled, as Aguero claimed his 17th of the season with an outrageous finish — again from a tight angle.
Burnley gave themselves hope of salvaging something from the game with defender Ben Mee's 70th-minute goal off the underside of the bar, after City had tried to scramble the ball to safety.
But it was ultimately too little, too late.
The home side saw the game out, showing they have the collective strength of character to win games in adversity, even if discipline remains a problem.
Raipur: Though it's hard to believe, but it's true. Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes Nand Kumar Sai was filmed ploughing his farmland in his home state Chhattisgarh.
The sight of former parliamentarian ploughing his agricultural field along with other farmers in his ancestral village Bhagora in Jashpur district has caught the attention of Internet users, who have widely shared the visuals.
Dressed in a vest and a dhoti with a 'gamcha' draped around his neck, the NCST chairman is seen ploughing his agricultural land in the scorching heat with the help of two bullocks in the video.
After he finished ploughing the field, wheat seeds were spread across the field for planting.
The Senior tribal leader from Chhattisgarh and ex-parliamentarian Sai assumed charge as chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) in the month of February.
Sai was elected to the Madhya Pradesh legislative assembly in 1977, 1985 and 1998. He was also elected to the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly in 2000 and was the first leader of opposition in the House.
Sai was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1989, 1996 and 2004 and was also elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2009 and 2010. He has also served as member of parliamentary standing committee on coal and steel and member of the parliamentary consultative committee of Ministry of Urban Development and Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
Sai has been actively involved in spread of education in tribal areas. An ardent supporter of prohibition, he has been in the forefront of various movements to oppose atrocities and exploitation of tribals.
ADVERTISEMENT
Across the West, from the U.K.'s Brexit to the rise of Donald Trump in the U.S., societies are dividing along similar fault lines. But we can't quite agree on how to describe it: Neoliberal centrists vs. antiliberal extremists? Elites vs. populists? Globalists vs. nationalists? The establishment vs. the working class?
Each of those dichotomies captures something about our present moment, but none of them gets at the fundamentals — the sociological core of what we're all living through, which is a growing socio-cultural chasm pitting the city and the countryside against each other.
In an important essay for The Washington Post, Will Wilkinson recently examined President Trump's consistent rhetorical hostility to cities and noted the salience of the urban-rural divide for understanding the outcome of the 2016 election. "The bigger, denser, and more diverse the city, the better Hillary Clinton did in November. But Trump prevailed everywhere else — in small cities, suburbs, exurbs, and beyond."
And so it has been in other places as well. In the Brexit vote, London strongly voted to stay in the EU, while less densely populated industrial centers and more rural areas voted to leave. Most recently, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's anti-democratic referendum in Turkey narrowly passed despite strong opposition in Istanbul and Ankara, because it was strongly supported in outlying areas. The same is likely to happen in France's upcoming presidential election, in which Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front will do well outside of Paris while losing the capital in a landslide.
Since the time of Aristotle, political philosophers have noted that those who live in cities have a different sensibility than those who live in the countryside. The American constitutional framers were certainly aware of and concerned about the difference. Thomas Jefferson famously declared that republican government needed to be founded on the virtues practiced and fostered by yeomen farmers — and fretted that commerce encourages vices that could be incompatible with it. Alexander Hamilton, meanwhile, placed his hopes for the future of the country in capitalistic dynamism and technological modernity — both of which were most highly developed in urban centers.
Today we face problems generated less by the triumph of one alternative over the other than by the persistence of each, and the increasingly rancorous clash between them.
Cities tend to be wealthier than less densely populated areas, but also more stratified, while more rural areas are poorer but more egalitarian. Urban populations also tend to be better educated (and highly skilled) overall, more ethnically diverse (with more immigrants), and less religious, while the countryside is less skilled, more homogeneous (in American terms: white), and more religious (though church attendance even in rural areas appears to be falling).
Then there are the deeper socio-cultural differences.
Speaking at the level of ideal types, cities tend to be more dynamic, marked by rapid change, with the people who live there assuming that such changes make things better over time. The countryside, by contrast, is less dynamic, with changes happening more slowly, along with the assumption that changes often make things worse. These clashing sensibilities contribute to political differences between the different regions. Cities tend to be more optimistic and thus politically liberal or progressive. Rural areas, by contrast, are more pessimistic, or at least marked by doubts that change will yield improvements; hence the penchant for conservative or reactionary (at times right-wing populist) politics among voters in less densely populated places.
These socio-cultural and political differences are partly rooted, in turn, in the enduring experiencing of life in both places. In the low-density and underdeveloped countryside, people live in much closer proximity to nature, surrounded by forces human beings only marginally control. In that context, individuals, families, and communities tend to feel smaller, less omnipotent, more vulnerable.
In cities, by contrast, people live in a largely controlled environment, surrounded by pavement and concrete, dwarfed by large buildings constructed by human beings, immersed in massive infrastructure projects. Nighttime illumination even blocks out the stars, replacing the vault of the heavens with the rapidly moving blinking white and red lights of the airplanes that shuttle us from city to city at all hours of the day and night. It's a largely artificial world created by people and insulated from extra-human forces that, to a remarkable extent, we've succeeded in mastering for the sake of human betterment.
These enduring differences in rural and urban experiences have been exacerbated by recent economic trends, as cities have become magnets for the hyper-educated winners of our civilization's ceaseless meritocratic striving as well as immigrants longing for a better life, turning them into vibrant hubs of big business, high tech, and the services that support them. At the same time, the countryside has lost the manufacturing jobs that once served as its economic ballast, leaving only a limited number of service jobs behind, and sometimes not even those.
The city enjoys strong growth, while the countryside endures slow, grinding decline, along with the physical and spiritual maladies that accompany it. And in the process, each region becomes more what it already tended to be — with the cities more convinced than ever of their self-sufficiency and virtue, and the countryside becoming darker and less hopeful, more pessimistic and angry about the injustice of living in a country where the pace of change constantly accelerates, and the resulting changes consistently make life harder and less fulfilling.
It's hard to know how to formulate a productive response to these trends, but Paul Krugman's Monday column stands as an excellent example of an approach that won't do any good. Mocking President Trump's (most likely empty) promises to bring back mining and manufacturing jobs, Krugman tells those who once worked in those sectors and now find themselves unemployed to stop whining. "In an ever-changing economy, jobs are always being lost: 75,000 Americans are fired or laid off every working day." This is the ceaseless churn of capitalism's creative destruction, and the role of government in that churn is to provide benefits to soften the blows individuals and communities end up having to absorb, all the while acting "to keep the overall economy strong."
The most important word in that passage is "overall." If job losses and gains were being felt equally throughout the country, then focusing on keeping the "overall economy strong" and providing Band-Aids to heal the wounds it inflicts might be politically sensible advice. The problem is that job losses and gains haven't been felt equally over the past two decades. The pain has been concentrated in the low-density countryside, with most of the benefits going to high-density cities and suburbs. The latter just keeps getting better while the former just keeps getting worse.
That's a recipe for exactly what we have: worsening political and regional polarization, along with growing anger and incomprehension on both sides. And as each of those get worse, people stuck in stagnant communities will be less inclined to relocate to places with more prospects. Uprooting oneself and one's family is challenging enough. When it requires immersion and assimilation into what appears to be a profoundly hostile foreign culture, the obstacles can seem insurmountable.
And so the divide deepens, with no clear end in sight.
career staff at the State Department and USAID
Rep. Chris Smith (R-N.J.) held a hearing Tuesday calling attention to the astonishing lack of any U.S. funding going directly to religious minorities in Iraq and Syria who were targeted for genocide by ISIS."In the final appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017, Congress required that the U.S. State department and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) fund the assistance promised by the administration," Rep. Smith said Earlier this year, Congress allocated more than $1.4 billion in funds for refugee aid with specific language to ensure that part of the money would be used to assist religious minority groups, including Christians and Yazidis, who the State Department recognized as victims of genocide in 2016.Smith also called for the passage of his bill , The Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Genocide Accountability Act, which would "ensure that humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery assistance for nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities from those countries, is directed toward ethnic and minority individuals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals and communities that are at risk of persecution or war crimes."Several witnesses attested to the desperate need of the Christians and Yazidis in Iraq and Syria.Stephen M. Rasche, Legal Counsel and Director of IDP Resettlement Programs for the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, testified that the Christians in Iraq "have still yet to receive any form of meaningful aid from the U.S. Government.""Over the past three years," he said, "we repeatedly approached the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development in Iraq and in Washington, DC to see if they would be willing to fund our humanitarian and rebuilding aid programs. We explained the needs on-the-ground were outpacing private funding and help from governments like the United States was needed to enable these communities to survive."he explained. They have asserted that directing assistance to particular religious or ethnic communities would be 'discrimination' and a 'violation of humanitarian principles,' even if these communities had been targeted for genocide and assistance was being directed to them to prevent their destruction."that specifically stated that 2017 'International Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall be made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities, including victims of genocide designated by the Secretary of State,'" he said. "The fiscal year ended days ago, with these agencies continuing to shirk their statutory obligations. Still no aid has been provided to the imperiled Christian minority."Rasche pointed out that last month the Department of State's Bureau for Population, Refugees and Migration "provided $32 million in emergency humanitarian assistance to the Rohingya Muslims - a religious minority in Burma," saying, "this action begs the question of why the State Department, which has distributed over $220 million in humanitarian assistance in Iraq since 2014, has consistently ignored the dire needs of persecuted minorities in Iraq."Rasche also highlighted some major problems with the UN Development Programme (UNDP) which is the main funding instrument "through which the US Government seeks to promote post-ISIS stabilization, rehabilitation and political stability in Iraq," and through which USAID "has so far spent or allocated all of its funding for stabilization in Iraq, over $265 million.""While status reports from UNDP work in Nineveh purport to show real progress in the Christian majority towns, on the ground we see little evidence of it," he said. "Work projects are in most cases cosmetic in nature, and much of that cynically so. 'Completed' school rehabilitation projects in Teleskov and Batnaya take the form of one thin coat of painting of the exterior surface walls, with freshly stenciled UNICEF logos every 30 feet."He added that while UNDP claims that work is done in areas in which religious minorities are the majority, in one report, they boast of work done in the "Christian" town of Telkayf, except "there are no more Christians in Telkayf. They were forced from this town by acts of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. ISIS was firmly in control of this town until last fall and many of its Sunni Arab residents remained. Many of those residents, who openly welcomed ISIS while simultaneously engaging in the forced and violent expulsion of the majority Christians, are still there.""Telkayf has also been chosen as a settlement site for the families of slain ISIS fighters," he emphasized. "As such, 100 percent of the work being done in this town benefits the Sunni Arab residents of the town, and there is no consideration anywhere in UN aid planning for the displaced Christians, who now depend wholly upon the Church and private sources for their survival."he said.Rasche called on the Senate to pass Rep. Smith's bill and suggested that "Congress urge this Administration to appoint an interagency coordinator empowered to oversee and solve this issue."Shireen Jerdo Ibrahim, a Yazidi woman who was taken captive by ISIS in 2014, gave a powerful testimony about the hardships she had faced and the need for U.S. aid to help the Yazidis."Today as I speak here before you, 19 members of my family and my relatives are missing," she said. "They may be killed or still in captivity but we don't know anything about them. Many countries including United states and the United Nations recognized the Yazidi genocide, however our hope was there will be steps following that to provide justice and protection for my people. We are still waiting for action and the liberation of thousands of Yazidis from ISIS captivity.""Our homes and lives were destroyed by ISIS, however, we still hope that our homeland will be re-built," she said, "so that Yazidis, Christians and other minorities can find peace again, because this was our ancient homeland where we once co-existed as brothers and sisters."
The hectic Christmas schedule is well underway and Arsenal are back in action this midweek.
It's a trip across London to West Ham for the Gunners and Arsene Wenger is set to preview the fixture this morning.
The Arsenal boss will address the media and reveal all about his side's current injury situation, while also likely touching on the other recent media reports.
Mesut Ozil is set to be the subject of new contract talks once again, while Olivier Giroud appears to be in a back-and-forth with his manager over where his future lies.
We will also expect some reaction to the Europa League draw, where Arsenal have been pitted against Swedish minnows Osterunds FK.
Follow everything that he has to say right here.
Hungry? A familiar neighborhood barbecue spot has you covered. Located at 465 E. Illinois St. (between Mcclurg Ct. & Peshtigo Ct.) in Streeterville, the new addition is called Carson's Ribs River East After more than 40 years at its River North location, Carson's Ribs closed its doors in February for the move to its new flagship locale in River East. It takes over the space that previously housed Quay , which closed in 2016.On the menu, expect to see favorites such as barbecue baby back ribs, roasted Greek chicken and chopped spare rib ends, all served with coleslaw and a choice of sides like roasted Greek potatoes, fries or fresh vegetables.There's a selection of sandwiches on offer, too, like brisket or pulled pork, crispy chicken with sun-dried tomato mayo and chargrilled ginger-glazed salmon.Rounding things out is a selection of desserts such as chocolate cake and key lime pie. (You can check out the full menu here .)With a five-star rating out of four reviews on Yelp so far, patrons have warmly received the new location.Aimee L. said , "Ribs! Cooked to perfection and the sauce on the side is tangy, sweet, and yummy. It included a side, and the twice-baked potato was really good. Cheesy and not overly buttery. The cole slaw was glorious. Crunchy, fresh, and a bit spicy like wasabi."And Tony K. said , "Great ribs and just steps from Navy Pier! There was a wait when we got in, so I am glad we made reservations. Service was good and came out fast. We had the combo pork chop and ribs and the and the brisket sandwich."Intrigued? Stop in to try it for yourself. Carson's Ribs River East is open Friday and Saturday from 11:30am-midnight, and Sunday-Thursday from 11:30am-11pm.
How Labels Can Affect People's Personalities And Potential What is it that makes you...you? How much of a person's personality and potential are based on the expectations of others? NPR's Shankar Vedantam explores new research that suggests the labels we use to categorize people affect not just who they are now, but who they'll become in the future.
Indian IT Outsourcers Anxious Over Potential Changes To H1-B Visas
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years— has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
Talent has become more important than investment or trade. ... Those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 Fresh Air. To see more, visit Fresh Air
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR. For a few months in 1968, jazz pianist Bill Evans led a trio with Jack DeJohnette on drums and Eddie Gomez on bass. They spent five weeks in Europe. A newly unearthed concert recording catches them live in a Dutch radio studio. Jazz critic Kevin Whitehead has a review.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "ALFIE")
KEVIN WHITEHEAD, BYLINE: The Bill Evans Trio in 1968, whispering Burt Bacharach's "Alfie." Evans is getting some renewed attention lately. That's partly due to Bruce Spiegel's documentary "Bill Evans: Time Remembered," a detailed dive into his complicated life. Like other jazz docs, it left me wishing for more uninterrupted music. But there are plenty of Evans records for that. Those now include a previously unissued gem from 1968, "Another Time: The Hilversum Concert." Evans' trio plays with spontaneity and grace and is always swinging some kind of way.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "YOU'RE GONNA HEAR FROM ME")
WIHTEHEAD: Bill Evans is best remembered for bringing Euro-romantic harmony and gauzy atmospherics to jazz piano, as on Miles Davis' "Kind Of Blue." But Evans came up digging the great bebop pianist whose right hand sang improvised melodies like a saxophone. Eddie Gomez, his bassist for a couple of years already, could walk behind him or step up to play counterpoint. Jack DeJohnette might use his brushes to slap out running commentary or goose them along.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "VERY EARLY")
WIHTEHEAD: As a pianist himself, Jack DeJohnette knows how the overtones of cymbals and drums can interfere with piano and how to avoid that. He's a master of cymbal textures, knows all the sounds they can make depending on where and how hard you strike them and what with. DeJohnette brings a playful quality to this sober trio. On Evans' break tune "Five," drums play an odd game of peekaboo before settling down to a serious swing.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "FIVE")
WIHTEHEAD: Bill Evans had worked with independent-minded bass virtuosos before Eddie Gomez. But none had more lasting influence. During his years with Evans, Gomez set the style for piano trio bass solos. Soon, dozens of bassists were scooting up the neck to pluck fast melodies in the cello range.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "EMILY")
WIHTEHEAD: After this 1968 concert, Eddie Gomez would go on to play with Bill Evans for another nine years. That says it all about their compatibility. Good as Jack DeJohnette sounded with them, three months later, he was gone. By the end of the year, he'd record his first album as leader and start playing with Miles Davis. A decade later, DeJohnette would draft Eddie Gomez into a new quartet. And they'd also reunite behind other leaders. Bill Evans continued on with trios until his death in 1980. He led some very good ones. This was one of his best.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "WHO CAN I TURN TO?")
GROSS: Kevin Whitehead writes for Point of Departure and TONEAudio and is the author of "Why Jazz?" He reviewed the previously unissued recording "Another Time: The Hilversum Concert" by the Bill Evans Trio, recorded in 1968. It's on vinyl now and will be available on CD and download September 1. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, my guest will be Max Brooks, author of "The Zombie Survival Guide," "World war Z" and a new novelization of the video game "Minecraft." His zombie books are his way of dealing with fears he grew up with, like the AIDS epidemic, earthquakes, war. He now works with the military on preparedness training. Max is the son of Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for online media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "WHO CAN I TURN TO?") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
It takes more than love to keep a relationship hot—and these couples are proof of that. In this episode of Black love, our couples detail everything they do to keep their relationship sexy. After being together for years, Nica & Okai, Jen & Gary and Ben & Melinda, explain the ins and outs of their love and how their passion stays alive.
The group is totally candid about the hottest places they've had sex and the one thing their partner does to turn them all the way on.
You may pick up a few tips for your own relationship along the way.
Happy Valentine's Day!
#Black Love
MORE SEX & LOVE
HelloBeautiful Celebrates Black Love In All Its Forms
Advice For Women In A Sexless Marriage
Here Are 6 Ways Social Media Can Destroy Your Marriage
Also On The Chicago Defender:
A widespread wireless network outage has turned Michigan into a red blob.
Verizon Wireless is reporting the service outage started at about 9 a.m. on Monday, Dec. 11.
The following counties have been impacted:
Saginaw, Oscoda, Livingston, Roscommon, Montcalm, Kent, Grand Traverse, Berrien, Calhoun, Lake, Arenac, Ingham, Chippewa, Lapeer, Kalkaska, Clinton, Newaygo, Lenawee, Otsego, Ottawa, Mackinac, Montmorency, Manistee, Missaukee, Emmet, Washtenaw, Clare, Shiawassee, Isabella, Wayne, Crawford, Luce, Gratiot, Bay, Ogemaw, Charlevoix, Benzie, Alpena, Leelanau, Oceana, Ionia, Wexford, Presque Isle, Mason, Genesee, Mecosta, Cheboygan, Antrim, Gladwin, Iosco, Osceola, Oakland, Midland, Alcona.
It's unclear how many customers are without service.
Verizon said crews are making efforts to restore service to affected customers. It's unclear what caused the outage.
>>See the Verizon outage map here<<
Down Detector is also showing some AT&T outages, although not on the scale of Verizon.
>>See the AT&T outage map here<<
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
X22 Report
Dave's Bio: I am 49 years old and I have children. I lived in NY and I was there for 911 and the North East blackout. I lost my job in 2008 and was laid off. Since 2008 I have been prepping. My wife, kids and I try to eat organic and we try to avoid all chemicals in foods. We make our own bread, food and pizza from scratch. I have a technology background and have worked for large financial institutions. My main job was securing the systems from viruses and hackers and maintaining the trading systems so the money flowed from system to system. I have tried talking to friends and relatives about what was going on but every time I talked about the government, FED and the economic collapse they looked at me like I was crazy. I decided to start a website and broadcast to the world what was going on. I didn't really think that anyone would really listen to what I was saying when I started it was just a way to get the word out and get it off my chest. I realized as the cost of everything continually increases it is getting harder and harder to live the life of my parents and grandparents. I realized if we all don't do something our children will not have the opportunities and freedoms the way the founding fathers envisioned.
/
You too can build a strong foundation for your future by using that spare study time to dive deep into the skills that'll be most applicable for the real world.
March 19, 2018 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Look at a list of successful entrepreneurs, and it's pretty easy to spot the demographic patterns. Most of those who are household names are white, well-connected males from the upper strata of society with access to capital, and degrees from famous colleges.
But that doesn't have to be the case. Researchers behind the CEO Genome Project studied thousands of CEOs and found that 8 percent never completed college. This latter group were leaders highly valued among their teams, evidenced by the fact that 89 percent had spent their careers in their respective industries, building knowledge and cultivating key relationships.
Related: Why the Traditional 4-Year Degree Isn't Cutting It Anymore
I can tell you from experience that while there might be a traditional path for creating a successful company, you don't have to follow it turn by turn. I built a company that generates multimillion-dollar revenue, and I come from a modest family background and never attended regular college -- something nearly unheard of in India.
When I was 17 years old, my father told me I should help him run his business instead of getting an engineering degree. Looking back, I can see how that choice to “take the blue pill” actually put me in a better place to become a successful entrepreneur because it taught me things I never could have gained in a classroom.
Valuing exposure over academics
After deciding to forgo college, I began attending a computer programming course offered in the evenings at a small institution. I immediately fell in love. I even paid $20 for a programming book -- a price inconceivable at the time in rural India. After I completed the course, I decided to start my own computer training center with four partners.
Colleges tend to create artificial environments where students don't get true exposure to real-world concepts. But in my own training center, I had unlimited exposure to creating programs and solving real problems. Had I studied computer science at a university, I would have been restricted to the assignments I was given and might not have realized my full potential.
Without an engineering degree, searching for a job in the tech world was a big challenge, but I eventually secured a role with HP. There, I realized I had a knack for working on problems that were not easily solved. Because I wasn't chained to a college course, I could dive deep into those topics and build up my knowledge bank. Some of those topics even became the foundation for my future business.
Related: To Be a Big Company Solve Big Problems
How to succeed without a degree
During my journey as an entrepreneur, I believe I've learned much more from working in the field than I would have had I pursued a college degree. If you want to strike out on your own and bypass the college process, follow these steps I did to build a strong foundation for your future:
1. Don't study for the test -- go deep instead. In most colleges, students have the system figured out: You pass the class if you pass the test. So, if material won't be on the test, there's no need to bother with it. Many of my early co-workers took a similar approach, putting in the minimum effort to gain promotions or simply not get fired. But in business, you need to actively pursue the deep knowledge necessary to solve problems as they arise.
Entrepreneur and investor James Altucher told a CNBC interviewer how, while he'd received a degree from prestigious Cornell University, when he got his first job, he had to take remedial programming classes for two months because he hadn't learned the necessary skills.
Altucher suggested that spending four years pursuing skills relevant to your desired industry is better than getting a broad yet shallow education through college courses. Instead of spending money on college, books or online tutorials, he said that would-be entrepreneurs should seek out mentors to teach them the ropes in their target industry. They should concentrate on diving deep into the subjects they need to become an expert in.
2. Give value to individuals, but bet on your team. College, by and large, is an individual effort. You get an individual degree after taking individual courses and writing individual papers. However, in business, there is almost no metric by which you can evaluate yourself that isn't heavily influenced by a team. When I started my own company, I prioritized building great relationships with my talented and trustworthy colleagues.
Related: 5 Reasons Why Hiring Is the Single Most Important Skill for Founders
Once you've gained the skills you need, shift your focus to creating a team you trust to weather the hard times and support your endeavors. Instill in your team the mindset that each of you has something valuable to contribute and that each individual is expected to put in the same high level of effort.
According to a Harvard Business Review survey, 82 percent of participants rated leadership as a crucial entrepreneurial skill, so follow that advice: Ensure you provide your team with solid leadership. Make plans for managing your employees, maintaining company culture, resolving conflicts and communicating your vision.
3. Chase and solve hard problems. As a software engineer, I found that one area I really latched on to was rule-based computing, a big problem with few solutions. Rule-based computing became a specialty of mine and eventually became the foundation for my company.
I could have never learned the depths of rule-based computing through an engineering course, though. I learned it through many hours spent solving difficult problems and exploring the limits of what was possible.
Solving hard problems became the focus of my entrepreneurial journey. If you solve hard problems, I learned, you never have to chase after customers or venture capital funding -- they come to you. Early-stage VC funding has decreased recently, so it's better to spend your time -- and money -- tackling difficult problems head-on. Put all your effort into improving your process and developing your products or services, and your company will be more attractive to investors and customers alike.
So, take my word for it: Your failure to win life's demographic lottery doesn't mean you can't be a successful entrepreneur. In fact, the very reason you don't fit the mold might be what propels you forward. Don't let your starting place or your path in life dictate where you end up.
Use the tools and experiences given to you, and carve your own path to success.
Related Coverage Jewish Community Center remains closed in Woodbridge after fire
WOODBRIDGE Conn. (WTNH) — The Jewish Community Center of Greater New Haven has opened a new facility to use as a fitness center in Woodbridge.
The JCC was forced to find new accommodations after a fire closed their main building on December 6th. Hundreds of people were inside the JCC when the flames started. The chief says two firefighters were hurt and one had to be carried out of the building.
At this point the fire chief says the flames started in the sauna, but they say the fire was ruled accidental.
The new JCC building has new spaces and places for all of it's programs including daycare, fitness center and school. The school has found a new home fast at the Congregation B'nai Jacob. The fitness center opened at 5a.m. Monday morning.
For more information on the center you can head to the JCC website.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saturday Night Takeaway has been cancelled this weekend - leaving ITV bosses with a massive headache.
Ant McPartlin sensationally confirmed he's heading back to rehab following his drink drive arrest, with Saturday Night Takeaway now scrapped this week.
This has forced ITV to draft two shows in amid schedule chaos, with episodes of Through The Keyhole and Take Me Out filling the holes.
A crucial The Voice UK knockout round will now air at the much earlier time of 7pm rather than it's original billing of 8.20pm.
(Image: ITV)
Following that will be Keith Lemon hosting an episode of Through The Keyhole, then the ITV News and Weather at 10pm.
Saturday's big film, Fast & Furious 5, will air at 10.15pm before Paddy McGuinness on a repeated Take Me Out show at 12.30am on Sunday morning.
ITV is yet to decide whether the final two episodes of the Saturday Night Takeaway series will air or who will host, but Ant will certainly not be returning to screens.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," a statement from Ant and Dec's rep said.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
ITV released its own statement, confirming this week's show will not go ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Did you see what happened at Ant's crash site? Email webcelebs@trinitymirror.com to tell your story
“ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend," a spokesperson said.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment. We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: WENN.com)
Footage has emerged showing the 42-year-old looking shell shocked and unsteady on his feet just seconds after a three-car smash.
The TV favourite was nicked by cops after crashing his black Mini into two other vehicles on Sunday afternoon. He failed a roadside breathalyser test and was held in police custody for 10 hours for questioning.
And video obtained by the Daily Mail shows the star looking confused and dishevelled as he emerges from the crashed car.
His mum Christine Woodhall was in the car at the time, having gone for a walk with her son and their dogs at nearby Richmond Park. She returned to the west London home they now share since Ant's split from his wife Lisa Armstrong, and was seen leaving this morning to be smuggled away in a luxury Mercedes van.
Earlier today he was locked in 'crisis talks' with his management team hours after being arrested and held on suspicion of drink-driving.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Ant still has 18 months left of his three-year £30million 'golden handcuffs' deal with the TV company and had been scheduled to work on the three remaining episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway, Britain's Got Talent and November's I'm A Celebrity.
It was around this time last year that Ant's addictions to prescription painkillers and alcohol were really taking their toll on the telly star - which he came clean about in an emotional interview in July 2017.
A 'botched' knee operation had left Ant in agony and he'd turned to substance abuse to help cope with the pain.
Revealing his struggle to The Sun, he thanked his now estranged wife Lisa Armstrong for helping him though.
"I want to thank my wife, family and closest friends for helping me through this really difficult time. I was at the point where anything — prescription drugs, non-prescription drugs — I would take," he said in July.
"And take them with alcohol, which is ridiculous. The doctors told me, 'You could have killed yourself'. The great thing is I spoke to a lot of the medical team and I'm not an alcoholic. I was just drinking too much to numb the pain.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Instagram/lisaamkup)
"It was never crazy — I wouldn't wake up in the morning and have a drink. But it was the mixing pills with alcohol that was deadly," he added.
Ant then entered a private rehab centre for drying-out treatment and seemed back to his normal self when he returned to TV screens in November for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!.
"I've taken a little break from booze — I've done two months and I'll do a little bit longer," Ant revealed in the same interview.
"But I'm looking forward to having a pint. God, yes! I can't go to Australia and not have a cold one at the surf club with Dec like we normally do.
"That's something to look forward to but I have to get well first."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MPs have lined up to demand extortionate hospital car park charges be axed as they were labelled “morally wrong”.
A debate on the issue in the House of Commons on Thursday demanded that the Government find the estimated £200 million to replace the money trusts make from the “stealth tax on sickness”.
It comes after the Mirror launched a campaign to ban charges which MPs heard cost some NHS staff £1,700 a year just to park at work.
Passionate speeches against the cruel charges were delivered from MPs on all sides of the house at the debate tabled by Tory MP Robert Halfon.
Mr Halfon said: “The Government themselves has published a report saying that better procurement within the National Health Service and hospitals would bring over £1 billion a year - I'm just asking for £200 million to scrap hospital parking charges.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
“The Department of Health financial accounts 2016/17 suggest that the department underspent their revenue budget by £563 million - which is about 0.5% of the total budget.”
“It might also be time to look at other areas of Government where we spent a significant amount of money and perhaps look at reallocating a very small amount of that money ... in order to scrap hospital car parking charges.”
In response health minister Stephen Bailey admitted that a ban was “desirable” but refused to say that the Government would take the issue forward.
Sir Mike Penning (Cons, Hemel Hempstead) said: “It's morally wrong.
“The amount we are talking about in relation to the whole pot of money is peanuts.”
Shadow Health Minister Julie Cooper said Labour would scrap the charges and reimburse trusts from a tax increase on private healthcare.
She said: “We have a National Health Service that was set up to be free at the point of delivery established in 1948 to make health care a right for all but that is not what is happening.
“Even though hospital car parking is free in Scotland and Wales here in England hospital users are forced to pay often at extortionate rates.
“We are charging the chronically ill, the terminally ill and their carers and visitors.”
Liberal Democrat former minister Sir Ed Davey suggested the Government to “at the very least get rid of parking charges for blue badge holders”.
Healthiest State Initiative Annual Walk a Success
DES MOINES, IOWA – October 4 , 2017 – Iowans in all 99 Iowa counties supported the Healthiest State Initiative with 30 minutes of walking, marking the third consecutive year in the Healthiest State Walk's seven-year history that organized walks were held in all of Iowa's 99 counties.
“The annual Healthiest State Walk is a great opportunity for Iowans to show their continuing support for Iowa to become the healthiest state in the nation,” said Jeff Russell, president and CEO of Delta Dental of Iowa and co-chair of the 2017 Healthiest State Walk. “More than 2 million Iowans have participated in the previous walks, and this year we once again wanted to focus on having an organized walk in every one of the 99 counties.”
Russell said that the Healthiest State Initiative's partnership with Delta Dental successfully engaged Iowans throughout the state once again. “This year's walk wanted Iowans to “get your walk on” and walk for 30 minutes and find a way to connect with the community.”
Efforts helped lead more than 850 walks throughout all 99 counties, but the Healthiest State encourages using this day as a starting point to walking every day.
###
The Healthiest State Initiative is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization driven by the goal to make Iowa the healthiest state in the nation. By engaging worksites, communities, schools, retail food, organizations, institutions and individuals, we can inspire Iowans and their communities to improve their health and happiness, and ultimately achieve our goal. For more information, visit www.iowahealthieststate.com.
Juan Muñoz lost his mother to cancer when he was six years old. Raised by a single father, Juan grew up both in the U.S., where he was born, and in his father's native Colombia. At age 16, when he was attending high school in Cape Coral, Fla., his father abandoned him and his 17-year-old sister. The siblings did not want to go into state foster care and risk being separated, so they went to work to make money and keep their family together. For Muñoz, who was taking rigorous Advanced Placement classes, that meant taking on a full-time job at a hotel, where he worked after school, from 3 p.m. to midnight, studying during his breaks.
As graduation approached, Muñoz applied to FIU and called to learn about his financial aid options. He learned he was eligible for the Fostering Panther Pride (FPP) program, which provides tailored academic and other support services to undergraduate students identified as former foster youth or homeless.
“Without this program I wouldn't have been able to attend FIU and I wouldn't be able to pursue my goal of a career in the biomedical field,” said Muñoz, 19, a freshman. “I feel like FIU has my back.”
FIU's President's Council, made up of members of the community who serve as FIU ambassadors and support FIU initiatives, have launched a campaign to raise $200,000 for the Fostering Panther Pride program this year. FPP was created in 2013 and currently serves more than 130 students. Through the program, FIU helps secure tuition, housing, referrals to FIU resources, mentoring, a success coach and other services that help students navigate challenges and keep them on track toward graduation.
“We want to raise money for basic needs that many of us take for granted – housing, meals, books, supplies and other expenses,” said Luly Balepogi, chair of the President's Council. “These are determined, hard-working students who have already overcome incredible challenges just to get accepted to FIU. We want to help them the rest of the way, so they can complete their degrees in four years and launch successful careers.”
Among fundraising efforts, the President's Council is joining forces with the Kiwanis of Little Havana, the Latin Builders Assoctiation and Cuban-American Bar Association to host a food and wine pairing reception on May 18th at FIU-MMC with proceeds benefiting FPP. They also are collaborating with FIU architecture professor Jaime Canaves to arrange an auction of student-designed and student-constructed domino sets at the event.
For more information on Fostering Panther Pride, please e-mail presidentscouncil@fiu.edu or call 305-348-4111.
The Hyundai Kona, which is likely the compact sports SUV that South Korean carmaker plans to launch in the first quarter of 2019. Photo: AP
New Delhi: Hyundai Motor India Ltd, which launched its tall-boy hatchback Santro for the masses in 1998, is repositioning itself as a modern, premium brand after completing 20 years in India. Going forward, Hyundai plans to add superior technology features, offer premium design and leverage customer data to offer customised solutions. Apart from product, the company is also revamping its dealerships and service centres—making them more tech-savvy to enhance customer experience.
“When we first entered India, our aim was to establish Hyundai as a mass brand. Having completed two decades, we want to now position Hyundai as a modern premium brand,” said Puneet Anand, senior general manager (marketing) and group head, Hyundai Motor India Ltd.
The South Korean carmaker, which gave serious competition to market leader Maruti Suzuki in India, plans to chart a new course by connecting with millennial consumers through innovating in design, technology and look and feel of its products. According to Anand, customers are willing to pay a 15% premium for a Hyundai product.
“Our last four products including Grand i10, Elite i20, Creta and Verna have made Hyundai an aspirational brand, which is reaching out to young millennials. Our focus has been to introduce features like wireless charger, telematics, Apple Car Play, bluetooth and touchscreen to make our cars truly a communicative platform,” he said.
On the communication front, the automobile firm has been running an advertising campaign Brilliant Moments which harps on the nostalgia associated with one's first car. The digital campaign features a grandfather who is visibly disturbed to part with Hyundai Accent, his first car which helped him create numerous memories.
With time, the auto brand said that it is also changing the way it talks to customers. Keeping its long-standing association with actor Shah Rukh Khan intact, the brand will now create an interesting mix of values based and product centric campaigns. “While Shah Rukh Khan will feature in ads where company's overall vision and social messaging like road safety will be highlighted, we will continue to launch product centric functional ads,”said Anand.
Hyundai, which grew at 8.2% in the first half of 2018 over last year, will be launching a small car (rumoured to be called Santro) ahead of the festive season in October this year. It is also slated to launch a compact sports SUV in the first quarter of 2019.
Also read: Auto firms fall back on old brand names for new models
The company's strategy of having a large number of small cars in the portfolio has clicked, with it enjoying over 16% market share in passenger vehicles. It currently has nine car models across segments, including the Eon, Grand i10, Elite i20, Active i20, Xcent, Verna, Elantra, Creta and Tucson.
Ambi Parameswaran, brand strategist and founder of Brand-Building.com, recalled that when Santro was launched in July 1998, it got a modest response. Tata Indica, which was launched in December that year, received tremendous response because it created a dissonance in the consumer brain that Maruti 800 is too small a car.
“However, Indica deliveries took time and dealers asked customers to switch to Santro and that's how Indica's loss turned out to be Santro's gain. Once that shift happened, Hyundai made sure that Santro matched customer expectations. They kept improving their services and subsequently launched new models,” he said.
Hyundai also gave India many firsts—a power steering in a small car (Santro) in 1998, bringing CRDi diesel engine technology in the Accent 2002 model and creating the premium hatchback category through its i20 car model. “Initially they were lucky but they continued delivering on quality, range of cars and value for money proposition,” said Parameswaran.
Agreed Jitender Dabas, chief strategy officer, McCann Worldgroup India. “Hyundai has certainly moved up by launching more stylish and design-led models like Elite i20 and its product innovation has taken it ahead in India,” Dabas said.
“I believe Hyundai is a product success story instead of an advertising success story. They kept on innovating in design, technology and comfort in their new models so much so that they have put the pressure back on Maruti Suzuki to better its act and launch more design-led car models. Suzuki had to go beyond its dealer network and servicing promise and launch premium cars like the Vitara Brezza to maintain its leadership,” he said.
CLOSE Tennessee defensive back Rashaan Gaulden apologizes for a gesture that resulted in a personal foul against Alabama Mike Wilson/News Sentinel
Tennessee defensive back Rashaan Gaulden (7) greets fans during the Vol Walk during a game between Tennessee and Vanderbilt at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tenn., on Saturday Nov. 25, 2017. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis/News Sentinel)
Tennessee's Rashaan Gaulden took exception with a tweet by ESPN college football analyst Kirk Herbstreit, congratulating Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield on Saturday night for winning the Heisman Trophy.
Herbstreit had criticized former UT coach Butch Jones on "College GameDay" on Oct. 28, saying Jones should have kicked Gaulden off the team for giving Alabama fans two middle fingers during a game on Oct. 21 in Tuscaloosa, Ala.
During a game at Kansas on Nov. 18, Mayfield grabbed his crotch twice, repeated an obscenity three times, then waved his hand to a Kansas assistant while saying "Come here! Come here! Come here!"
Sign Up: More GoVolsXtra Headlines: UT Vols basketball holds off Lipscomb to move to 7-1
Lady Vols: new athletic director Phillip Fulmer visits team practice
Lady Vols: Tennessee takes on Texas in different context
Black bear visits Gatlinburg candy shop
Colorblind woman sees color for first time
Fall colors paint the Smoky Mountains
Tailgating at the University of Tennessee
UT Vols: Tough guys could help end tough times at Tennessee
UT Vols: Jeremy Pruitt hire 'a cloud lifted off the program,' Rick Barnes says
Jeremy Pruitt will look to add to Tennessee's 2018 class
University of Tennessee coaching search is the latest event in history of The Rock
UT Vols: Jimmy Haslam says he 'had nothing to do' with Tennessee coaching search
UT Vols football: Pruitt's plans for offense, defense echo Alabama's style
Lady Vols basketball hosts Texas
Fans plan to #CheckerTBA during sold-out basketball game against UNC
">Get breaking news headlines in your inbox.
Gaulden retweeted Herbstreit's tweet, which said Mayfield is "VERY misunderstood!" and also said "his competitive spirit is special and sure, sometimes has gotten the best of him."
My man @baker_mayfield6 is VERY misunderstood! His competitive spirit is special and sure, sometimes has gotten the best of him. But, he is a good man that is driven to be the best. Congrats Baker! — Kirk Herbstreit (@KirkHerbstreit) December 10, 2017
The Vols' junior nickelback, in turn, responded via Twitter: "I should be kicked off the team and eat popcorn and I don't have a chip on my shoulder and I'm not competitive! Used to have a lot of respect for you!!!"
Lol bro but I should be kicked off the team and eat popcorn and I don't have a chip on my shoulder and I'm not competitive! Use to have a lot of respect for you!!! https://t.co/69W3IwjNvC — Rashaan Gaulden (@Gmoney_7era) December 10, 2017
When you make a mistake it's important to own it. @Gmoney_7era is 100% right and I apologize to him. Was more disappointed that day w/ Tennessee's lack of discipline as a team and this was my breaking point. Unfair to Rashaan. I'm sorry. I'm glad you pointed this out man. https://t.co/oKIQ1YU4Kp — Kirk Herbstreit (@KirkHerbstreit) December 10, 2017
Herbstreit apologized to Gaulden via Twitter on Sunday, saying: "Unfair to Rashaan. I"m sorry. I'm glad you pointed this out man."
Gaulden received a 15-yard unsportsmanlike penalty for his gesture after teammate Daniel Bituli scored a touchdown on an interception return during the third quarter, cutting Alabama's lead to 28-7.
“You're thinking, “With everything that's been going on at Tennessee that guy probably will never play again,” Herbstreit said, “Next series the defense is on the field, No. 7 is back in the lineup playing. And you wonder why Tennessee has issues. They don't have any discipline.”
“(Jones) should have taken his uniform off , sent him upstairs and said, ‘Go get a popcorn. You're no longer on the football team' and sent a message to the whole team.”
Gaulden apologized to Tennessee and Alabama fans during a postgame interview with reporters.
More GoVolsXtra Headlines:
UT Vols basketball holds off Lipscomb to move to 7-1
Lady Vols: new athletic director Phillip Fulmer visits team practice
Lady Vols: Tennessee takes on Texas in different context
Black bear visits Gatlinburg candy shop
Colorblind woman sees color for first time
Fall colors paint the Smoky Mountains
Tailgating at the University of Tennessee
UT Vols: Tough guys could help end tough times at Tennessee
UT Vols: Jeremy Pruitt hire 'a cloud lifted off the program,' Rick Barnes says
Jeremy Pruitt will look to add to Tennessee's 2018 class
University of Tennessee coaching search is the latest event in history of The Rock
UT Vols: Jimmy Haslam says he 'had nothing to do' with Tennessee coaching search
UT Vols football: Pruitt's plans for offense, defense echo Alabama's style
Lady Vols basketball hosts Texas
Fans plan to #CheckerTBA during sold-out basketball game against UNC
MILFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – Residents are spotting bears all across the state. News 8 has been getting a bunch of Report-It pictures and videos of bears – many coming from Milford. There have been bear sightings all over the city, especially over the past week or so.
Casey Leslie was in his backyard on Monday afternoon when he saw a bear cub. It walked around his yard and he was concerned that the mother bear was nearby.
“I had a lot of people outside and just told them to get inside,” he said.
The bear came back a short while later. This time it was by Leslie's trash cans.
“We've been seeing high numbers of coyotes lately, just not a black bear,” Leslie said.
City officials have been getting reports of bear sightings from all over the city – south and north of the Post Road, and even on the Post Road.
“Wildlife seems to be cropping up,” said Mayor Ben Blake. “We have a lot more sightings these days of bobcats and coyotes and bears.”
You probably expect bear sightings to occur in wooded areas, but a resident took a video of a bear walking around by Walnut Beach on Wednesday.
Blake hasn't just heard reports about bears, he has also seen one. He took a video of a bear up in a tree.
“It's neat to see nature in all its glory, but at the same time you have to be careful,” Blake said. “You have to be sensible.”
But those encounters with nature have some residents, like Leslie, on edge. He has been careful not to leave any trash or food outside. He has also been keeping a close eye on his yard.
“It's shocking. It's really shocking,” Leslie said. “I would never expect anything like that.”
City officials aren't sure how many bears residents have been seeing around Milford. They are trying to get the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection involved. If you see a bear, officials say to stay away from it.
Health spending is out of control
Re: Pricey beer is worth the cost of health care, May 28
In response to the letter about the price of beer, gas and apple crisp in Canada versus the United States.
I don't think Canadians mind paying extra to support our health care – I think people are overwhelmed by how much we are paying extra. The fact is, it's gone too far, and every time the government wants more, they bring out the health care boogeyman.
It's time to get this under control.
D.J. Phillips, Gloucester
Wynne stands strong in final debate
Re: Horwath pushes to forefront in final debate, May 28
Hurrah for Kathleen Wynne! It took stamina to stand before an open, televised forum and challenge the negative opinions of her.
Seeds of discontent with the premier were fostered by political maneuvering, long before the provincial election was called. It has wended its way into the opinion of the voting public.
Ontario has seen and tolerated its share of politically naïve and inept leaders, but regardless of one's political leanings this should not be said of the current premier.
Monica Duguid, Stittsville
Cyclist injuries a sad reality
Re: Cyclists riding for charity struck by passing car, May 29
I can't say this article surprises me. As a cyclist myself, I have had to endure any amount of hurled verbal abuse and near-death-experiences at the hands of drivers who thought that half a second of their precious time was worth more than my entire life.
The driver who struck four riders by passing on the shoulder of the road is
by no means atypical.
With arrogant attitudes at large on our streets and highways, it's not hard to believe in the dictum, “Four wheels bad, two wheels good.”
Jack Pyl, Ottawa
Airport parkway in horrible shape
A visitor's first impression to the nation's capital, Ottawa, after having arrived at the airport is marred by the state of the Airport Parkway. The bumps and potholes gives one the impression of neglect. Surely this entry into Ottawa could be upgraded. First impressions are never re-experienced.
Carl Hager, Quyon, Que.
CLOSE Knox County Sheriff Jimmy “J.J.” Jones holding press conference with Temple Baptist Church Pastor Clarence Sexton announcing a Church Security Seminar in light of recent church shootings. Tyler Whetstone/USA TODAY NETWORK - TENNESSEE
Tennessee statehouse (Photo: File / The Tennessean)
For decades incorporated cities and counties have paid a flat fee to the state so the Department of Revenue can process local option sales taxes and return them to the same counties and cities. For decades little has been made of the process.
The last two years, though, Knox County Commissioner John Schoonmaker and State Rep. Jason Zachary, R-Knoxville, have attempted to rid the state of this administrative fee and local lawmakers think the fee can be done away with in this year's General Assembly.
The topic of the fee came up during Thursday's legislative luncheon, a now annual affair, where Knox County Commissioners and members of the Knox County Board of Education meet with local state delegation members and suggest changes to laws and gave legislators an idea of what is concerning them before session starts.
Pay money to get money back
Buy Photo Knox County Commissioner John Schoonmaker (Photo: NEWS SENTINEL FILE)
Local municipalities have paid the 1.125 percent processing fee for decades. It doesn't seem like a lot of money until you add it up, Schoonmaker said.
The Department of Revenue collected $30 million statewide in this administrative fee in fiscal year 2016-17, he said. For Knox County the fee was $525,000. For the city of Knoxville it was $1.7 million, for Farragut, $140,000.
In a bygone era the fee made sense, Schoonmaker said, but now the state just has to “push a button.”
“This is money just to get your own money back,” he said. “I could certainly appreciate if we still had that three-story building with all of these employees running around trying to handle this paperwork, but it's not that anymore. It's just one of those things that needs to go away.”
Zachary said he will work to propose legislation that will likely look at reducing the fee by 1/3 for each of the next three years before completely eliminating it.
State Rep. Jason Zachary, R-Knoxville (Photo: Paul Efird)
The approximately $30 million a year won't be missed by the Department of Revenue, Schoonmaker said, because the department has regularly turned in $50-100 million in excess funds back into the state's general fund each year.
Last year's bill failed to gain traction, Zachary said, mainly because it was focused on taking Knox County out of the fee. He is drafting legislation to make the change for the entire state this year.
“In the City of Knoxville's case, they got hit pretty hard with the Hall Income Tax,” Zachary said. “This is a minor way (towards) getting us back whole again for some of that lost revenue.”
Knoxville Mayor Madeline Rogero spokesman Jesse Mayshark said Schoonmaker and Rogero have spoken about the fee and the mayor agrees with the commissioner's point.
“We support that effort and will be happy to work with the county and our legislators to support it,” Mayshark said.
Schools give F on new law
Buy Photo Knox County School Board Chairwoman Patti Bounds (Photo: MICHAEL PATRICK/NEWS SENTINEL)
Members of the Knox County School Board told legislators their No. 1 item to focus on is tweaking the new Every Student Succeeds Act. The new law brings a number of changes to the state, but the board focused on how the new law will rank schools on an A-F scale, something they said is wholly unfair.
The law, which is in effect for the 2017-18 school year, brings changes to transparency, accountability and school turnaround, and includes ranking schools A-F, changes how Tennessee reports on subgroups of students and boosts the recruitment and training of teachers.
The framework that will give schools an A-F letter based on progress in several areas, including students' readiness for college, career and the military; chronic absenteeism; out-of-school suspensions; and a variety of student achievement and growth data.
Board Chairman Patti Bounds said the new law will stigmatize schools and pointed to studies she said show that the grades tend to track the performance of poor students and make it harder for lower rated schools to hire and retain good teachers.
“I, personally speaking, not on behalf of the board, find it appalling that everything that teachers and schools do will be boiled down to a single grade of A-F,” she said.
Board members suggested the state legislators work to a system that would give an over-arching score or even use number rankings instead of letter grades.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2AMKIXD
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you love a good style steal online retailer ASOS will probably be a first port of call when shopping online.
Fashion fans looking for incredible savings on branded clothing, accessories and footwear should hold out for ASOS' Black Friday discounts.
Last year the retailer launched a full weekend of deals that lasted from Black Friday right through to Cyber Monday, giving shoppers more opportunity to pick up discounts of 20% off absolutely everything - including premium brands like Calvin Klein and Marc by Marc Jacobs.
And it wasn't just the main ASOS site that offered savings, ASOS Marketplace - the sister site stocking vintage and boutique labels - also gave shoppers 20% off for the entire weekend too.
Where to look for ASOS fashion deals?
You can ensure you're one of the first to know by bookmarking the official Black Friday page, or following the brand on Twitter and Facebook.
It's worth having a browse at what's on offer ahead of the 25th November and, either saving your basket for later, or bookmarking individual items.
Don't forget to sign up to the ASOS loyalty scheme before you start spending. As an ASOS A-LIST customer you'll earn five points for every £1 you spend, and 500 points will unlock a £5 ASOS A-LIST voucher.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The points you earn will also allow you to activate one of three ASOS A-LIST levels offering various rewards, ranging from sale previews and exclusive discounts to invitations to events.
Check out these shopping tips in the video below to snap up the best deals before they sell out:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheryl is said to be getting right back into the swing of things as she heads to America in the hope of collaborating with Justin Bieber.
The new mum, who welcomed baby Bear with boyfriend Liam Payne in March, is reportedly heading Stateside to work on her fifth solo album.
And according to reports, she's hoping to record a track with Biebs .
Liam, 23, is apparently doing his best to make things happen for his partner after setting up a meeting between her and the Canadian singer.
(Image: Splash News)
A source close to her told The Sun : "Cheryl's got a longer US visa so she can go back and forth more frequently to the States.
"She hasn't started working on the new album yet as she is still enjoying her time off with Bear.
"She's loved their time together as she adjusted to being a mum and is still easing herself back into work."
The source added that while Cheryl loves being a mum, she still has plenty of ambition left in her to be a singer.
(Image: Copyright unknown)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It comes after the Mirror revealed Cheryl was getting to work on her new album.
The 34-year-old has been enjoying motherhood but is now ready to juggle her responsibilities as a working mum.
Cheryl excited fans when she made a public outing to the US Embassy in London .
The ex- Girls Aloud star was there to get her US work visa approved so she could go to the States to work on her fifth album, set for release next year.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The L'Oréal ambassador met with her label Polydor in May to discuss her plans for a new updated sound and has lots of ideas about how to follow up her previous album from 2014, Only Human.
A source said: "Cheryl's got a longer US visa so she can go back and forth more frequently to the States. She hasn't started working on the new album yet as she is still enjoying her time off with Bear. She's loved their time together as she adjusted to being a mum and is still easing herself back into work.
"But she is looking forward to getting out there and starting recording. She still has ambitions as a singer and will be a working mum."
Mirror Online has contacted Cheryl's representatives for comment.
It also comes after Justin got fans excited earlier today when he announced he's releasing a new song on Thursday.
The merger along with strategic stake sale in tower business will allow Reliance Communications to pare about 60% of its total debt of about Rs45,000 crore. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Mumbai: The National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) has admitted Reliance Communications Ltd's (RCom) petition for its merger with telecom firm Aircel Ltd.
The court has also admitted RCom's petition for a 51% stake sale in its telecom tower arm to Canada-based Brookfield Infrastructure group. While the court will issue final orders on 13 September, in most cases admitting a petition is tantamount to approval said lawyers. RCom's stock jumped close to 16% after this news broke.
The merger along with strategic stake sale in tower business will allow the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani-led firm to pare about 60% of its total debt of about Rs45,000 crore. A spokesperson for RCom declined to comment as the matter is sub judice.
The firm needs to complete its merger and stake sale in tower business by December. Its creditors have allowed it a moratorium on debt servicing while it completes this restructuring. The merger has already been approved by Securities and Exchange Board of India, Competition Commission of India and the exchanges.
At 2:34pm on Monday, RCom shares were trading at Rs23.9, up 15.2%.
Reliance Group companies have sued HT Media Ltd, Mint's publisher, and nine others in the Bombay high court over a 2 October 2014 front-page story that they have disputed. HT Media is contesting the case.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The teen thug who killed a football player on New Year's Day 2017 has had their identity revealed after turning 18.
Mohammed Ibnomer could not be identified previously because of his age, but after turning 18 today he can now be named.
After suffering a deadly blow from Ibnomer, footballer Shaun Woodburn, died from massive head injuries, the Daily Record reports.
Ibnomer was training to be a boxer when his punch killed the dad-of-one.
The teen thug was due to go into the ring this month for his first amateur bout and was a member of Edinburgh's Meadowbank amateur boxing club, run by former Scottish champion Alex Arthur.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
A source said: “Mohammed, or Moses as he was known, knew how to throw a punch that would hurt his victim. His boxing training saw to that.
“This is a teenager that was part of a gang who cruised the streets of the capital causing mayhem wherever they went.
“Most boxers keep their punches for the ring but this thug took pride in his ability to fight.
“He would come in and train but a lot of the time he used to just f*** about with his mates.”
The source added: “There was a crowd of them always hanging around each other and they acted like gangsters when really they were just silly boys.”
(Image: UGC MSN)
Ibnomer was originally charged with murder. But the jury found him guilty of the lesser charge of culpable homicide.
He was sentenced to just four years behind bars and could be freed as early as next year.
A social media post shows the twisted mind set of the killer.
A photo of him lolling on a sofa has the caption: “To Young to Kill'.
(Image: David Johnstone Photography)
(Image: PA)
Today, Ibnomer is spending his 18th in the Young Offenders Institution at Polmont, near Falkirk.
His birthday falls the day after ex-junior footballer Shaun would have turned 32.
A police source said: “Ibnomer and his friends had been known to us for minor incidents in the past. He was a menace, a wide boy and a bully.
“He'd had some behaviour issues at school prior to killing Shaun Woodburn and had taken up boxing, presumably in an attempt to stem some of his aggression.”
Shaun was killed in the early hours of New Year's Day 2017 after he had been celebrating at Gladstones bar in Leith.
(Image: UGC MSN)
(Image: Edinburgh Evening News /SWNS.com)
Ibnomer and friend Mohammed Zakariyah were in a group who had been causing trouble across the city that night, attacking strangers at random during a two-hour rampage.
He admitted assaulting five other people, including one man who needed surgery for his injuries.
When the group arrived outside Gladstones, a brawl broke out and Ibnomer, who was 16 at the time, punched innocent bystander Shaun.
The soft sentence given to the killer sparked public outrage.
Shaun's family launched a petition, signed by more than 70,000 members of the public, urging the Crown Office to appeal against the sentence. Lord Advocate James Wolffe refused.
Media was previously prevented from naming Ibnomer because the law bans identification of under-18s in criminal cases.
Zakariyah, 19, was ordered to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work after pleading guilty to two assaults and a breach of the peace.
A file photo of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Reuters
Dwarka, Gujarat: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who arrived in Gujarat Saturday morning on a two-day visit, offered prayers at the famous Dwarkadhish temple in Dwarka.
After visiting the temple dedicated to Lord Krishna, the prime minister came out and waved at people waiting outside to greet him. He also shook hands with some of them.
Modi is on a two-day visit to poll-bound Gujarat. He will lay foundation stones and inaugurate a number of projects. He is also scheduled to visit his birthplace Vadnagar for the first time after becoming prime minister.
At Dwarka, Modi will lay the foundation stone for a four-lane cable stayed signature bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka to be built at a cost of Rs962.42 crore. Other projects for which foundation stones will be laid include the four-laning of 116.24 km of the Porbandar-Dwarka section of NH-51 and the four-laning of 93.56 km of the Gadu- Porbandar section of NH-51.
From Dwarka, Modi will go to Hirasar in Rajkot district where he will lay the foundation stone for a greenfield airport, 20 km from Rajkot city.
Last month, Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi had started his Gujarat political campaign by visiting Dwarkadhish temple. During his three-day campaign tour across Saurashtra region of the state, Gandhi had visited four other famous temples.
6 min read self-mastery
Make 2017 the Year Everything Changes
Make resolutions with a process to support their attainment and his time next year you'll be shocked by what you'll've achieved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO (KPLR) - Missouri's new governor and members of the St. Louis County NAACP met Tuesday to find common ground. It happened at the capitol where there is some controversy revolving around what happened to the president of the state NAACP Monday. The controversy involves a house bill that some believe would legalize discrimination and prevent victims from suing the person or business responsible.
Nimrod Chapel, Jr. is President of Missouri's NAACP. He said, “It was embarrassing it was humiliating to be prevented from talking when everybody else is allowed to.”
Chapel was referring to what he said happened Monday night in a committee hearing concerning House Bill 550. Chapel said the bill permits discrimination. He said just after he compared the proposed legislation to the discriminatory Jim Crow laws of last century his microphone was cut and he was asked to leave. Chapel added, “As president of the NAACP I take great umbrage I speak for tens of thousands of people”. He wants and apology and the state rep. From southwestern Missouri removed from his chairmanship.
The controversy did not stop the annual St. Louis County NAACP legislative day in which a choir from Normandy High School performed. Members said they are willing work with all lawmakers to improve the lives of African-Americans. John Gaskin is a member of the St. Louis County NAACP and a national board member. Gaskin said, “Civil rights is a bipartisan political agenda and we should work with people on both sides of the aisle now whether they're willing to work with us is another story.”
The governor said he too would like to come together to achieve similar goals. Governor Eric Greitens said, “We still have a common mission and that mission is simple, its jobs, its justice, its public safety, its education, this is a common mission that can bring us together.”
As for the controversy, the lawmaker who folks said cut the microphone told our partners at the St. Louis Post Dispatch that he will hold another hearing
WINONA – The Winona Police Department is cracking down on the illegal sale of alcohol and tobacco to underage customers.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of ITV's hit show Love Island are calling for one person to be removed from the villa - after old social media posts surfaced.
Ellie Jones is a recent edition to the show, having shocked fans when she came in and revealed she is Jack Fincham's ex.
The 22-year-old customer service and office administrator's Facebook page showed two shared posts seemingly adding her support for the violent criminal campaigner, who is currently behind bars for contempt of court.
The Mirror reports the first, dated May 23 2017, was Ellie adding three 'OK' emojis to a video post by a man who captioned it: "LONDON. I'm not a racist, but this guy speaks sense! he is branded a racist by many.. wether he is or isn't that's non of my business. I just know he speaks the truth."
(Image: Facebook)
The video was of Robinson - real name Stephen Yaxley-Lennon - speaking at an alt-right rally in London, in which he branded Islam an "infestation" and called for martial law to "destroy this enemy".
Ellie's second post was three clapping emojis on a video link of Robinson ranting at the camera, which had been captioned: "Tommy Robinson: 'Why do we let these terrorists back into our country?' (Strong language)."
(Image: Facebook)
After the two posts were screengrabbed and shared online, Love Island fans furiously demanded Ellie be kicked out of the villa.
"This Ellie ting (sp) is a Tommy Robinson supporter, Dani you better just finish the orange juice and glass her immediately," wrote one, referring to the heart-to-heart Ellie had with Dani Dyer on last night's show.
"ELLIE SUPPORTS TOMMY ROBINSON LOOOOOL F***ING HELL SHE JUST GETS WORSE," said another.
(Image: ITV)
A third tweeted: "Wish Ellie would have followed her mate Tommy Robinson to prison instead of Jack to Majorca."
Another quipped: "Can u imagine Danny Dyer finding out Ellie supports Tommy Robinson, he's flying straight to Mallorca and telling Dani to smack the b****."
And yet another said: "WAIT... does this mean jack treated ellie badly coz she likes the racist a**hole tommy robinson? If so then protect jack at all costs."
The Bay City Department of Public Safety is investigating the cause of a morning house fire.
On Dec. 7 at 6:52 a.m., the Bay City Department of Public Safety personnel were dispatched to 521 Cornell for a structure fire.
Eight on-duty firefighters and 19 public safety officers were first dispatched.
When responders arrived at about 6:56 a.m., they found large clouds of smoke and flames coming from the roof.
A wooden fence behind the house also caught fire.
Public Safety personnel went into the home until the fire grew unsafe. They left the house and continued trying to knock down the fire from outside.
Due to the wind conditions and the wooden fence on fire behind the home, the house at 517 Cornell also caught fire.
Firefighters quickly extinguished that fire with minor damage to the 517 Cornell home.
Safety personnel are still investigating the cause of the fire.
McLaren Bay Region EMS, Essexville Public Safety, and Bay Metro Bus assisted with the incident.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
New Delhi: Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia Deshmukh are one of the cutest celebrity couples and each time we see these two together, our heart melts! The couple is blessed with two adorable sons, Riaan and Rahyl.
Today on their 6th wedding anniversary, Genelia and Riteish took to Instagram to share romantic photographs and the captions will make you go 'Aww'.
Genelia wrote- "Sometimes just sometimes in our ordinary, mundane, boring lives GOD gives us a fairytale and that fairytale for me is our story.. Happy Anniversary to the man who still makes me fall in love with him everyday.. I Love You"
A post shared by Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) on Feb 2, 2018 at 6:54pm PST
On the other hand, Riteish captioned his special post for his wife as- "To my partner, my friend, my everything. Happy Anniversary Baiko. Life is good because you are in it."
The talented actor also wrote a line from the unforgettable '90s romantic track Tum Mile Dil Khile from the movie Criminal.
A post shared by Riteish Deshmukh (@riteishd) on Feb 2, 2018 at 8:11pm PST
The couple made their Bollywood debut together with Tujhe Meri Kasam and were rumoured to be dating since then. They got married on February 3, 2012, and share adorable photos on social media from time to time.
On the work front, Riteish will next be seen in Welcome to New York. The movie also stars Sonakshi Sinha, Karan Johar, Diljit Dosanjh, Lara Dutta and Boman Irani
U.S. Marines with the Provost Marshal's Office conduct oleoresin capsaicin (OC) training with members of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166553 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0078 Resolution: 5253x3502 Size: 7.8 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Sen. Klobuchar Wants The Latest Facebook Controversy Investigated
NOEL KING, HOST:
Facebook is in the middle of yet another controversy that centers on its role in the 2016 election. Over the weekend, news broke that a company linked to Steve Bannon worked with Facebook user data on behalf of the Trump campaign. This company called Cambridge Analytica is accused of deceptively gaining access to user profiles and then trying to use that information to sway their votes. Christopher Wylie is the data expert who oversaw the data harvesting program, and he spoke to Britain's Guardian newspaper.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
CHRISTOPHER WYLIE: We spent a million dollars harvesting tens of millions of Facebook profiles, and those profiles were used as the basis of the algorithms that became the foundation of Cambridge Analytica itself. The company itself was founded on using Facebook data.
KING: All right. This is a very complicated story. Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar is calling for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress. She wants him to explain how this was allowed to happen. Senator Klobuchar is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and she's with us now. Senator, thank you for coming in.
AMY KLOBUCHAR: Well, thank you very much, Noel.
KING: All right. Let's say Mark Zuckerberg does come in and he does testify in front of your committee. What do you hope to learn?
KLOBUCHAR: Well, we want to know how this happened. What's the extent of the damage? Reports from The New York Times - 50 million of these Facebook profiles were basically stolen, hijacked, including information of people's residence. And then how did it happen? Why did it happen? And how are they going to fix this?
KING: Do you think that there is a way to prevent this kind of misuse of social media data from happening in the future? I mean, we do live in very - it's a complicated story, we live in complicated times. How do we prevent this?
KLOBUCHAR: Well, first of all, these are brilliant companies with some of the most brilliant people in America working for them. And we're proud of these companies, but they clearly have taken the world as the Wild West, that they can do anything that they want. Well, guess what. They're media companies. They are making billions of dollars. The platform itself is worth somewhere around $500 billion. And the fact that they believe that there shouldn't be rules of the road - in this case, the Honest Ads Act that I've introduced with Senator McCain and Senator Warner where we're simply asking them to follow the rules that print, media and TV use for political ads. They won't do that. And it's no surprise that this might have happened because, as someone once said, they have built a product that doesn't have alarms, that doesn't have locks on the doors. And, big surprise, the burglars have gotten in.
So I think they could change their system so that you can better police so you don't have these bots running rampant, that you don't have fake news being posted all the time, so you don't have people that are trying to do wrong and make mischief have access to people's data. They signed a decree, a consent decree, Facebook did, in 2011 with the FTC. And now we're going to find out if there's meat on the bones because supposedly it's $40,000 per violation. So if done right, this could be billions of dollars of damages.
KING: All right. Let's talk about this particular case. Even if the worst of the allegations is true in the case of Cambridge Analytica - scraping people's data, using it without their knowledge - has any existing U.S. law been broken?
KLOBUCHAR: We don't know yet, and that's why we want to have them before us and before the committee. And Senator Kennedy, Republican from Louisiana, just on Thursday, he and I both publicly said at a hearing before we knew any of this that the CEOs of these social media companies had to come before us. They have not come before us. They've given it to their lobbyists and their lawyers. And we think that they need to take responsibility for what's going on. It is only by either an enforcement of that consent decree that I mentioned that the FTC came together with Facebook and agreed to in 2011 because of privacy violations or because Congress launches an investigation that we're really going to get to the bottom of what happened. They just can't say trust us anymore.
KING: Well, you're calling for Mark Zuckerberg to testify. What do you think the odds are that he will?
KLOBUCHAR: I don't know. I think the odds get greater when more of my colleagues join me. And, you know, Senator Kennedy, Republican of Louisiana, already did that. I think you're going to see a lot of people today and tomorrow agree. They're doing it in Great Britain. We have had CEOs of major companies - I remember Richard Anderson, who was the CEO of Delta Air Lines, the biggest airline in the world, he came before the Judiciary Committee. I can name you a number of major CEOs. So I don't know why this CEO, even though he's super famous and has made a lot of money, why he also doesn't have to come before the committee.
KING: Well, in order...
KLOBUCHAR: Senator Grassley can make him come before the committee.
KING: Let me jump in there. In order to access Facebook, users have to consent in pretty broad terms to put their personal information in Facebook's hands. And I wonder, if we continue to opt in - I certainly am on Facebook - is it really Congress' place to try and regulate this?
KLOBUCHAR: I don't think that anyone when they've gotten on Facebook thinks that this company is giving away their data to be used by basically, it appears, a political campaign, given to this Cambridge Analytica that was started by Steve Bannon. It is - you know, Facebook says, well, this isn't technically a breach. Well, yeah, if you break into my apartment, you can do it with a crowbar or you can do it because the manager gives you a key. The manager gave them a key.
KING: Senator Amy Klobuchar is a Democrat representing Minnesota. She joined us in studio. Thank you so much, Senator.
KLOBUCHAR: Thanks, Noel. It was great to be on.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
This College For Adult Learners Is A Refuge, Not Just A Career Boost
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
In the U.S., more than 4 out of 10 undergraduate college students are above the age of 25. When people talk about these adult students, you usually hear words like "job skills" and "quickest path to a degree."
But for more than four decades, a special program in Washington state has sought to offer much more than that.
It's called the Tacoma Program. Back in 1972, Maxine Mimms, a professor at Evergreen State College, created a new kind of college at her kitchen table, designed to serve students who are starting over in life, and to give them access to deep, transformational learning.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
When we drive up to the tiny, strip-mall campus in Tacoma's historically black Hilltop neighborhood, Mimms greets us wearing a headdress, a robe, a necklace, bracelets and rings crowded with gemstones.
She offers us coffee and takes a deep breath, then launches into her story.
Mimms started this college by teaching students in her home from 5 a.m. to 8 a.m., before driving to her job at Evergreen State's main campus in Olympia.
toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
"I knew it in my heart," she says, "knew it in my spirit that it would work, that it would be successful, because I didn't start with brick and mortar. I didn't care about the building."
Eventually, the Tacoma Program became an official campus of Evergreen State.
Mimms is retired now. When she turned 90 this spring, hundreds came to the celebration. Oprah sent her flowers.
This year, the program has more than 130 students. They come for about two years, during the day or at night, to finish up a bachelor's degree they started someplace else. There's also a master's program in teaching.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
The average age for undergrads is 38. Most are women and people of color. About 15 percent have been involved with the criminal justice system. There's a special program about to launch for Native students.
"This campus is about access. Access for the black and brown student to get a college degree," says Mimms. "I don't believe in any negatives. I believe that every black person born in America is a genius and brilliant."
toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
Evergreen State is known for progressive, independent learning. Students in the Tacoma Program design their own courses of study to address problems in society, like homelessness or mass incarceration. It's both supportive and challenging.
And the model is working. A 2014 study showed that, for returning students nationwide, just 1 in 3 earned a degree after several years.
Evergreen Tacoma students do much, much better. Over the last decade, 4 out of 5 have eventually gotten their diplomas — two-thirds within the first two years. Out of the Class of 2017, 91 percent are either employed or in graduate school. And 18 percent are both employed and in graduate school.
Like Anthony Norman, 44, who owns a construction business. He just graduated and hopes to earn his Ph.D. in public policy and development starting in the fall at Tuskegee University in Alabama, a historically black university that has forged a relationship with Tacoma.
"The subject matter here — it put me on a path so that I could observe that the things that happened in my life, to myself, to my family, were more than just a series of unfortunate circumstances," Norman says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
For example, he mentions that he, his father and his brother have all been shot. His studies made him more aware of structural patterns of inequity. "When you can look at the intricacies of things, you can try and see closer to the root of the problem. Rather than just cutting down a blackberry bush that keeps growing, you can actually dig down there and get the root out."
"Here, we think of teaching and learning as helping to facilitate students' sense of self," says Gilda Sheppard, the director of faculty and a sociologist and filmmaker.
Almost everyone fits in the auditorium, which is set up like a high school science fair today with folded cardboard displays. This is the spring fair, where students present capstone projects that are meant to benefit the community. A sign reads, "ALUMNI PANEL; ART THERAPY; HUG AND MORE." Children ride on shoulders; aunties and grandmas dance the "Electric Slide." The city's mayor, Victoria Woodards, stops by to congratulate the graduates. Norman, who gained video skills in Sheppard's class, is filming.
Precious Yarborough is a 28-year-old doula, lactation educator and mother of five. Her graduating project is the Puget Sound Birth Professionals of Color, a group she founded to connect people in this area with support for healthy births.
Yarborough often brought her youngest son to class. "All the students have held my baby at least a couple of times," she says. She, like others, tell us what really stands out here is the mutual support. "The students around you are more like teammates than classmates," she says. If you miss class, you'll likely get a few text messages checking in. The bonds are reinforced with lots of group projects.
The professors team up too. The classes all combine different topics, like photography and geometry. Students often journal and talk about their lives.
A strong learning community, service learning, independent research projects: these are what researcher George Kuh, founder of the National Survey of Student Engagement, calls "high-impact practices." His and others' research shows they make for more engagement and more persistence in college. This is especially crucial for adult students who, by definition, haven't been successful on a traditional educational path.
Evergreen's Tacoma Program is what researcher and former college dean David Scobey calls a "Great College for the New Majority" because it graduates adults at very high rates — with a culture of strong support.
Mingxia Li has an M.D. from her native China and a Ph.D. in molecular pharmacology from Cornell. She's also a poet. This spring, she co-taught a class with Anthony Zaragoza on 21st-century diseases. It explored how our evolutionary past contributes to public health problems like diabetes, heart disease and even homelessness and gun violence.
"I learned very quickly once I came here that the students here are quite different. They have life experience, work experience, and social experience that I don't know." Students love dissecting animals in her class, and she dreams that one day, one of them will decide to go to medical school.
But this kind of deep learning goes against what's trendy for nontraditional students. Colleges that advertise to adult learners — say, on the bus — promise to put you into the latest, hottest technical jobs, quickly.
When NPR published a story recently extolling the virtues of trade school (also in Washington State, as it turns out) it went viral.
And the truth is, enrollment has been down here lately. The faculty has been cut from seven, to six, to just five members next year.
"The bean counters don't understand what it is we do here," says Peter Bacho, who has taught many subjects including law and literature.
Evergreen President George Bridges says that's not true. They are launching a rebranding campaign to try to attract more students. But, there are headwinds. Employment is up, so fewer people nationwide are heading back to school. The University of Washington is expanding enrollment in Tacoma, offering another four-year option with greater name recognition. And, working-class residents are being pushed out of this gentrifying neighborhood as prices rise in nearby Seattle.
But for now, this place remains a refuge for the students who do find their way here. Like Kirby Christopher, who turned 60 the day after graduation. He originally dropped out of school in the seventh grade and spent years in and out of jails and prisons. Only one of his six siblings graduated from high school.
"Since I came here to Evergreen, Tacoma campus, my heart has got bigger," he says. Christopher says that coming here, meeting Tacoma students and professors, and reading authors like bell hooks has changed his life. He wants to serve his community as a caseworker for those with mental health issues. It's the kind of work the campus encourages in its motto: Enter to learn, depart to serve.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United and Morecambe couldn't find a way past each other in a bruising encounter in Sky Bet League Two.
Interim head coach Joe Dunne called the match a war of attrition and it was a perfect summation of events in Lancashire.
There was plenty of endeavours from the two teams but, ultimately, they cancelled each other out and only carved out a handful of opportunities each.
Indeed, with an hour gone, the same number of shots had left the stadium as had been on target.
But after a emotionally draining game on the weekend against Exeter, and a long journey north, the U's managed to keep another clean sheet and, crucially, didn't succumb to the pressure they were inevitably put under.
And even with his limited options on the bench, Dunne did manage to find a way to influence the game late on, bringing on Billy Waters for David Amoo and changing from a 4-2-3-1 to a 4-4-2 and, for the last few minutes of the games, the U's did create one of two problems for the hosts, particularly on the counter.
A positive start from the home side saw Callum Lang have a few chances in the first 10 minutes, with Dimitar Mitov – making his Football League debut – having to be on hand with a wonderful save to deny him.
The striker then managed to squeeze behind the defence again but, under the watchful eye of George Taft, was forced into a rushed shot, and smacked it over the bar.
It took until nearly the half hour mark for the U's to register a shot on target, with George Maris having an effort from outside the area after an Uche Ikpeazu knock-down, but it was straight at Barry Roche.
The next chance came on 38 minutes when, from an Adam Campbell free kick, Steve Old managed to steer the ball wide to leave it goalless at half time.
The second half followed a similar pattern but the U's had the chance to take the lead through Ikpeazu - making his first start after his move to Hearts was announced - after 60 minutes. The moment came after Jevani Brown's effort deflected narrowly wide for a corner and, after a few more corners, the ball squirmed through to the big man at the back post who, on the turn, smacked it wide.
A massive chance then followed from the Shrimps when a defensive mishap allowed Lang to spray the ball out to Campbell who put in a pin-point cross from Ellison, who got his angles all wrong and put it well wide.
A real moment of quality then followed from Maris who, with little else on, tried his luck from distance, with the ball just sailing wide.
The game really opened up towards the end as the hosts threw at the U's to try and secure their league status, while getting caught on the counter several times, with Waters firing over after Jake Carroll played him through.
The game closed with another chance for the impressive Lang, who misjudged Rose's delivery and knocked it out of play with his hip.
Morecambe: Roche, McGowan, Kenyon, Old, Campbel (Wylde, 75 mins)l, Ellison, Conlan, Lavelle, Rose, McGurk, Lang
Cambridge United: Mitov, Halliday, Taft, Taylor, Carroll, Maris, Deegan, Amoo (Waters, 75 mins), Brown, Dunk, Ikpeazu
Attendance: 992 (61 away)
BALTIMORE — Drew Urquhart scored 18 points, Payton Henson and Trae Bell-Haynes added 16 each as hot-shooting Vermont beat UMBC 81-53 in the debut of the Retrievers' new Event Center on Saturday.
The game matched the America East's top two teams but the Catamounts (19-5, 9-0) outscored the Retrievers by 21 points in the second half to win their 12th straight game and 30th consecutive regular-season conference matchup, the longest active such streak in the nation. They also defeated UMBC for the 23rd time in a row.
The Catamounts, who led by seven at halftime, outscored the Retrievers 24-5 over a nearly nine-minute stretch of the second half, including a 14-0 run to lead by 25 with 4:55 to go. Henson scored 14 points in the second half. Vermont finished at 66 per cent shooting.
Jairus Lyles scored 27 points and K.J. Maura 13 for UMBC (16-9, 7-3), which had a sellout crowd of 4,753 — the largest in program history — for its debut in the new $85 million facility. UMBC was 11-0 this season in its former home, the RAC Arena.
SIMCOE -
A suspected prowler was reported in downtown Simcoe this week.
A householder on Union Street noticed a light shining into the home around 3 a.m. Thursday. They looked outside and saw a man standing there with a light mounted on his head.
The man was wearing a light-coloured jacket and was carrying a backpack. He was last seen heading south on Talbot Street North.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A look-a-like mum and daughter have graduated from the same university on the same day - but it's almost impossible to tell there's an age gap between them.
Suzanne Isaac, 57, donned her cap and gown to graduate from the same university as her daughter Melissa, 22.
And the duo look so alike that people mistake them for sisters - despite the 35-year age gap .
Suzanne said: "We have people thinking that we are sisters - very flattering for me but I'm not sure what Melissa thinks of it.
"As she has grown up she is getting more like me."
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
The glam mum-of-two began her part-time degree course when Melissa was 16 - and was delighted to get a first in psychology and sociology at Swansea University .
Her daughter, who graduated with a 2.1 in English Language, took a year out after school to go travelling before starting her studies.
But the pair, of Sketty, Swansea, had no idea they would end up graduating on the same day.
Suzanne's mum Joyce Hughes, 91, was there to see the celebrations - and also shares the youthful genes.
Suzanne, who is a children's orthopaedic physiotherapy assistant, said: "It must be good genes.
"We haven't had any work done either so I can brag about that.
"I wasn't even sure I wanted to go to the ceremony but as soon as I found out it was the same day as Melissa then I had to go.
"We had no idea whatsoever that we would end up graduating on the same day."
Melissa's brother Liam, 29, and dad Carl, 53, a mechanical engineer, were also there to celebrate the graduation day.
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
Dad tries to get his six-week-old baby son to 'coo' - with hilarious (and very messy) consequences
Melissa said: "It was a bit weird graduating with Mum. It was fabulous and we both thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it.
"She has been a total inspiration. We often get told we're alike, our mannerisms are very similar.
"She's amazing for her age, no one ever believes she's quite as old as she is so - and yes we do get told we look like sisters."
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
BOOMERS coach Andrej Lemanis fears the ugly scenes in the Philippines will make it harder to call on Australian NBA stars for international duty.
Aside from the physical and emotional toll on players and the damage to the sport's reputation, Monday night's all-in brawl could have further consequences for the Boomers.
NBA teams are already reluctant to release players as it does for the two FIBA windows that fall in the league's off-season.
But the ugly events in Bulacan could provide them with another excuse to withhold top-line stars such as Ben Simmons from joining the Boomers for anything short of World Cups or the Olympics.
Alternatively, players themselves might not want to risk their own safety for qualifiers in countries such as the Philippines, where security measures were clearly not up to scratch.
Two NBA players, Milwaukee Bucks pair Thon Maker and Matthew Dellavedova, were on Australia's roster for the match.
Maker is facing a possible FIBA suspension after attempting numerous fly-kicks on Philippine opponents during the brawl.
"Obviously that's one of the concerns ... what it means generally in terms of players' willingness to participate and put their hand up," Lemanis told reporters on Wednesday.
The ugly fracas looks set to end in serious penalties.
Daniel Kickert admitted he "overstepped" the mark in elbowing Philippine guard Roger Pogoy in the face.
Kickert is likely to receive a long suspension from the global governing body for his hit on Pogoy, which sparked the ugly third-quarter brawl.
"I was put in a position where I obviously made an action which was regrettable and unfortunate," Kickert told reporters in Brisbane on Wednesday.
"I think I've overstepped a little bit with my response to the escalation in the game, I regret those things."
Boomers assistant coach Luc Longley alleged Philippines coach Chot Reyes incited his players to act violently, blaming him for the ugly brawl that marred the game.
The Australian described the all-in fight as the worst thing he'd ever seen on a basketball court.
Longley rushed to the aid of Chris Goulding as he was set upon by a dozen Philippine players and officials.
"It was horrifying ... really disturbing," Longley said.
Guard Goulding escaped serious injury despite also having a chair thrown at him by one of the Philippine coaches.
Goulding touched down at Melbourne Airport early on Wednesday morning but declined to address the incident.
"I'll speak to everyone at a more appropriate time," he said.
Lemanis said Goulding and Nathan Sobey, who was punched by an official and also hit by a chair, had only a few "bumps and bruises" to show for the fracas.
"The emotional scars, we'll see over time. That's hard to tell," he said
You can't go anywhere in the Chicago area without seeing the festive holiday lights. From homes to landmarks there are plenty of options for you to see the colorful creations all while letting someone else do the driving! The Chicago Trolley & Double Decker Company offers a nightly tour covering Michigan Avenue and more."Passenger love it, they love letting someone else do the driving and not having to worry about dealing with the traffic that's our job you just sit back enjoy the lights and ambiance and Christmas spirit," said driver Tommy Taylor.After a quick stop for a free cupcake from Sprinkles, the tour moves on to Daley Plaza. Riders enjoy a half-hour stop here for a little shopping at Christkindlemarket and then it's on to see Chicagoland's longest running lights festival: Zoo Lights at the Lincoln Park Zoo. The Chicago Architecture Foundation combines the city's rich history with a light tour. See how Chicago is lit up for the holiday season from a heated big tour bus while hearing stories of great Chicago architects.These special tours continue every weekend until Christmas.But if it's a wow you're looking for head to Naperville for the annual Holiday Lights Trolley Tour.Annette Wehrli, the owner of Naperville Trolley explained, "This has become a huge tradition for many. We have many groups that take the tour every year they alternate southern and northern tours.""It's really gorgeous, it really brings the holiday spirit out when you're in with a group and you're seeing the efforts that people put in to making this whole season enjoyable," said Jack Tenison who joined on a recent ride.Tickets sell fast for all three of the tours, which last at least an hour each.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fugitive hid in a tiny air conditioning vent to escape police then begged to be freed because he was freezing.
Police in Tampa issued two warrants to arrest Larry Puleo, 47, for violating his probation on charges related to heroin possession and introduction of drugs into a prison.
Officers searched a home where they heard "someone scurries around" in the attic but were unable to find the suspect after looking for an hour and repeated requests for Puleo to surrender.
After checking all possible escape routes, the only possible way was found to be through an air conditioning duct in a bedroom closet which led to the attic.
(Photo: Hillsborough County sheriff)
Officers cut a hole in the vent and discovered Puleo hiding inside.
The wanted man was trapped and pleaded with police to be released because he was freezing.
(Photo: Hillsborough County sheriff)
A gap large enough for Puleo to physically remove himself was created.
He was taken by firefighters to hospital where he was treated for hypothermia before being released.
He was then booked into custody where he is now being held.
A major renewable energy plant and water filtration system set to dramatically improve power and water supplies at the Pilbara's Mingullatharndo Aboriginal community have been opened.
The community's advanced new facilities — a membrane technology water treatment plant and solar diesel hybrid power system with battery storage — were opened by Federal Member for Durack Melissa Price at a commissioning event at Mingullatharndo yesterday morning,
In what could be a pilot project for other Aboriginal communities in WA, the new systems will provide the entirety of Mingullatharndo's potable water supply and 80 per cent of its power, stopping residents from having to go out of their way to avoid contaminated water and deal with unreliable and expensive electricity.
For more information, pick up next week's copy of The Pilbara News.
The Weinstein Co. Files For Bankruptcy, Cancels Non-Disclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Shotwell/AP Richard Shotwell/AP
The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC announced that it has filed for voluntary bankruptcy and entered into an agreement to sell its assets to a Dallas-based equity firm.
It also announced that it is ending all nondisclosure agreements that prevented victims of alleged sexual misconduct at the hands of disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein from talking about their experiences.
The Weinstein Co. will enter into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Lantern Capital Partners in conjunction with entering into bankruptcy proceedings.
"Under the agreement, Lantern will purchase substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to certain conditions including approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Board selected Lantern in part due to Lantern's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern," said the company in a statement released late Monday.
But it was the second and third paragraphs of the statement that are likely to draw even greater attention in light of the many women who have come forward to accuse Weinstein of sexually harassment and abuse.
"Today, the Company also takes an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein. Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence his accusers. Effective immediately, those "agreements" end. The Company expressly releases any confidentiality provision to the extent it has prevented individuals who suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories. No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world."
The announcement comes after a group of investors, led by former Obama administration official, Maria Contreras-Sweet, tried and failed to purchase the assets of The Weinstein Co. earlier this month. That deal, which would have re-invented the firm as a female-run company, collapsed upon the discovery of debt previously unknown by the investors.
Weinstein has been accused of raping or sexually assaulting many women over decades.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who has brought suit against The Weinstein Co., Harvey Weinstein and his brother, Bob Weinstein, issued a statement praising the announcement.
NASHVILLE — Kevin Fiala scored twice and Pekka Rinne stopped 20 shots to lead the Nashville Predators to a 5-2 win over the struggling New York Rangers on Saturday night.
P.K. Subban, Colton Sissons and Viktor Arvidsson also scored to help Nashville improve to 8-1-1 in its last 10 games.
Rinne has allowed only two goals in his last three games, including shutouts in his previous two outings. He had the Predators' second-longest shutout streak in franchise history at 171:47 before finally allowing a goal early in the third period.
J.T. Miller and Mika Zibanjejad scored for New York, which had just eight shots on goal through two periods, and Henrik Lubqvist finished with 22 saves. The Rangers lost for the fifth time in six games.
Nashville struck first when Subban fired a one-timer from the far side of the right faceoff circle past Lundqvist 19 seconds into the second period. The All-Star defenceman has 11 points in the last 10 games.
New York's Peter Holland scored on a backhander that would have tied it at 10:14 of the second, but it was waved off when a replay showed Michael Grabner's right skate was offside on the rush into Nashville's zone.
Fiala's 14th goal of the season, a wrist shot from the low slot that beat Lundqvist low to the glove side, increased the Predators' lead to 2-0 with 2 1/2 mimnutes left in the middle period.
New York cut Nashville's lead in half on Miller's power-play goal 21 seconds into the third when his redirected shot got past Rinne.
Nashville went up 3-1 at 2:36 when Sissons tipped in a shot from in front of the crease.
New York pulled wihin one again on Zibanejad's goal with 5:25 left in the third, but Arvidsson restored the Predators' two-goal lead just 16 seconds later with his 17th.
It might not be the incredible £64million jackpot on offer in Friday's Euromillions, but £1.8million for a Wednesday in the UK is not to be sniffed at.
It's still a life-changing sum of money, one which could change your life and that of everyone you know and love, too.
Stick with us tonight as we bring you the results from all the draws, including the Lotto main draw, the Thunderball draw - which gives you the chance to win £500,000 - and the Millionaire Maker raffle.
We'll be bringing you all the results from all the draws live and in real time.
The Thunderball draw gives players the chance to win £500,000 three times a week and that is usually around 8pm.
While the Millionaire Raffle is included with every Lotto ticket you buy. It has two prize tiers in every draw and there's a guaranteed £1million prize and 20 guaranteed prizes of £20,000.
Follow our LIVE blog below to get the results from the draws, as well as lots of interesting information and videos.
And good luck!
Spanish church leaders have advised the government not to carry out plans to exhume General Francisco Franco's remains, without obtaining agreement from interested parties.
“We want a solution which helps build a peaceful country,” said Rodrigo Pinedo Texidor, archdiocesan communications director. Read more
News category: News Shorts, World.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal believe they would have the edge over Chelsea if they become involved in a tug-of-war for Luis Enrique.
Enrique is on Chelsea's shortlist while the former Barcelona boss is also on Arsenal's radar as they look to succeed Arsene Wenger this summer.
But, crucially, Arsenal's head of football relations Raul Sanllehi has a link with Enrique from their days working together at the Nou Camp. Sanllehi joined Arsenal in February having been director of football at Barcelona.
Enrique, 47, is the most likely option for Arsenal, especially if they decide to go for a big name appointment with Monaco's Leonardo Jardim, Celtic's Brendan Rodgers and Germany coach Joachim Loew the other alternatives.
Enrique's wage demands are likely to be a sticking point as he would want around £15m-a-year which would be new territory for Arsenal but Sanllehi clearly believes it is a hurdle they can overcome.
(Image: AFP)
Arsenal may be tempted to go for a younger appointment with a head coach role to fit into the club's new structure including Sanllehi and head of recruitment Sven Mislintat.
That would suit former Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta - now on Pep Guardiola's coaching staff at Manchester City - while Hoffenheim boss Julian Nagelsmann is another name they are likely to want to speak to over the next few weeks.
Luis Enrique's history Played 558 games and scored 144 goals in a 15-year playing career at Sporting Gijon, Real Madrid and Barcelona. He won three Spanish league titles, three Spanish Cups and the European Cup winners Cup. He also played 62 times over 11 years for Spain, scoring 12 goals. Since turning to coaching 10 years ago, he has been in charge of Barcelona B, Roma and Celta Vigo before returning to the Nou Camp to take over the first XI four years ago. At Barça, he added two Spanish titles, three cups and the Champions League to his medal collection.
But it is still more likely that Arsenal will go for the bigger name option because it would be a huge gamble to move for the likes of Arteta.
Former Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has not yet been discussed as a possible option.
Mirror Sport understands that Atletico Madrid Diego Simeone is not interested in either Arsenal or Chelsea and will stay in Spain for at least another year.
(Image: LightRocket)
(Image: AFP)
Arsenal hope to have a new manager in place by the end of May but it is not anticipated to be a quick move.
Another big name on the move is Carlo Ancelotti.
The ex-Chelsea boss has been offered the job as Italy's national manager and although he has yet to agree terms but is likely to take the role.
(Image: Bongarts)
That will have a knock-on effect for Chelsea who had anticipated boss Antonio Conte would be wanted by Italy and Paris St Germain.
Conte is also set to miss out on Paris Saint Germain with former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel set to get the job on a two year contract.
Conte is still expected to leave his £9million a year post at Stamford Bridge this summer after a disappointing season and a three-man shortlist to replace him has Enrique alongside Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri and Juventus boss Max Allegri.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather, the greatest boxer of his generation, will take on UFC champion Conor McGregor on August 26 in Las Vegas.
The mega-fight, which will be contested over 12 rounds and which could generate upwards of £500million, was finally confirmed on Wednesday night following weeks of negotiations and months of speculation.
Mayweather will fight for the first time in two years at the T-Mobile Arena while McGregor will box professionally for the first time ever.
UFC president Dana White has claimed McGregor will earn $100m (£78.5m) from the fight while Mayweather is likely to pocket significantly more.
(Photo: @Realdevinhaney/Twitter)
The Irishman currently holds the UFC's lightweight title which he won by stopping Eddie Alvarez in the second round last November.
He is also a former featherweight champion with the organisation and will face Mayweather at the light-middleweight limit of 154lb.
Mayweather won all 49 of his professional boxing fights, bowing out with a lop-sided points win over Andre Berto in September 2015.
Now 40, the Sin City resident announced he was coming out of retirement earlier this year in order to face McGregor who is 12 years his junior.
The Dubliner agreed to a deal with UFC president Dana White last month to allow him to fight Mayweather in a boxing match.
And through his promotions company, Mayweather reserved the summer date with the Nevada Commission this week.
The fight had been pencilled in for September 16 but Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez stole a march by booking the same venue for that date.
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter)
While Showtime will broadcast the fight live on pay-per-view in the United States, there is likely to be a bidding war between Sky Sports and BT Sport in the UK.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The former won the right to show Mayweather's long-awaited clash with Manny Pacquiao two years ago but BT have recently entered the boxing market alongside promoter Frank Warren and his BoxNation company.
Mayweather will earn at least $100m (£78.5m) from the fight, while McGregor is likely to have agreed a smaller share of the purse.
THE Great Barrier Reef could be hit with catastrophic bleaching every two years unless more is done to limit climate change.
A new report from the Climate Council reveals coral bleaching is now happening on average every six years, compared to once every 27 years back in the 1980s.
Based on current rising greenhouse gas levels, bleaching will happen every two years by 2034.
In the report released today Lethal Consequences: Climate Change Impacts on the Great Barrier Reef, the Climate Council says the current rate of bleaching is not sustainable because it will continuously set back recovery of the reef.
At the same time, the reef will also need to deal with other threats caused by climate change - such as ocean acidification and tropical cyclones.
The report found average coral cover in the northern section of the reef is at its lowest point on record, and coral cover in the central section of the reef declined from 22 per cent in
2016 to 14 per cent in 2018, largely due to the 2017 bleaching event.
It said the damage to the reef may be irreversible and it has already resulted in a drop in the diversity of fish species and in the number of juvenile fish settling on the reef.
Underwater vision of bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef, off Port Douglas taken on June 28, 2018. Source: Climate Council.
The damage could be irreversible. Source: Climate Council.
"Intensifying marine heatwaves around the world are now occurring more often, lasting longer and are more intense than ever before," Climate Councillor and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes said.
Professor Hughes said the bleaching events in 2016 and 2017 resulted in mass coral mortality, with the 2016 bleaching event at least 175 times more likely to occur due to intensifying climate change.
"Unless drastic action is taken, extreme coral bleaching will be the new normal by the 2030s. We will see extreme ocean temperatures, similar to those that led to these bleaching events possibly occurring every two years, which will effectively sign the death certificate for the world's largest natural living wonder that is the Great Barrier Reef," she said.
The report makes clear that doing things like improving water quality are not the solution.
It says that unless "deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions are made as a matter of urgency - the reef stands little chance no matter what measures are taken to enhance its resilience".
In particular, global warming must be limited to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels.
"A 2C rise in average global temperature will almost certainly mean the collapse of warm water tropical reefs around the world," the report states.
"The decisions and actions that we take today to reduce greenhouse pollution will have a critical effect on the long-term survival of the iconic Great Barrier Reef."
Climate Council acting chief executive officer Dr Martin Rice said the future of coral reefs around the world depended on nations including Australia doing their part to tackle climate change.
"This report shows that the Great Barrier Reef may never fully recover or return to its pre-bleaching state, which should serve as a serious warning signal for governments around the world to act now," he said.
"We all have a part to play in cutting greenhouse gas pollution levels in order to protect these natural wonders. The only thing standing in the way is political will."
The report comes as former prime minister Tony Abbott calls for Australia to back away from its internationally binding climate targets.
In a speech to the Australian Environment Foundation on Tuesday night, Mr Abbott said he would never have signed on to the Paris Agreement in 2015 if the United States did not also agree - the country has now walked away from the agreement under the new leadership of President Donald Trump.
But Mr Abbott has found little support for pulling out of the agreement.
Minister for Energy and the Environment Josh Frydenberg and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull have been trying to gain support for the government's National Energy Guarantee. Picture: Mick Tsikas/AAP
Deputy leader Julie Bishop batted down Mr Abbott's suggestion Australia was never meant to be bound by the target to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 per cent reduction on 2005 levels.
Ms Bishop, who was also Mr Abbott's deputy, said Australia intended to be accountable for the targets, which were a commitment and not an aspiration.
"Australia plays by the rules - if we sign an agreement we stick to the agreement," she said.
She said the targets were agreed by the prime minister, the cabinet and the party room.
But the Turnbull Government is still divided on its National Energy Guarantee (NEG) proposal, which would legislate the commitment and help Australia achieve its targets.
Mr Abbott's comments have been stirring discontent about the guarantee and he claims there's "no plausible evidence" the government's energy policy can address reliability, price and emissions reductions altogether.
However, Mr Turnbull said there was "almost universal support across the country" for the plan, including from the minerals industry, manufacturers and unions.
"Our policies are working and the NEG is a very big part of it - it will ensure Australians have reliable and more affordable power," he told reporters.
Mr Abbott is one of a handful of coalition MPs pushing for new coal-fired power plants.
Opposition to the NGE exists not just in the Liberals but also within the Nationals.
Some minor-party MPs are reportedly passing around a list of demands for changes to the guarantee, including a $5 billion fund to support assistance for coal, gas or traditional hydro projects that could deliver electricity around the clock, regardless of the weather.
The Australian, which obtained a copy of the document, says it's being promoted as a "genuine and serious policy position".
Backbencher Michelle Landry says more negotiation is needed and coal must be a part of the guarantee but Nationals minister David Littleproud told ABC he was comfortable with the NEG.
REEF REPORT KEY FINDINGS
• About 30 per cent of corals on the Great Barrier Reef died as a result of the 2016 event.
• 75 per cent of coral mortality occurred in the northern section of the Great Barrier Reef, where 93 per cent of individual reefs between Port Douglas and the Torres Strait were affected.
• Fast-growing corals such as staghorns and tabular species have suffered a "catastrophic die-off".
• Coral mortality has reduced the availability of habitat for fish, leading to a decline in reef fish diversity. Juvenile fish at Lizard Island, for example, have suffered a 40 per cent decrease in settlement.
• Global sea surface temperatures have increased by over 0.2C from 1992 to 2010, increasing the odds of more frequent and prolonged marine heatwaves.
• The return period for global bleaching events has decreased from 27 years in the 1980s to only 5.9 years now.
• The likelihood that the Great Barrier Reef will ever fully recover or return to their pre-bleaching state is low.
• There is little evidence that improving water quality can sufficiently reduce susceptibility of corals to bleaching from marine heatwaves.
Delhi: Addressing the nation on the eve of Independence Day President Ram Nath Kovind said that people of India were indebted to those who laid down there lives for the sake of a free nation.
Here are the live updates:
- I congratulate the nation on the eve of Independence Day.
- It is time that we must take inspiration from those who gave their lives for the nation and move forward.
It looks like you won't have to sneak your way into the royal wedding after all—Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's nuptials will be televised, a spokesperson for the pair confirmed.
The couple wants "the day to be shaped so as to allow members of the public to feel part of the celebrations too," according to the rep. Broadcasting the highly-anticipated event for royal fans across the pond should do the trick.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The ceremony, set at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle, begins at 12 noon local time, which means it'll start 7 a.m. ET/4 a.m. PT. But, as with all newsy events, there'll be coverage of preparations and guests arriving hours before the service begins.
Here's where you can tune in:
CBS will start live coverage at 4 a.m. ET, hosted by Gayle King and Kevin Frazier. The network's correspondent Tina Brown will also join in for commentary. Later that day, CBS will also air a two-hour special, Royal Romance: The Marriage of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
CBSN, CBS's livestreaming site, will broadcast the network's live coverage online starting at 4 a.m. ET. WATCH HERE
The Today Show (NBC) will also start early—their live coverage begins at 4:30 a.m. ET, with Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb hosting “from a special vantage point” overseeing Windsor Castle. The pair will also anchor a live show the day prior (Friday, May 18) from a location overlooking the castle, followed by Al Roker and Sheinelle Jones anchoring at their respective hours.
PBS will have live coverage of the ceremony on May 19, but timing has not been announced yet. The network will also air a special nightly series, Royal Wedding Watch, from May 14-18, leading up to the big day.
BBC America will also offer live coverage and commentary during the event. You can watch the livestream online by signing in with your subscription to a cable or satellite provider. WATCH HERE
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The viewer count for Harry and Meghan's nuptials will likely be insanely high, if it's anything like previous royal weddings. Prince William and Kate Middleton garnered almost 23 million viewers in the U.S. alone when they wed in 2011, and Princess Diana and Prince Charles had 17 million viewers when they tied the knot in 1981. Will the May 19 ceremony be the most-watched royal wedding yet?
"This wedding, like all weddings, will be a moment of fun and joy that will reflect the characters of the bride and groom," Harry and Meghan's spokesperson added. We can't wait to watch (and cry) along.
Watch this space for more updates on networks and livestreams broadcasting the royal wedding.
NEW YORK — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Rovers skipper Mulgrew was on target. Source: PA Wire/PA Images
BLACKBURN ROVERS are returning to the second tier of English football on the first attempt after securing promotion to the Championship tonight.
With Paul Cook's League One leaders Wigan Athletic already guaranteed to go up, the Lancashire club ensured they will be joining the Latics thanks to a 1-0 win over Doncaster Rovers at Keepmoat Stadium.
Veteran captain Charlie Mulgrew headed in the only goal of the game from Bradley Dack's corner in the 80th minute, while Irish pair Darragh Lenihan and Derrick Williams both played the full game.
Manager Tony Mowbray and his players celebrate. Source: PA Wire/PA Images
Tony Mowbray took over at Rovers in February 2017, but couldn't prevent them dropping down to League One last season. However, they have bounced straight back up under the former Celtic and West Brom boss.
Blackburn can still win the title as they trail Wigan by a point heading into the last two rounds of fixtures.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Davis today claimed he was 'misquoted' in reports that he had suggested Theresa May's Brexit deal on the Irish border was not 'legally enforceable', which he was not.
Under the terms of the deal, Britain's economy will remain in 'regulatory alignment' with Brussels, in order to prevent a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
The Brexit Secretary yesterday told the BBC the agreement was "a statement of intent more than anything else. Much more a statement of intent than it was a legally enforceable thing."
His words sparked fury in Ireland, with political figures branding the statement "bizarre."
Irish Deputy Prime Minister Simon Coveney, took to Twitter to stress the deal was "a clear and positive commitment."
(Image: PA)
Today Davis furiously backtracked on his statement - claiming he had been misquoted in media coverage of his comments and insisting he meant that a "statement of intent" was more binding than a mere legal requirement.
He told LBC Radio's Nick Ferrari: "I said ‘much more than legally enforceable'. That sounds like a slight misquote.
"It's very plain. It's more than legally enforceable. In the event that the withdrawal agreement doesn't happen, we would still be seeking to maintain an invisible border within Northern Ireland and Ireland.
"That is the point - I was making the point that it was much more than what was in the treaty, it's what we want to do anyway."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Davis also said Chancellor Philip Hammond had "slightly misspoken" when he said Britain would pay the £39 billion divorce fee even if Britain left the EU without a deal.
He said: "You'll have to ask him. I don't know what the context of the question was. The straightforward fact is that this whole payment is contingent on a deal being agreed.
And he revealed in the interview that orange juice is his "Kryptonite".
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Asked if he had allowed himself a glass of champagne when the deal had been agreed on Friday morning, he said: "I didn't. I'm told there was champagne at the breakfast, I didn't see it.
"And you probably don't know, I can't drink orange juice, it's poison to me. It's like my Kryptonite. I sat there with this glass of orange juice in front of me and nothing to drink except these incredibly strong coffees they serve."
Finally he admitted he doesn't "need to be very clever" to do his job.
He told Ferrari: "What are the requirements of my job? I don't need to be very clever. I don't have to know that much, I just have to be calm."
Photo: K24 Tv Digital
ODM nominations in Nakuru, Kajiado and Taita Taveta counties kicked-off amid claims of a low turn out and delays at some polling stations.
In Nakuru East and West constituencies, polling was delayed until after 9 AM before the exercise could kick off due to delays in delivery of ballot materials a similar situation was also witnessed in Taita Taveta county after hired goons stormed one of the voting centres and destroyed materials before the exercise could begin.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg has been caught in the middle of a fight at a university.
The outspoken Brexiteer appeared at a debate at Bristol University hosting by the University's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
But the meeting descended into violence as an angry mob of students charged forward and started pushing and throwing punches towards supporters of the Tory politician.
Mr Rees-Mogg can be seen in video footage trying to break up the violence and does not appear to be injured himself.
(Image: PA)
The North Somerset MP comes in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
Someone who was present told the Daily Mirror: “About five people in balaclavas came in the back of the lecture theatre and started shouting.
“He went up to the back of the room and started talking to them. There was some kind of scuffle.
“The police were called and then they finally left and he carried on.”
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on her phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
(Image: Reuters)
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The Tory MP has told the Telegraph that he is "absolutely fine" and has "endured worse confrontations with The Guardian".
Mr Rees-Mogg claimed the students weren't there to listen to the debate and instead just wanted to stop the event.
He said they shouted "no platform for Tory scum".
He told The Telegraph: "I wanted to stop anyone being hit because the whole thing would have degenrated.
"I didn't think anyone was going to hit me so I felt quite safe intervening."
Conservative Society Callum Tucker told the Guido Fawkes website: “I'm disappointed that uninvited individuals wearing balaclavas entered a private event in hostility.
"He was a gentleman who went to debate and understand them and they didn't want to listen.
"Violence has no place in society and freedom of speech should be protected.”
Labour MP Angela Rayner has said she "utterly condemn[ed]" an apparent attempt to disrupt Mr Rees-Mogg's speech.
(Image: PA)
"It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this," she added in a tweet.
The UWE Politics and International Relations Society declined to comment.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
The Facebook post said: "We're really humbled that we sold out the tickets in 7 minutes so we thank you for the support you've all given for this event!
"If you did not get a ticket, do not worry as there will be some more available this time next week so we'll post that immediately for everyone!"
A CH-47 Chinook from the United States Army 82d Combat Avaition Brigade practices deck landing on the USS Whidbey Island (LSD 14) in the Gulf of Aden, Nov. 11, 2016. The training allowed troopers from the 82d CAB to get their qualification in landing on naval ships, each crew member had to perform five day-time landings and five night-time landings using NVG capabilities. The 82d CAB rapidly deploys in support of the Global Response Force to conduct decisive aviation operations worldwide. Enabling the ground force commander with air assault, air movement, attack, recon and medevac capabilities. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Joshua J. Garcia)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.11.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:27 Photo ID: 3167245 VIRIN: 161112-F-QF982-549 Resolution: 4096x2720 Size: 10.28 MB Location: CAMP LEMONNIER, DJIBOUTI, DJ Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade supporting CJTF-HOA [Image 1 of 4], by TSgt Joshua Garcia, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
"They played well obviously," Panthers coach Kevin Stallings said. "I didn't think that we did so much, but certainly you have to give them credit. It probably wasn't the most ideal time to catch them."
BIG PICTURE
Pittsburgh: Things keep getting worse for the Panthers. They entered Chapel Hill ranked last in the league in major categories such as scoring offence, shooting percentage, rebounding margin and turnover margin. Now they've lost 15 straight regular-season ACC games and are approaching a year since their last win.
"Maybe I'll feel a little differently when I see the film," Stallings said. "But I think we can play better than that."
UNC: The Tar Heels were facing the possibility of their first four-game losing streak since February 2010, the only one of the Roy Williams era. And the past week in particular had been bumpy: There was an overtime home loss to North Carolina State last weekend, a loss at No. 20 Clemson on Tuesday and the suspension of freshman guard Jalek Felton from the university for unspecified reasons. This win — a get-right cruise in front of a friendly crowd — might have helped drain a bit of building tension.
FAMILIARITY
Pitt initially blocked Johnson's attempt to move to UNC with immediate eligibility, citing an internal policy, before relenting last summer. He finished with 14 points.
"I tried not to look at this game any different, you know what I mean?" Johnson said. "Obviously you're going to feel some things when you play against your former team. I spent three years there, I grew up in Pittsburgh, my dad played at Pitt, my mom went to nursing school there, and my brother is still doing research for the university, so obviously I have a pretty strong connection there."
Stallings deflected questions afterward about Johnson.
"I don't like to comment on other people's players," he said. "Ask Roy about how he played. I couldn't tell you. I was worried about my guys."
WILLIAMS' JUMPER
Kenny Williams scored 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting, including 3 of 5 from behind the arc. He had failed to reach double figures in five of the past six games.
"I wasn't thinking about the shots," he said. "I was just stepping into it and doing everything that I've worked on."
UP NEXT
Pittsburgh: The Panthers visit No. 20 Clemson on Thursday.
UNC: The Tar Heels host No. 4 Duke on Thursday night in the latest renewal of the fierce rivalry.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at https://twitter.com/aaronbeardap
By Aaron Beard, The Associated Press
A Winona man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for the sexual assault of an 11-year-old girl near Waumandee, Wisconsin.
Sentencing of 33-year-old Jacob Vogel happened Friday at the Buffalo County Courthouse in Alma, Wisconsin.
Vogel is now doing hard time in Wisconsin State Prison, he had pleaded guilty to 1st Degree Child Sexual Assault and Child Enticement for Sexual Contact.
Investigators said Vogel used social media to lure the 11-year-old girl to go for a ride with him in his pickup about two years ago where the sexual assault happened.
The cabal is putting their agenda into overdrive, the attacks on the people and the White House has begun. Russian trains will not bypass Ukraine. Russia made an announcement that it would recognize East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine and West Jerusalem as the capital of Israel if all issues were resolved. Russia says the decision made by Trump is going to push chaos in the region. The plan is to bring all sides to the bargaining table and to push peace, but it won't be by the US. Russia announces they will start to leave Syria, US has not made this announcement. The corporate media pushing the idea that Russia will cyberattack the midyear elections. The cabal pushed a false flag in NY that failed.
X22 Report
Dave's Bio: I am 49 years old and I have children. I lived in NY and I was there for 911 and the North East blackout. I lost my job in 2008 and was laid off. Since 2008 I have been prepping. My wife, kids and I try to eat organic and we try to avoid all chemicals in foods. We make our own bread, food and pizza from scratch. I have a technology background and have worked for large financial institutions. My main job was securing the systems from viruses and hackers and maintaining the trading systems so the money flowed from system to system. I have tried talking to friends and relatives about what was going on but every time I talked about the government, FED and the economic collapse they looked at me like I was crazy. I decided to start a website and broadcast to the world what was going on. I didn't really think that anyone would really listen to what I was saying when I started it was just a way to get the word out and get it off my chest.
I realized as the cost of everything continually increases it is getting harder and harder to live the life of my parents and grandparents. I realized if we all don't do something our children will not have the opportunities and freedoms the way the founding fathers envisioned.
OTTAWA — The federal government says it taking further steps to prevent foreign steel and aluminum from being dumped into the North American market just ahead of a U.S. decision on whether to slap punishing duties on those products.
Canada, Mexico and Europe were exempted from import duties of 25 per cent on steel and 10 per cent on aluminum when they were first imposed in March but those exemptions expire on Friday.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau said in a statement late Wednesday that Canada has expanded the scope of its country of origin marking regime for steel and aluminum products to better determine where they come from.
Morneau said this builds on new funding announced in late April of an initial outlay of more than $30 million over five years to hire 40 new officers to investigate trade-related complaints, including those linked to steel and aluminum.
That announcement came about a month after the Canada Border Services Agency was granted extra powers to identify businesses that try to dodge import duties and ship cheap foreign steel and aluminum through the Canadian market.
The latest federal attempt to ward off the tariffs coincided with a concerted effort by Canada and its European allies to try to stop the Trump administration from imposing the tariffs this week.
The Associated Press reported late Wednesday, however, that the Trump administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union.
Two people familiar with the discussions said the administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement before the reprieve expires. The Associated Press report did not indicate if Canada would also be hit with the tariffs.
In addition to discussing the matter on Wednesday with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trudeau also spoke by phone with the premiers of Ontario, Quebec and Saskatchewan.
The Prime Minister's Office said they "all agreed to continue to defend the Canadian steel and aluminum industry from unwarranted tariffs and to stand up for the best interests of all Canadian workers and businesses."
Violence against women services are waiting with bated breath to see who will win this election. Despite the pressing need for continued and expanded investments in sexual assault services, access to legal supports, shelters and access to reproductive health, gender equity has not been centred in either of the first two debates.
May has been a sobering reminder that women are not safe in this province.
On May 24, Elisabeth Salm, a 59-year-old librarian at the Christian Science Reading Room in Ottawa, was beaten and sexually assaulted in her workplace. She died a day later in the hospital.
Earlier, Timmins police released the identities of the four people killed in a car fire last month. They were Tammy Gagnon, 34, Cole Gagnon, 16 and Brandi Gagnon, 14. Found close by outside the car was Joey Gagnon, 37. Police said all along that this was a "tragic violent event," that was "isolated" and that there was "no remaining threat to the public." These words are code for domestic violence homicide.
Since January, approximately 19 women and their families that we know of have been murdered, and men close to them have been charged.
It was not until the third debate this past Sunday that gender equity and sexual violence were raised. There was an opportunity for each leader to highlight their actions, but instead of answering the question, the man who would be premier focused on memes. In addition, in all three debates he has made demeaning remarks, such as "I like to let them go at it" when referring to women leaders and has commented on Wynne's "nice smile."
These dismissive comments and the inability to answer a direct question about how he will address sexual violence within his party, as well as gender equity in the province, are extremely worrisome. We need a premier who will point out what they will do to keep women safe and make our communities better places for everyone to thrive.
Ontario Thrive sent a short survey to every candidate asking for their commitment to gender equity. Every major party but one — the Progressive Conservatives — has answered the questionnaire.
We know that with economic security, women are less likely to become trapped in abusive relationships. Economic safety is built on safe workplaces, affordable child care, safe transit and a livable minimum wage.
School curriculum that addresses body autonomy, self-esteem, gender-based violence and sexual and gender diversity will lead to young people understanding the meaning of consent and that violence — physical, sexual or emotional — is never OK.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May is still enjoying her summer break despite widespread reports she was getting back to work today.
It's understood the Prime Minister is expected back in 10 Downing Street this Thursday.
By the time she returns it'll be three weeks and three days in total since she set off for her first of two summer holidays.
She returned from a five-day break in northern Italy for an official event marking the centenary of the outbreak of the Battle of Passchendaele on July 31.
She then set off again for a two-week holiday walking with her husband Philip in the Swiss Alps.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Multiple previous reports had said Mrs May would be back to work on Monday 14 August.
But it appears August 14 was confused with the "week of" August 14 in a to-and-fro between reporters and Downing Street last month.
The Tory leader will be plunged into the deep end when she does return as the government attempts to show its hand on Brexit .
At least two 'position papers' spelling out the government's view on thorny issues of customs and the Northern Ireland border will be published this week.
Only one - the Northern Ireland paper - will actually be used in the next round of negotiations with the EU at the end of this month.
The other, on the customs union, is expected to be a "future position" paper - meaning it won't be discussed straight away.
(Image: Matthew Evans)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
EU chiefs have warned the "clock is ticking" but have been unwilling to discuss Britain's future trade with the EU until key parts of Brexit itself are settled, including a multi-billion pound 'divorce bill'.
Asked why future position papers are being published now, a Downing Street spokesman said: "The talks which have taken place so far have shown that many of the withdrawal questions can only be settled with the future relationship in mind."
Mrs May will fly home to face Tory chaos after a senior MP threatened to quit the party over Brexit.
Former Business Minister Anna Soubry said she would put “country before party” and quit the Tories for a new pro-EU group if Mrs May does not soften her stance on Brexit.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
In an attempt to show Cabinet unity, Remain-backing Chancellor Philip Hammond and Brexiteer Liam Fox published a joint article agreeing key red lines.
They said Britain will need a "time-limited interim period" to implement Brexit "but it cannot be indefinite, it cannot be a back door to staying in the EU."
But behind the public calm anonymous MPs claimed the PM should sack pro-Remain ministers in a mini Cabinet reshuffle.
It also emerged arch-Brexiteer toff Jacob Rees-Mogg is mulling a possible run for the party leadership if Mrs May is forced out or quits.
Meanwhile Jeremy Corbyn has kicked off a three-week tour of the country after returning from his summer break in Croatia.
The Labour leader is due to address a rally in Milton Keynes this afternoon after drawing a crowd of more than 1,000 last week in Cornwall.
The hits keep coming for Chrissy Teigen and John Legend! After a week spent 'gramming their way through Italy, the always-entertaining power couple has returned stateside (in style, of course).
John and Chrissy celebrated their triumphant return with a trip to L.A.'s Beautycon on Sunday in coordinating outfits.
Teigen, who recently released a blush palette with Becca ($46; sephora.com), arrived at the makeup-centric event in a pair of wide-leg olive green pants (shop a similar look here), into which she tucked a black off-the-shoulder top with bell sleeves. The model accessorized with studded hoop earrings and a Cult Gaia bamboo circle bag (shop a similar style here). She topped off her demure ensemble with a complementary swipe of dark plum lipstick.
Legend stood by his wife's side on the pink carpet, matching her somber-chic look in a black polo tee, black slacks, and coordinating boat shoes.
Amanda Edwards/WireImage
RELATED: Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's Casual Date Night Looks Are Style Goals
With parents as stylish as these, we have no doubt little Luna will be topping best-dressed lists within the next decade.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post called her "fat" and "childless" and said "most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness."
"Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service," Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. But one of The Daily Stormer's contributors said that post was just a prank.
"We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it," said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said he couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move.
"I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site," he said in an email to The Associated Press.
Auernheimer, known online as "weev," said GoDaddy hadn't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision. He said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service.
"We'll get it taken care of," Auernheimer said. "If we need a new domain, we'll get a new domain."
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. "Only the domain is with GoDaddy," Race added.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called "Jewish Problem" and "Race War."
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its "Troll Army" of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a "Zionist Millionaire."
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an "extortion racket" against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service. And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
"We did a good job all around on a lot of areas," Trotz said. "We cleaned a few things. There are some areas that we've still gone to adjust, but it was a step forward."
After killing off a penalty early in the second period, Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored his 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller's slick cross-ice pass.
Eller then set up Orpik, who last scored in the post-season all the way back in April 2014, on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1.
"Brooksy doesn't score a lot of goals, but that was a huge one," Eller said of the 37-year-old blue liner. "To have success in the playoffs you need every single guy chipping in."
Orpik wasn't available to the media after the game because he was getting stitches from the Capitals' medical staff.
"He's old-school," Washington forward T.J. Oshie said. "To see him get rewarded with a goal at a big time, it makes me feel good.
"I imagine he feels great."
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the post-season — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and made it 3-2 with 2:13 left in the second when Theodore scored his third on a seeing-eye snapshot from the point through traffic on a power play.
Vegas got a 5-on-3 man advantage for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third, but Holtby, who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final, managed to hold the fort.
"We had good looks," Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said. "We just need to be more selfish and shoot the puck. The plays were there."
Holtby then made that diving paddle stop on Tuch that will be replayed over and over.
"Thank God he's our goalie," Ovechkin said.
"I've got to bury that," Tuch lamented.
The Knights continued to push and pulled Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
The teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with his glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for his fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming inside eight minutes.
Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding his left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury. Trotz did not provide an update when asked about Kuznetsov's status at his press conference.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring his sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as he did in the first 50 post-season games of his career.
"The more I'm out there, the more I feel on the puck — better flow in my game," Eller said. "We were a little more on our toes tonight."
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final that year after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
Gold prices had lost Rs 290 in previous four days. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Gold prices jumped by Rs 210 to Rs 31,570 per 10 grams on Wednesday, mainly supported by a strong global sentiment amid a pick-up in demand by local jewellers, reported PTI. Globally, gold prices hit a one-week high, rebounding from this week's seven-month low, helped by a softer dollar and smouldering trade tensions, though the move was limited ahead of US jobs data. In Delhi, gold of 99.9 per cent and 99.5 per cent purity rebounded by Rs 210 each to Rs 31,570 and Rs 31,420 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 290 in the previous four days.
Sovereign, however, remained flat at Rs 24,800 per piece of eight grams. On the other hand, domestic silver prices stayed under pressure and dropped below the Rs 40,000-mark by plunging Rs 390 to Rs 39,910 per kg, added the report. Silver coins, however, maintained a steady trend at Rs 75,000 for buying and Rs 76,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Global spot gold rate was up 0.3% at $1,256.06 an ounce after touching $1,261.10, a one-week high. The precious metal has gained over $20 from Tuesday's low of $1,237.32 an ounce, its weakest since 12 December. US gold futures for August delivery were trading 0.3 percent higher at $1,257.50 an ounce.
The dollar today fell versus the euro and the yuan, with the Chinese currency continuing its recovery from 11-month lows after the central bank took steps to stem its rapid rise. A weaker dollar makes dollar-priced gold cheaper for non-US investors.
The Indian rupee and bond prices were little changed today. The rupee opened at 68.53 and touched a high and a low of 68.47 and 68.64, respectively.
Global stocks were dragged lower by growing anxiety ahead of Washington's end of week deadline to impose tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese imports, and Beijing's vow to retaliate in kind on the same day. Markets are awaiting minutes of the June Fed meeting due on Thursday and the US non-farm payrolls data on Friday for cues on monetary policy.
With inputs from Reuters
Beauty expert Melanie Rud Chadwick stopped by to help us simplify your beauty routine and save you time.Here are the products she talked about:Venn Age-Reversing All in One Concentrate, $185Paul Mitchell Invisiblewear Boomerang Restyling Mist, $15 from PaulMitchell.comSente Pollution Shield Broad Spectruc SPF46, $49 at sentelabs.comThe Body Shop Amazonian Saviour Multi-Purpose Balm, $10 at thebodyshop.comJouer Anti-Blemish Matte Primer, $30For more information, visit: http://melanierudchadwick.com/
"It happens," Sale said, adding, "terrible time for it to happen."
Kluber, favoured by many to win a second AL Cy Young Award, was rocked for six runs and seven hits by the Yankees on Friday. The Cleveland righty was chased in the third inning.
"Kluber finally looking like he's human," Indians star Francisco Lindor said after a 9-8 win in 13 innings.
Severino had the roughest start of them all. Picked to pitch the AL wild-card game for the Yankees, the 23-year-old gave up two quick home runs to Minnesota and was pulled after getting only one out.
And then there's Kershaw, who became the first Dodger to give up four homers in a post-season game ever — although he still got the win in Los Angeles' 9-5 victory over Arizona in Game 1.
Aces in the hole, for sure.
And unexpected in a post-season featuring 11 Cy Young Award winners.
"I can't really put, obviously, a theory to why pitchers are getting out or it's just not going the way for starting pitchers," Hill said.
Twins starter Ervin Santana also got bounced fast in the wild-card loss to the Yankees.
"Common threads? I think that hitters have been aggressive and just kind of mislocation," Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. "Guys are taking good at-bats, they're spoiling pitches. Pitch counts are getting way up there."
"That's the great thing about this game though, it's just so unpredictable," he said.
To Arizona manager Torey Lovullo, a lot of credit goes to Paul Goldschmidt, Jose Altuve and other top hitters. Especially when they're facing pitchers who might be a bit tired.
"October baseball is the best thing in the world, as far as I'm concerned. I think these players feel it for so long that maybe they walk out on the mound, give what they can, and their tank is emptied a little sooner than later," Lovullo said.
"And you have so many things you're walking into today. With today's players, they're able to equip themselves with all sorts of information, video, advance scouting. They can direct their own swings and prepare their own swings to attack starting pitching. I think there are a lot of things that go into that," he said.
By Ben Walker, The Associated Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
KSI came out on top in the battle of the YouTube sensations as he stopped Joe Weller on Saturday night.
The pair met over a scheduled six three-minute rounds at the Copper Box Arena in London, a venue more used to hosting world champions than white-collar wannabes.
But 8,000 fans crammed into the east London hall - a sign of the growing popularity of online stars.
Their rivalry stemmed, of course, from the internet as they clashed on Twitter last year.
Weller had just beaten fellow internet star Theo 'Malfoy' Baker in August when KSI - real name Olajide William Olatunji - entered the scene.
(Image: KSI/YouTube)
KSI called out the victor before the duo twice met in person as the rivalry grew.
The bout was confirmed the following month and the trash-talking began in earnest.
And after the first bell, KSI began the fight on the front foot as Weller waited 30 seconds to throw a punch.
With the longer reach, the taller men attempted to control the fight with his jab as Weller struggled to close the distance.
He was able to pin KSI against the tops briefly before he was left bloodied by an uppercut.
It was a similar story in the second session as both men seemed to tire, with KSI in particular holding when he could.
(Image: KSI/YouTube)
The pair tumbled to the canvas in a heap but no knockdown was called.
KSI made a fast start to the third stanza as Weller looked close to defeat.
And the referee stepped in to give the struggling man a standing count midway through the round.
Weller was cleared to continue but the fight was stopped seconds later.
The winner, who was presented with the YouTube belt by professional heavyweight Dereck Chisora, said: "I walked the walk, and I talked the talk motherf*****.
"Joe, you're way tougher than I thought. Respect for getting into the ring and giving me a tough battle."
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Kyle Gimour will captain Canada 'A' against Argentina XV at the Americas Pacific Challenge on Saturday.
The six-team rugby tournament also features developmental sides from Uruguay, the U.S. Samoa and Tonga.
"Argentina, whether it's the Pumas, Jaguars or XV side, are known for playing a wide, expansive brand of rugby with a lot of decoy runners and offloads and we're going to have to be ready for that," Canada coach Mike Shelley said in a statement.
Canada opened last year's tournament with a 56-29 loss to an Argentine side, with five returnees – Adrian Wadden, Conor Keys, Pat Parfrey, Lucas Rumball and Guiseppe du Toit – in the starting lineup for Saturday's game.
Europeans win data privacy rights — what about us?
After years of online privacy violations, and decades of unregulated tech, there are finally protections in place for families and consumers, just not American ones. As of May 25, people in Europe have a number of important new online privacy rights with the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation, a powerful and thoughtful effort to provide more control over personal information.
California families also deserve the right to informed consent when it comes to their personal information: to see what data about them is being collected, shared or sold — and to delete, transfer or block the sale of that data if they desire. They deserve the right to control and access their data, including the ability to move it to another service. They deserve to know that their information is being kept secure.
How will the General Data Protection Regulation help European families? They win new rights to control how their personal information is collected and whether that data can be shared. Companies have new responsibilities to keep their data secure, and government has a clear role in enforcing the law, which means extracting real penalties when necessary. The European law is not perfect, but it's a huge step toward recognizing that privacy is a fundamental human right that protects all people.
So why don't families in the United States get the same rights? It's certainly a concern: 84 percent of Americans are worried about privacy. The Facebook breach alone affected more than 87 million individuals, and showed how such enormous data breaches can harm our democracy.
Today's young people are the most surveilled and tracked generation ever, meaning they are especially vulnerable. Kids are constantly under watch by advertisers and media companies looking for an edge. Their personal information, activities, hobbies and networks are exposed — and for sale — from birth. Today's digital age offers kids opportunities to thrive, but at significant cost to their privacy.
There is a glaring lack of transparency, as well as inconsistent privacy and security practices, across the entire tech industry, but Big Tech is not a monolith. Not every tech company is beholden to an ad-driven bottom line that turns our kids' clicks into dollars. There are many companies that lead with innovation, without harming our democracy with their business models. Put simply, it is high time that those companies step up and demand the privacy protections that Americans deserve.
California is the birthplace of the tech revolution, and should lead in creating reforms that protect consumers. There's even a privacy initiative proposed for November's ballot, but that measure won't be enough to protect state residents from another Facebook and CambridgeAnalytica-style data breach. Instead, the Legislature should take preemptive action. Washington seems incapable of action, and pending initiatives don't go far enough.
Because the European data regulations apply to any enterprise doing business in the region, many companies have systems in place that comply with those stronger privacy protections. This is California's chance to lead the nation and enact strong, modern, pro-kid privacy protections that provide a regulatory system for all to follow. Common Sense Media exists to educate and advocate for families, so we have long fought for stronger student and children's privacy laws. Now is a unique moment to win stronger privacy rights for every member of the family.
The parents and kids of California call on our Legislature to pass comprehensive, commonsense privacy reforms this year. Why wait? Companies are already making European kids and families safer online. Why should California, and the rest of America, settle for any less?
Jim Steyer is the CEO and founder of Common Sense Media, a nonprofit organization devoted to improving media and entertainment for families.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pint of beer or a glass of wine a day can help older people live longer, according to research.
The potential “protective” benefits of moderate drinking “clearly outweigh” the possible cancer risk, experts said.
Downing 14 units or fewer per week for men, or seven for women, was linked to a 13% reduced risk of “all-cause mortality” in men and a 34% lower risk in women.
Male moderate drinkers had 21% less chance of dying from cardiovascular disease , rising to 34% for women.
Similar findings were observed for light drinkers who had fewer than three drinks per week. However, researchers warned heavier drinking is linked to greater health problems, negating any benefits.
(Image: Getty)
Dr Bo Xi, of Shandong University School of Public Health, in China, who led the study, said: “Light-to-moderate drinking might have some protective effects against cardiovascular disease – while heavy drinking can lead to death. A delicate balance exists between beneficial and detrimental effects.”
Co-author Dr Sreenivas Veeranki, of the University of Texas, added: “A J-shaped relationship exists between alcohol consumption and mortality, and drinkers should drink with consciousness.”
(Image: Caiaimage)
Male heavy drinkers had a 25% increased risk of death from any cause, and a 67% increase in dying from cancer, found medics in Texas, who studied data from 333,247 participants in 12 years of US surveys, as part of the joint study.
Heavy drinkers were defined as having more than 14 units a week for men, seven for women.
Neurology specialist Giovanni de Gaetano said younger adults should not expect much benefit from moderate drinking. He added: “For most older persons, the overall benefits of light drinking, especially the reduced cardiovascular disease risk, outweigh possible cancer risk.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Got the kids on half-term holidays this week?
Trying to figure out the best way of making use of all the additional family time? We hear you!
Whether it's camping or picnics in the park, there are plenty of activities you can enjoy with little ones that cost next to nothing. Here are some ideas that we think they'll love – and some tips on how to really make the most of your half term.
Get close to nature
One really great way to engage with your kids for a couple of days is to go foraging and cooking in the wild.
Some things you can pick are perfectly safe - like apples, blackberries, certain plants and even some flowers. But for the main course you might want to bring along some supermarket staples!
Fire up this camping stove for a fantastic grill - just £8 (save £12) at Halfords. Mix up cooking things you've brought from home with bits you've sourced locally for a great combo. And don't forget to pack the Halfords Rainbow Plastic Plates which are just £3 (save £3) to dine out in style.
A long cycle ride
If you've got a couple of days then you could take everyone out for a long cycle ride, broken up by either nights in a hotel or camping. If you don't want to stay the night there are plenty of UK cycle routes – check Sustrans for those in your area – which you can drive to during the day. Check out Halfords' options for bike racks if you need to load your bikes onto a car – the Thule ProRide 59 1 is £85 (save £25), but also on buy one, get one half price - and don't forget, Halfords offers free fitting too.
If you have very little children then it's also worth considering an alternative way to transport them. Halfords has a range of bike seats for juniors as well as an amazing Double Buggy Bike Trailer for £110 (save £110, 50lbs weight limit per child, not for use with a child under 12 months old).
Little kids have an absolute blast being towed around, and you'll hear a lot of delighted giggles and yells when you're doing it. Make sure you also get bike helmets that fit securely for both you and your little ones. Halfords has a wide range to choose from and can help you to find the right fit.
And before heading off why not get a Free Bike Check from Halfords? You can either book online or just pop in to your local store for a 32-point check. Everything from the frame to the saddle and the wheels to the gears are given a thorough check by an in-store expert. Getting the check means you can relax, knowing your bike is in great shape for your trip.
Let the games begin
There are all sorts of major sporting events on this year, so why not hold some of your own competitions. You can then arrange lots of little events for your wannabe stars of tomorrow, from football and running to swimming and cycling.
If you're in need of a new bike for your young ones then consider the Apollo Gridlok kids mountain bike, which has been reduced by £31 and is now only £124. There is 20 per cent off a whole range of kids bikes too, so there's bound to be something that suits your little athletes.
If you were looking to get your little one on a bike this summer and they don't currently have one then take a look at the Halfords range. If the kids have bikes but you don't, perhaps it's time to take advantage of 20 per cent off a range of adult bikes – the Carrera Vengeance is now £264 (save £66).
Make exercise rewarding
If you've got older kids that can love nothing more than heading out on two wheels to explore with friends, then there are lots of options. Come up with a number of miles to cycle in a day, week or even month and get them a cycle computer from Halfords (starting at £8.50). You can fit it together then dispatch them on chores! For every mile you could reward them, either with extra pocket money or just their choice of movie to watch with you later.
If you have a suitable park nearby then you could arrange time trials. Who can go around the quickest?
You could even get them thinking by asking who can work out the shortest route from A to B. If you have a cycle computer then you can show who's right – winner gets bragging rights, or something more tangible.
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords. Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services.
'Bernie Bros' and 'Alt-Left' Are Propaganda Terms Meant to Disempower Activism
"Bernie Bros" and the "Alt-Left" are terms increasingly used by conservatives and neo-liberals to discourage, disempower, and discourage activism on the left in favor of complacency in support of the status quo.
By Michael Sainato
The 2016 Presidential Primaries ended more than a year ago, but the divisive and destructive rhetoric that was developed during it remains prevalent. During the battle between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, the Bernie Bros narrative, a resurfacing of the Obama Boys narrative used during the 2008 Primaries by Clinton supporters, became a novelty for political opponents of Bernie Sanders. It served as an easy smear campaign that could be exploited and touted without citing any actual evidence to corroborate the claims behind it. The narrative, devoid of any policy discussion, weaponized identity politics to frame Bernie Sanders and his supporters as a movement being propped up by sexist white males, erasing the women and people of color who supported the movement and continue serving as leaders within it. The narrative also served to arrogantly reaffirm the sense of entitlement Clinton, Democratic Party centrists, and the establishment had to voters in marginalized communities while they actively ignored and abandoned them.
This past weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, many progressive groups that are pejoratively aligned with the "Bernie Bros" and the "Alt-Left" participated in the protests against white supremacist Nazi's demonstrating in support of a Confederate Statue on the University of Virginia Campus. Members of the Democratic Socialists of America and the International Workers of the World were injured and one of them, Heather Heyer, lost their li fe. Despite this, the President of Center for American Progress Neera Tanden , and Daily Kos Founder Markos Moulitsas used the event to try to shamelessly attack the "alt-left," and progressives, when it's disproportionately the left rather than centrists and establishment Democrats who are individually and collectively mobilizing and organizing against fascism. Centrists have traditionally denigrated and attacked protests, if not ignored them completely, from the Occupy Wall Street movement to the water protectors standing up to the Dakota Access pipeline, to the anti-fascists standing up against rallies and organizing of Nazi white supremacists, and the nurses and activists fighting for single-payer healthcare in California and across the country, the same purveyors of the Bernie Bros and alt-left myth were nowhere to be found. ShareBlue, a centrist propaganda outlet, didn't run a single story on the NoDAPL protests, and Neera Tanden, Markos Moulitsas, several former Clinton staffers,and DNC Chair Tom Perez have never tweeted or otherwise mentioned the protests at all, while a militarized police and security force terrorized Native Americans and the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. Instead of embracing movements like Black Lives Matter, Standing Rock, anti-fa, or similar organizing against racism, social injustice, and oppression, centrists have often reverted to covering for the establishment forces doing the oppressing and pushing false narratives against these movements.
The "Alt-left" is a term developed to try to portray the activist left as comparable to the alt-right of neo-nazis and white supremacists, when what is defined as the "alt-left" is generally providing the strongest and most assertive opposition to the alt-right, while centrists virtue signal over civility and embrace neo-conservatives who align with alt-right policies. The alt-right, neo-cons, and centrist establishment voices are invested in disempowering and discouraging activism and protests that stand up to the status quo.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lawrence Okolie vs Isaac Chamberlain is the surprise headliner of the 2018 and the British prospects are all set to deliver a thrilling cruiserweight clash on Saturday.
The O2 plays host to British Beef with plenty of action on the undercard in what promises to be an exciting evening of boxing.
The 'beef' between the pair has been real since sparring each other many times as prospects. Okolie has bigged up his pedigree as a former Olympian, though Chamberlain is touted as the slicker boxer.
Anthony Joshua manages Okolie and will be present at ringside, amongst many more big names from British boxing, including David Haye, Dillian Whyte, Dereck Chisora, Daniel Dubois and Tony Bellew.
(Image: Lawrence Lustig/Matchroom)
When and where is the fight?
The fight is tonight - Saturday February 3 - at The O2 Arena in London, England.
What channel is Okolie vs Chamberlain on?
The fight will be shown live on Sky Sports Main Event (starting at 7:40pm) and Sky Sport Action (starting at 7pm).
(Image: Lawrence Lustig/Matchroom)
Is there a live stream for the event?
Yes, you can watch a live stream on Sky Go if you have the relevant Sky Sports subscription.
What time will the ring walk be?
Expect the fighters to make their way to the ring at around 10:15pm.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Legendary Coronation Street villain Richard Hillman looks set to make a shock return to the cobbles - in spirit form.
Gail Platt was horrified to discover that her evil ex has been haunting her from beyond the grave.
Richard died trying to drive the Platts into a canal after attempting to murder Emily Bishop and killing Maxine Peacock during his reign of terror.
But Rosemary the clairvoyant revealed that Richard and his hammer are back - leading Gail to question if he is responsible for her family's recent trauma.
(Image: Granada)
This could include David's horrific rape at the hands of Josh, Bethany being lured into a child sex ring and Kylie's untimely death.
Tricky Dicky could also have influenced Gail's horror show of a love life which has seen conman Lewis steal all her money and the deaths of Joe McIntyre and Michael Rodwell.
The discovery came when Gail reluctantly arranged to meet Rosemary to warn her away from Audrey.
But her interest was piqued when the psychic told her to forgot about Brian and Ivy Tillsley.
Claiming she was a messenger for the dead, Rosemary told Gail she just wanted her “off my desk”.
She said: “Forgot about Ivy it's this man and his hammer they're dragging me down.”
(Image: ITV)
(Image: Granada TV)
Worried Gail asked: “I thought there was a code. Long life and tall handsome strangers and the bad stuff you kept to yourself.”
But concerned Rosemary replied: “Tell that to Richard, he's tired of waiting Gail.”
Rosemary said Gail should listen to what Richard has to say and asked if she had misfortune in recent years.
(Image: ITV)
Confused Gail said: “Are you saying this Richard whoever he is could have some connection to the bad things that have happened?”
Rosemary said: “I sense a dark spirit. A need to latch on. Control. These things aren't easy for you to hear.”
Gail finally revealed there was a Richard in her life and arranged a time to meet.
Will she be able to get evil Richard Hillman out of her life for good or will he continue to get revenge from beyond the grave?
*Coronation Street continues on Wednesday on ITV at 7.30pm
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO – As a new school year starts, the Hazelwood East community is mourning one of their star football players and student who suddenly died over the weekend.
Daven Turner had recently turned 18 and he was set to start his senior year at Hazelwood East Tuesday, the first day of school, instead students now with heavy hearts are remembering the young man they say everyone wanted to know.
Turner was a star on the football field but friends tell me he had a number of other interests and passions as well. He played the cello and had been a member in the orchestra. He was also very active in youth government. His social media accounts listed him as the Missouri YMCA Youth Governor for the 2017-2018 year. Friends say one of the things that stood out most was his politics and his desire to help any and every one. He had plans to go to college next year to study political science with aspirations of one day becoming president.
A memorial service is scheduled for later this week.
YouTube has been criticized by governments that say it does not do enough to remove extremist content, and by advertisers. Photo: Reuters
San Francisco: YouTube, owned by Alphabet Inc's Google, deleted about 5 million videos from its platform for content policy violations in last year's fourth quarter before any viewers saw them, it said in a new report that highlighted its response to pressure to better police its online community.
YouTube has been criticized by governments that say it does not do enough to remove extremist content, and by advertisers, such as Procter & Gamble Co and Under Armour Inc that briefly boycotted the service when they unwittingly ran ads alongside videos the companies deemed inappropriate.
YouTube said in the report on Monday that automating enforcement through software “is paying off” in quicker removals. The company said it did not have comparable data from prior quarters.
YouTube said it still needed an in-house team of humans to verify automated findings on an additional 1.6 million videos that were removed only after some users watched the clips.
The automated system did not identify another 1.6 million videos that YouTube took down once they were reported to it by users, activist organizations and governments.
“They still have lots of work to do but they should be praised in the interim,” Paul Barrett, who has followed YouTube as deputy director at the New York University ‎Stern Center for Business and Human Rights, said.
Facebook Inc also said on Monday it had removed or put a warning label on 1.9 million pieces of extremist content related to ISIS or al-Qaeda in the first three months of the year, or about double the amount from the previous quarter.
Corralling problematic videos, whether through humans or machines, could help YouTube, a major driver of Google's revenue, stave off regulation and a sales hit. For now, analysts say demand for YouTube ads remains robust.
The following are steps that YouTube has taken.
Extremism
YouTube officials say the company removes videos that contain hate speech or incite violence. It issues “a strike” to the uploader in each instance and bans uploaders with three strikes in a three-month period. Also banned are government-identified “terrorist organizations” and materials such groups would upload if they could. YouTube shares the digital fingerprints of removed videos with a consortium of tech companies.
Borderline videos get stamped “graphic” and stripped of features that would give them prominence. YouTube added options for advertisers to avoid sponsoring these videos last year.
YouTube automated scans have sped up takedowns of videos tied to ISIS or al-Qaeda. But it has struggled to draw a line on views espoused by white right-wing extremists, who tend to know the rules well and stop short of overt hate speech.
Misinformation
YouTube said it would be difficult to enforce a “truth” policy, leaving the company to look for other policy violations to remove videos with misleading information.
For instance, YouTube could delete a fabricated news report by finding it harasses its subject.
Since autumn, it has promoted “authoritative sources” such as CNN and NBC News in search results to push down problematic material. YouTube also plans to display Wikipedia descriptions alongside videos to counter hoaxes.
But YouTube still is cited as slow to identify misinformation amid major global breaking news events when video bloggers quickly upload commentary. The company preserves other challenged clips that have public interest value or come from politicians.
Child endangerment
YouTube last year began removing videos and issuing strikes when the filming may have put a child in danger or when a cartoon character is used inappropriately.
YouTube does not alert law enforcement or intellectual property owners about these videos because YouTube says it cannot easily identify uploaders and rightsholders. Copyright owners that believe a video violates guidelines or infringes their copyright or trademark can report it to YouTube.
The company last year begin stepping up moderation of comments that inappropriately reference children. Reuters
After the hand and the bite, Suarez gets his head right
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 42 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:48 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) — First, it was his hand. Then, his teeth. Luis Suarez's feet and football ability are yet to take center stage for Uruguay at a World Cup.
Maybe this time, now that his head is right.
Like Barcelona teammate and close friend Lionel Messi, Suarez could be playing for his World Cup legacy in Russia. At best he has three games left, starting with Friday's quarterfinal against France.
Messi's failures at the World Cup have been well documented. Suarez's experiences have been far rawer.
At both his previous tournaments, the Uruguay striker hasn't just left disappointed, he's left in disgrace, labeled a cheat in one and the world's dirtiest player in the other.
"You mature, you learn things and you live in the present," Suarez said at Uruguay's team base in Russia in the buildup to the France game.
In South Africa in 2010, Suarez's defining act was to block a goal-bound header from Ghana with his hand in the dying seconds of extra time in their quarterfinal. Suarez was sent off for the intentional handball but Ghana missed the resulting penalty.
Suarez's clear cheating and wild celebrations on the side of the field incensed a continent as it helped Uruguay reach the semifinals at the expense of Africa's last hope.
Four years ago in Brazil, there was an even more shocking exit: Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini in a group game — leaving visible teeth marks in Chiellini's left shoulder — and FIFA banned him for nine matches and four months, ending his tournament. It was the third time Suarez had been banned for biting an opponent.
Suarez, now 31, is back for another go at the World Cup, maybe his last.
At Uruguay's base he appeared unaffected by his ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either.
Suarez has taken steps to address his on-field behavior for Uruguay, he said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
"Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of his personality, the way he helps players," Suarez said. "Personally, he has helped me a lot. Before games, he always talks to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with him is important."
For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others.
That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports center on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury.
From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a "good morning" or "good afternoon."
Suarez also spoke about the "serenity" Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model.
"Now I'm one of the oldest, an example ... the younger ones look up to us," Suarez said. "You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations."
A Sparta native made his mark on the high school basketball scene in Steamboat Springs, Colorado this year.
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diego Maradona has accused England of theft after Gareth Southgate's meted out justice to Colombia's hatchet men.
Maradona, the Hand of God who cheated the Three Lions at the 1986 tournament in Mexico, insists Gareth Southgate's men got the benefit of a FIFA stitch up to move into the last eight of the World Cup.
In a blistering attack on Argentine TV, he claimed that American referee Mark Geiger was out of his depth, that referees' chief Pierluigi Collina should apologise to the Colombian nation for appointing him, and that the penalty given for Carlos Sanchez's grapple with Harry Kane was a foul instigated by the England captain.
Daft Diego said: “I saw a monumental theft. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame. A man like that (Geiger) should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
“With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, he is very bad. He must apologise to the Colombian people.
“I told (FIFA president) Gianni Infantino that if I worked for FIFA I would change everything. It has to be transparent. That's why I didn't go there.
“The referee will know a lot about baseball, but he has no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR and he did not give it to them.
(Image: AFP)
“Twice the English threw themselves to the ground and he did not admonish them. This was theft.”
Colombia had six players booked – including Wilmer Barrios, who was lucky to escape a red card for his first-half headbutt on Jordan Henderson.
Kane both won and converted the 57th-minute penalty from which England took the lead.
But Colombia forced extra-time thanks to Yerry Mina's header before England prevailed in the penalty shoot-out.
(Image: REUTERS)
Maradona insisted: “The penalty was not a foul. In fact, it was Kane's fault.
“The referee is looking somewhere else and when he turns his head, Kane is on the floor.
“Kane used his arm to hook Sanchez and then threw himself down.
“I repeat, why didn't the referee ask for the VAR? Colombia died standing. That's why I applaud them.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While Sainsbury's can be pricer than some of its other supermarket rivals, the supermarket giant has announced plans to give away millions of Nectar points to thousands of customers this weekend.
Shoppers with a Nectar card just need to use it when spending £10 or more from today (February 2) to Sunday (February 4) to qualify - and there's no limit on how many transactions you can make during the promotion.
The event will see the retailer issue customers with coupons worth between 500 and 5,000 Nectar points - the equivalent of up to £25 worth of points. All coupons received can be redeemed at any Sainsbury's supermarket, Local convenience store or participating petrol stations or online until February 18.
(Image: Getty)
The event follows an announcement that Sainsbury's has bought Nectar in a reported £60million deal. The retailer has said there will be no immediate change to the scheme which lets reward cardholders earn points on all online and in store purchases.
(Image: PA)
Currently, loyalty card members are eligible for exclusive discounts and can redeem points against anything from their morning coffee to their next holiday across hundreds of different brands. You can find out more on how to join here.
Wondering how else you can save at Sainsbury's read on for more tips, discounts and hacks.
Voucher codes and cashback sites
Savvy supermarket spenders will know too well that a handy voucher code can go a long way - especially when you've a large family and many mouths to feed.
It's worth scouring voucher sites and deals forums like Vouchercodes.co.uk and Hotukdeals.com before heading to checkout.
There are also great savings to be made by using a free cashback site like Quidco or TopCashback. By using a tracked link from the cashback site to the retailer, you can earn on anything you buy.
Although rates do vary, over time you can accumulate a small fortune over a longer period of time that can be transferred into your bank account or redeemed via vouchers and used when you really need it.
Find freebies
(Image: Getty)
Sainsbury's often hosts freebie deals on its ideas and recipes page, however these savings are redeemable online-only - so if you want to shop in store, we've found an alternative way.
CheckoutSmart offers cashback for buying products you love from Sainsbury's and other top retailers.
To get started simply open a free account at www.checkoutsmart.com, select the cashback offers you're interested in, and pop the products in your basket when you go shopping. Upload a photo of your receipt and the cashback will be credited to your account.
You can view all of the offers from CheckoutSmart here.
Free delivery when you spend £100
Do your food shop online and opt to click and collect for free if you spend £40 or more. Usual Sainsbury's home delivery is free for orders over £100 booked for delivery on Monday to Thursday after 2pm.
There is a £25 minimum order value on any grocery order and any purchases for £40 or more will be charged a delivery fee of between £1 and £7. While any orders under £40 will be charged a maximum delivery fee of £7.
Alternatively, the anytime delivery pass costs £35, which works out at £5.83 a month, and allows users to book a delivery a day, at their chosen time slot (that includes one-hour delivery) - making it even easier to get the dreaded food shop done over a busy weekend or evening.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has defended the use of grid girls after current bosses decided to end their use at races.
The 87-year-old ex-Formula One Group chief executive has been critical of the sport's American owners Liberty Media, who declared that the practice of employing grid girls was "at odds with modern day societal norms" on Wednesday and have scrapped their use with immediate effect.
The move follows a similar decision made by the Professional Darts Corporation last month and has put other sports in the spotlight, with boxing, UFC and cycling all still hiring glamorous women to entertain crowds at events.
But Ecclestone said in an interview with Sky News: "These girls did nothing harmful to anybody. They were smartly dressed. We might as well say we don't want people to go to a fashion show because, basically, that's what happened. 'It isn't appropriate or relevant': F1 to stop using walk-on grid girls for 2018 season
(Image: AFP)
These girls did nothing harmful to anybody.
"Sponsors wanted to see the people that represented them very smartly dressed, which is what they did.
"I thought people enjoyed seeing the girls and they were necessary really, because when a driver wants to get on to the grid it's much better and easier for them to know their place where they need to stop."
Ecclestone also talked of the commercial benefits to the sport, adding: "We used to charge the sponsors for allowing them to have their girls on the grid dressed really nice so people would take notice of them. I don't remember any of the girls being forced to do any of these things."
Some grid girls have been hitting back at what they perceive to be an invasion of their right to make their own decisions.
(Image: Reuters)
Rebecca Cooper, who describes herself as a "five-time F1 grid girl", wrote on Twitter: "So the inevitable has happened, F1 grid girls have been banned.
"Ridiculous that women who say they are 'fighting for women's rights' are saying what others should and shouldn't do, stopping us from doing a job we love and are proud to do. PC gone mad."
Another grid girl, Lauren-Jade Pope, wrote: "Because of these feminists, they've cost us our jobs! I have been a grid girl for eight years and I have never felt uncomfortable! I love my job, if I didn't I wouldn't do it! No one forces us to do this! This is our choice!"
(Image: LAWRENCE LUSTIG)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Others, however, have hailed F1's ban as a step in the right direction.
Melinda Messenger, who said she worked as a grid girl for the Jordan team for around four years, told The Wright Stuff on Channel 5: "I actually think this is a good thing. I think it's a sign that we're heading in a really positive direction.
"I personally had a great time, I made some good money out of it, I had fun but really, looking back, essentially all I was there for was decoration and I think that's the issue.
"I think we are changing and we're moving forward."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City travel to Bolton Wanderers tonight in the Sky Bet Championship tonight as Lee Johnson's side look to make it back-to-back wins.
Sky have announced that they will be showing the match for FREE on their new channel, Sky Sports Mix.
The channel often shows golf and international cricket, alongside documentaries, but tonight the match at the Macron Stadium will take centre-stage.
Here's all you need to know about how to watch the game.
What time is kick-off?
This match will take place on Friday, February 2.
The game will be held at Macron Stadium with kick-off at 8pm.
What TV channel is Bolton vs Bristol City on?
The game will be shown live on Sky Sports Football and Sky Sports Mix.
Coverage will begin at 19.30pm.
How do I watch it for free?
Sky Sports Mix can be found on channel 407 for Sky TV customers.
Subscribers to Virgin can watch on channel 507.
The channel is FREE for all Sky TV subscribers.
What about if you don't have a Sky subscription?
Those without a Sky subscription can watch the game from just £2.
By purchasing a Sky Sports Day Pass from Now TV through this link on TopCashback, new customers will receive a £5 return on their £6.99 purchase.
No contract is required and neither is a set-top box as NOW TV is supported on most smart phones, tablets, computers and consoles.
Simply click the links at the bottom of the TopCashback website's Now TV deals list and shop through the Now TV website as you normally would.
KITCHENER — Police are looking to identify a man after six woman reported being inappropriately touched by a man on a bicycle in Kitchener.
The first report was made on June 12 at 11:10 a.m.
A woman was walking in the parking lot at Fairview Park mall when a man riding a bike approached her from behind, touched her, and rode away, said Waterloo Regional Police .
Another woman called police on June 13 at 4:30 a.m. after she was walking near Alpine Plaza on Ottawa Street and the man, on a bicycle, approached her from behind, touched her inappropriately and fled.
Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
SPRINGDALE, Ark. - Along I-49 in Springdale, a stand labeled gluten-free fireworks is catching the eye of many drivers.
Adam Keeley and his dad are the owners of Pinnacle Fireworks based in Northwest Arkansas.
The two co-owners wanted to set themselves apart from other stands in the area by bringing some humor to their customers.
Adam Keeley anticipates his busiest day to be on the Fourth, but he has had a steady flow of customers all week.
"A lot of the people that come in want to crack a joke right along with you," Adam Keeley said. "Every now and then you will get someone that comes in and says so fireworks are supposed to be gluten-free right? Have I been buying fireworks that have gluten? So then I say no no they are gluten-free. It is just a little fun."
Another additional feature is each fireworks package has a QR Code.
It is an app you can scan on your phone to see a video of what the fireworks will look like.
1 /6
Some nights, the regular staples like curry and rice, or a salad, suffice. And sometimes, our taste buds crave some delectable cuisine, prepared by chefs with superior skills, straight out of the kitchen of some of the finest whereabouts in town. While you might be an expert to find greasy, local Chinese or some spicy biryani, where do you head, when you're looking forward to a one-of-a-kind gourmet experience? Well, we've got you covered. Today, we present to you a list of 5 places you can enjoy some of the best gourmet food.
Hakasan
Serving modern Cantonese coupled with unmatched service, Hakkasan has been identified as one of the finest restaurants by connoisseurs worldwide. With hints of Chinoiserie decadence, Hakkasan transports you to an exotic, faraway place. The restaurant offers exquisite dining experiences with its chefs, cuisine, design and ingredients selected and sourced from around the world, with China being at the heart of it all. The cuisine is a modern take on classic Cantonese and the design features Chinese touches throughout. This combination of high-end design, modern techniques, Chinese influences and Michelin-starred cuisine is a revelation.
London Taxi
The food at London Taxi is a modern global inspired cuisine. The dishes have bold, clean and unique flavors without any heavy use of molecular gastronomy. Chef Nagraj Bhat is Chef of The Year, Food Guide Awards & has worked with three Michelin star restaurants in UK.
Yautcha
Yauatcha, Mumbai, catapulted into the hearts and minds of the culinary capital since it opened in 2011. The Indian outpost of the Michelin starred Dim sum teahouse from London sits pretty in the commercial precinct of Bandra Kurla Complex. Serving contemporary Cantonese cuisine, the wide selection of authentic dim sums soon made the restaurant the inevitable talk of the town. Living up to its Michelin standards of food quality and service, Yauatcha redefined the offering of Cantonese cuisine in the city.
Farzi
Focusing on the gourmet diner as well as the youth of India, Farzi Café aims to bring Indian cuisine back in-vogue. “Farzi” can have many connotations, but at Farzi Café, it has just one, “creating an illusion” with its cuisine. Best described as a gourmet experience, it amalgamates traditional global and Indian classics, with Indian influences, contemporary presentations, culinary styles and ambiance. It is a quirky, chic, modern Indian café, where guests enjoy a sensory experience through the finest modern Indian cuisine, with a high energy ambiance. Infusing a generous dose of Indian flavours, Farzi Café presents Indian cuisine where culinary art meets the alchemy of modern presentations and cooking techniques like molecular gastronomy to absorb the guest into the ultimate gastronomic illusion.
The Leela – Le Cirque
At Le Cirque Signature, Chef Lorenzo curates an eclectic mix of Le Cirque classics complemented by his own unique creations. He is known for crafting a grand experience and swears by giving a modern twist to traditional food. The hotspot is a must-try!
Gourmet food is enjoyable only when the overall experience is a good one. There are a lot of factors that add or take away from this. The Johnnie Walker Gourmet Experiences, is one such guarantee, where The Everest of whiskies is expertly paired with the finest meals, to ensure amplified taste. Try it, today!
When China's Ships Come In
Enlarge this image NPR NPR
When China's Ships Come In When China's Ships Come In Listen · 8:31 8:31
The Port of Long Beach is one of the biggest ports in the country. It and its neighbor, the Port of Los Angeles, handle 390 billion dollars worth of goods every year.
And business has boomed as the economy has improved. U.S. consumers bought more stuff; ships started getting bigger to meet demand; the Port of Long Beach invested billions.
Seventy percent of the ships that dock at the port come from China. So talk of a trade war has everybody's attention down on the docks.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
Is The Warning That Creatine's Not For Teens Getting Through?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tara Moore/Getty Images Tara Moore/Getty Images
Creatine, a chemical constituent of meat and fish that's legally been sold online, in supermarkets, health food stores and vitamin shops for at least a couple of decades, may be the most commonly used muscle-building supplement marketed.
But the safety and effectiveness of creatine hasn't been rigorously analyzed by the Food and Drug Administration in the way that drugs are evaluated. And while proponents argue that the supplement's long history of use by many athletes suggests it's relatively safe for healthy adults, pediatricians warn that it's unclear whether the supplement might harm the growing muscles and bones of kids and teens. That hasn't been studied.
The American Academy of Pediatrics specifically recommends against its use by adolescents, and most of the flavored powders, tablets, energy bars and drink mixes containing creatine bear warning labels that the supplement is not recommended for anyone under 18.
Even so, use of the supplement among teens seems to be rising, particularly among young male athletes. Researchers at the Steven and Alexandra Cohen Children's Medical Center of New York wondered whether retailers were appropriately cautioning high schoolers and middle schoolers not to take the stuff.
So they did a little survey: A 20-year-old undergraduate, a member of the research team, called 244 health food stores across the U.S., posing as a 15-year-old football player seeking to increase his muscle strength. In each phone call he asked workers at the stores for their recommendations about which, if any supplements he should take.
More than two thirds of the sales associates recommended creatine to the caller — despite the label clearly warning against its use by young people. The researchers published their findings in in the February 2017 issue of the journal, Pediatrics.
"The biggest concern for teens is the potential impurity of the supplement," says Dr. Michelle LaBotz, a pediatrician in private practice who specializes in sports medicine and co-authored the cautionary position paper on creatine for the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Sports Medicine & Fitness.
Because the FDA only lightly regulates dietary supplements, LaBotz explains, the purity of these creatine products cannot be assured; some have been found to be contaminated with other substances, including testosterone, which can impair a child's ability to grow and develop bone.
The body is an "amazing machine which functions, for the most part, beautifully on its own," says Dr. Ruth Lynn Milanaik, who led the study.
"There's no need to rush the game of muscle mass, which can be added slowly and healthfully through clean living, a good diet and exercise," Milanaik tells Shots.
LaBotz says a solid, strength training program can increase a teen's strength by 30 percent or more in 12 weeks, and is far more effective than taking creatine.
Milanaik says her findings should be considered a "call to arms" for parents, coaches, pediatricians and retailers, to address and discuss potential risk of supplement use, especially with adolescent athletes.
Enter before midnight on Monday, June 4 for the chance to win a pair of tickets to KXT 91.7 Presents Belle and Sebastian at The Bomb Factory on Sunday, June 17. A winner will be chosen and notified by 5pm CT on Tuesday, June 5. Official KXT contest rules can be found here. Good luck!
Fill out my online form
Marine minute
I'm Sergeant Cedric Haller with your Marine Minute.
Fleet Week New York 2018 came to a conclusion with the ships departing New York Harbor, May 29th. Events took place across the city as New Yorkers opened their home to America's sea services for the 30th year. National television shows, such as "Fox and Friends", hosted several events, including obstacle courses and the annual Fleet Week Tug-o-War. The USO partnered with different organizations throughout the city, providing unique opportunities to service members like “Operation That's My Dress” and a tour of the NFL headquarters. Marines and Sailors partnered with Habitat for Humanity to build affordable housing, and yet again the Marine's Battle Color Detachment stole the city's hearts with their amazing performance in Times Square. Thank you New York, and look forward to next year's Fleet Week New York for more unique opportunities to interact with the nation's sea services.
That's it for your Marine Minute, for more news around the Corps go to Marines.mil; Remember to never drive distracted, we need you in the fight!
The Jackson Women's Health Organization is the state's sole abortion clinic.
File/The Clarion-Ledger
JACKSON, Miss. — A woman went into labor and delivered a baby at the state's only abortion clinic, officials said.
A patient on her consultation visit, whose name was not released, went into labor as she awaited an ultrasound to see how far along she was in her pregnancy, said Shannon Brewer, director of Jackson Women's Health Organization.
The clinic in the state's capital city is the only place in Mississippi where abortions are performed. Mississippi has a population of almost 3 million people, including about 1 million women of child-bearing age.
A clinic doctor delivered the baby, Brewer said. The mother and daughter were transported to a local hospital after the birth and are in good health.
► May 29: Supreme Court lets Arkansas abortion restrictions stand for now
► May 26: Irish voters overwhelmingly repeal decades-old ban on abortion
► May 15: Planned Parenthood, ACLU sues to block Iowa fetal heartbeat abortion law
The clinic keeps the age and name of its patients confidential for safety reasons and did not release the gestational age of the baby.
Under Mississippi law, getting an abortion after 16 weeks is illegal.
Follow Justin Vicory on Twitter: @justinvicory
Related
► May 4: Iowa bans nearly all abortions as governor signs 'fetal heartbeat' law
► April 20: Judge rules Indiana abortion law signed by Pence unconstitutional
► April 12: ACLU sues Kentucky over new ban of abortion procedure
► March 30: Nebraska close to defunding abortion providers, Planned Parenthood
► March 20: Judge blocks Mississippi's 15-week abortion ban from going into effect
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By Badea Abu Al-Naja
MAKKAH – Prince Khaled Al-Faisal, emir of Makkah and advisor to Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, was briefed on the plans and activities of the Makkah Traffic Safety Committee to enhance traffic safety, especially during the peak Haj and Umrah seasons. Chairing the first meeting of the committee, which was created under the Executive Committee of Makkah Region Development Authority, at the governorate office in Makkah on Monday, Prince Khaled underlined the need to take all steps to improve traffic safety programs in the region.
The meeting discussed implementation of traffic strategic plans in Makkah region in general and the holy city in particular. According to a presentation made at the meeting, the committee's missions include working out an advanced system to collect and analyze all the information related to traffic safety and public transport, and build a traffic map with a focus on information on major roads and intersections that witness heavy traffic congestion and prone to accidents.
The committee is also tasked to coordinate with the concerned agencies in implementing a strategic plan for traffic in major cities in the region.
The committee is also entrusted to forward proposals with regard to improve road networks in major cities, enhancing traffic awareness among citizens in addition to other relevant measures. It also contributes to raise the standard of medical care and ambulance services in the region.
Big Business Pushes Coal-Friendly Kentucky To Embrace Renewables
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jennifer Ludden/NPR Jennifer Ludden/NPR
Kevin Butt's job is to find cleaner ways to power Toyota. One of the hardest places to do that is at the automaker's sprawling plant in central Kentucky, a state where nearly 90 percent of energy still comes from coal.
Butt points out a new engine assembly line, where a conveyor belt moves in a slow circle. He says it was specially designed with a more efficient motor. There are also enormous fans overhead and LED lights, all changes that save millions.
"I mean, what company doesn't want to reduce their energy bill," he says.
That's the business case for going green. And in a lot of places around the country, solar and wind are now the cheapest energy option. But a few years ago, Toyota decided that by 2050 all of its operations, all around the world, should be zero-carbon.
It's part of a larger business shift. In Kentucky, General Motors, Ford, Walmart, L'Oréal and others also have big goals to reduce emissions. Even the state's beloved bourbon makers are starting to look at renewables.
"There's not enough renewable energy being manufactured right now for all of us to do what we say we want to do," Butt says.
That's true globally, he says, and it's especially true in Kentucky, where people like to say coal isn't just the economy, it's the culture.
"We're a coal state, we're proud to be a coal state, we're sentimental about our attachment to coal," says Charles Snavely, secretary of Kentucky's Energy and Environment Cabinet.
Before this job, Snavely spent 35 years in the coal industry. His office is now working with companies — he calls them customers — to help develop renewable energy. But Snavely says he struggles with whether "the growth of renewables [comes] at the expense of coal. Is it a bigger pie, or is someone taking a slice of our pie?"
Kentucky, unlike many other states, has no mandate to require a certain share of renewable energy. The state joined two dozen others in a lawsuit challenging President Barack Obama's signature climate policy, the Clean Power Plan, which would have shuttered hundreds of coal-fired power plants. Snavely says coal built his state's economy, creating some of the cheapest power in the country.
"We have industries in Kentucky that would not be here if we didn't have such low electricity rates," he says.
President Trump's order to start dismantling the climate regulation was a victory for Kentucky. And yet, it may not do much to stop the steady decline of coal.
"The future is renewables and the large corporations that want renewables," says Jim Gardner, who used to regulate power companies as a member of Kentucky's Public Service Commission.
Two years ago, Gardner was struck by an encounter with a local man who worked remotely for Facebook. He told Gardner that big corporations were actually deciding where to expand based on where they could get renewable energy.
"He made it seem like there was literally a list with a lot of states with big X's marked in," says Gardner, "so that Facebook and others were not looking because [some states] were not going to be open to renewables."
The Public Service Commission worried the state was missing out. It quietly issued an official statement — "a clear signal to people outside of the state," says Gardner — that if a big customer wanted renewable energy, Kentucky's utilities could cut a special deal to provide it.
That gave utilities permission to offer renewable energy. But they still face challenges to produce it.
The state's cheap coal makes it harder for renewables to compete, and to see a return on investment. What's more, Kenya Stump, of the Energy and Environment Cabinet, says Kentucky has only moderate potential for solar power, and not much at all for wind. She says hydro power holds the most promise.
Stump is working with companies that want to develop renewable power, but she doesn't foresee a major spike anytime soon. "Right now renewables are starting to compete on costs, but not reliability," she says. But she adds that once battery technology develops and solar or wind power can be stored, "all bets are off."
Kentucky's utilities are also highly regulated. An energy activist says he's been heartened by a shift in the state's attitude, but thinks officials could do a lot more to encourage renewables.
"The sun in Kentucky is as strong as it is in North Carolina and Ohio and New York, where the solar industry is employing tens of thousands of people," says Andy McDonald of the Kentucky Solar Energy Society. "Kentucky is not limited by our resources; it's limited by our policies."
None of those challenges is stopping a slow transition.
"This tract is about 60 acres," says David Crews, standing in a freshly mowed field where East Kentucky Power Cooperative is about to install 32,000 solar panels. It will be one of the state's first utility-scale solar farms, and it's there by popular demand — from businesses. Crew says some companies don't mind paying a bit more to meet their sustainability goals.
East Kentucky Power has no plans to build another coal plant. Crew says just because the new president doesn't want to limit carbon emissions, doesn't mean the next one won't.
"The seesawing of regulations when we're trying to make a 50-year investment, it will drive you crazy," he says. "And that wouldn't be good for our customer base."
The utility is marketing its new solar farm, and if demand is strong enough Crews says it will add more panels.
At Toyota's plant in central Kentucky, Kevin Butt envisions installing solar panels on the roof. The company is also researching fuel cell technology, seeking the breakthrough that could help it eliminate carbon emissions. But for now, he's getting creative about finding renewable energy where he can.
He drives me down a rutted dirt road, through towering brown hills. It's a landfill, and here and there, things stick up.
"The black tube coming out," he says pointing, "it's a methane capture well."
The methane is released as the trash rots. When it goes into the air, methane is a dirty greenhouse gas, but last year Toyota set up a generator here to turn it into clean electricity. The power is sent through an underground line, straight to the Toyota plant 6 miles away, bypassing the local utility altogether.
"They either have to put it in their system," Butt says, "or people will be looking at alternate ways to get that energy in a renewable form."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde is wary of the threat Alvaro Morata will pose when the Catalan giants take on Chelsea in their Champions League last-16 tie.
The pair were drawn together in Monday's draw to write another chapter of an entertaining European Cup history, including memorable moments for Ronaldinho, Andres Iniesta and Fernando Torres.
Valverde is under no illusion of the size of the task facing his side, and pinpoints Morata as a key player for the Blues as they bid to make the last eight.
"It's a tough draw for us because of the magnitude of the opposition," he said.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Chelsea are champions of the Premier League but we're excited about the tie, even though it will be difficult. Chelsea is a strong and physical team, with a clear tactical system in place.
"They take advantage of the physical nature of the Premier League well.
"With the signing of Morata they've added pace in attack, while (Eden) Hazard is very good between the lines."
Welcome to Mega Buzz, your go-to place for the latest and greatest spoilers on your favorite TV shows. We know you have questions, and we have answers! If you're craving scoop on something in particular, e-mail us your question at mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide. You can also catch up on all the latest Mega Buzz right here!
As Chicago P.D.'s Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer) continues to struggle with PTSD stemming from his time in Afghanistan, he'll have a shoulder to lean on with his partner, Hailey Upton (Tracy Spiridakos). But could their close friendship lead to something more?
"It's possible," showrunner Rick Eid tells TV Guide. "For now, Upton's a smart character and a smart, strong woman. And I think right now it's about being partners and being a good partner and I don't think, given the state of mind Halstead's in, she's necessarily interested romantically at all. I think she's just trying to be a good friend and a good partner."
While Halstead's current predicament has them both distracted from romance, that doesn't mean the two won't advance their relationship to something beyond friendship in the near future. "I think sometimes romance blossoms from strong friendships, and there's a chance that that's what could happen," Eid teases.
And as we've learned from the past, stressful situations tend to bring people closer together.
Chicago P.D. airs Wednesdays at 10/9c on NBC.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hero MP scrambled into action today after a smoke bomb went off in the Ukrainian parliament.
The grenade was tossed into the chamber in the middle of a fraught confrontation over the conflict ravaging Eastern Ukraine.
More than 10,000 people are reported to have died in the conflict, which has seen forces under the command of President Petro Poroshenko fight separatist groups backed by Russia.
There were scuffles between MPs in the chamber, as MPs voted to gave preliminary approval to two bills that would restore sovereignty to separatist-held areas in Donetsk and Luhansk, on the Russian border.
Quick-thinking MP Andiry Teteruk ran towards the black billowing smoke, grabbed the still-sparking grenade and ran out of the room within moments of the bomb going off.
Another MP, Volodymyr Ariev wrote on Facebook: "It was a combat-type smoke grenade, which in no case can be used in closed premises. Had Teteruk not thrown it out of the session hall, this could have led to a tragedy, especially given that there were children on excursion sitting on the balcony at that time."
It's not known who threw the grenade, but there were claims it was ignited by a member of the Russian-loyalist Svoboda party.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Blue Planet II viewers were moved to tears as David Attenborough released a little turtle back into the sea in heartwarming footage.
Seen putting the turtle carefully back on the sand in last night's BBC programme, Attenborough says: "Good luck little leatherback".
The little creature then slowly creeps into the sea, after the special farewell.
Viewers took to Twitter to express how adorable they thought the footage was, with some saying it 'made their week'.
Jess Bergman said: "Weeping at the image of 91-year-old David Attenborough gently releasing a baby leatherback turtle into the ocean."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
A Twitter user called Cameron added: "David Attenborough holding a turtle hatchling is the most precious thing."
Emma Moules said: "Good Luck, little Leatherback" Perfect words by Sir David Attenborough on tonight's final BluePlanet2.
"Although my illustration isn't a Leatherback Turtle, our duty is to look after all species as Sir David urges not just because he says so, but for the future of our planet."
(Image: BBC)
Another added: "Seeing David Attenborough holding that little Turtle is all i need on a Sunday night."
And another said: "Rarely have I seen anything quite as touching as David Attenborough helping a baby turtle into the sea with the words ‘good luck little leatherback'."
It is feared more than a million birds and 100,000 sea mammals and turtles die every year because they have eaten or been tangled in plastic waste.
With ratings above 14 million, Blue Planet II is the year's big­­gest TV hit.
The first episode was seen by 2.3 million people aged 16-34, a million more than saw The X Factor that night.
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. He came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Warmer, drier conditions are in store for much of the nation over coming months, but winter has not been cancelled, the Bureau of Meteorology says.
The bureau on Thursday released its climate outlook for June to August, forecasting winter days and nights are likely to be warmer-than-average for most of Australia.
Only far north Queensland and the Northern Territory were expected to experience average maximum temperatures.
Bureau head of long-range forecasts Andrew Watkins said the warm and dry conditions were due to a high pressure system hovering over the nation, with cold fronts that normally bring rain sitting farther south than normal.
He said while that isn't ideal for farmers, Australia wasn't "locked in" to the conditions for the rest of the year.
"We don't have an El Nino at the moment and we don't have a similar problem in the Indian Ocean," he told reporters in Melbourne on Thursday.
"And that's a good thing - it means we're not necessarily locked in to the dry for the rest of the year.
"We have what we call neutral ENSO conditions, or neutral climate conditions."
Dr Watkins said the country was still waiting for "good rains" to come through and fill dams and reservoirs, noting conditions were "not the best" for starting crops.
"Stream flows are expected to be quite low, meaning rivers and streams in southern Australia are likely to have lower stores than normal," he says.
"It doesn't mean winter has been cancelled by any means - we'll still get rainfall, probably mid-winter and onwards."
Dr Watkins said parts of southern Australia and southern Victoria have had their autumn breaks and hopefully Western Australia would get rain in coming days.
He said unfortunately soils are dry in southern Queensland, but a few cool nights would bring a great start to mango-growing season in Darwin.
Chances of a dry June are greater than 80 per cent for northern Victoria, southern and western NSW and most of SA, while WA's Gascoyne region is also likely to be drier than average.
But plenty of rain is tipped to drench Tasmania, particularly in the east.
Snow season won't start early, but the neutral climate conditions should be good news for snow depths.
The winter outlook follows what the bureau labelled one of Australia's warmest autumns on record and its second-warmest summer on record.
"The past few weeks have certainly been very dry and very warm for southern states," Dr Watkins says.
"Southern Australia is likely to (have had its) second driest on record for autumn, the driest being way back in 1902."
PRESS RELEASE President Trump and Prime Minister Abe Hold Cordial Meeting; Japan Prepared To Build U.S. Infrastructure Feb. 10, 2017 (EIRNS)—President Donald Trump and Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe held a press conference today before traveling together to Mar-a-Lago, Florida, as part of a three-day visit between the two leaders. Abe was one of the first leaders to meet with President Trump after the election, and the two have obviously struck up a very close personal and political relationship. "The chemistry between us is very good," Trump said, "and that's not going to change." Trump called Japan an "important and steadfast ally" and called the U.S.-Japan alliance "the basis of peace in the Pacific region. The United States is Japan's "fully engaged partner" and they will work together on maintaining freedom of navigation. Abe, for his part, said that Japan has built infrastructure all over the world. "We have built factories in the U.S. and can build infrastructure all over the country including high-speed rail." He said Japan could build a maglev between Washington and New York which would get President Trump from his D.C. office to Trump Tower in New York City in one hour! "We will be able to contribute to President Trump's [infrastructure] program," he said, noting that there would be a "cross-technology dialogue" to be held between the two countries, a "New Framework," to be headed buy Vice President Mike Pence and Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso. Abe said: "With the Trump Administration there will be a new genesis of the U.S.-Japan relationship. The Vice President and the Prime Minister will discuss developing relations between the two countries. Treasury and the Finance Ministry will coordinate issues of financial cooperation, in a policy which would contribute to the prosperity of the world." Abe made several comments aimed at confrontation with China, including a call for "freedom of navigation," a criticism of "state backed industries" interfering in "free trade," and concern over "intellectual property rights." However, when a Japanese reporter asked Trump a question which challenged Trump's reversal of Obama's "pivot to Asia," implying that Trump would not defend Asia from "Chinese aggression," Trump did not take the bait. Instead he rep[lied: "I had a very, very good conversation, as most of you know, yesterday with the President of China. It was a very, very warm conversation. I think we are on the process of getting along very well. And I think that will also be very much of a benefit to Japan.... We have conversations with various representatives of China, I believe, that that will all work out very well for everybody—China, Japan, the United States, and everybody in the region."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jonjo Shelvey has admitted that he is seeing a psychologist to help him cope with his disciplinary problems.
The Newcastle midfielder was sent off during the opening day of the Premier League season after standing on Dele Alli's ankle in an act of petulance during the loss to Tottenham.
Shelvey, who was captaining the Magpies, will now miss the next three matches.
Former England international Shelvey, 25, has revealed that he has been seeing a psychologist since he was shown red at Nottingham Forest last season.
Shelvey was dismissed for an off-the-ball clash with Henri Lansbury.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
He was also banned for five matches later in the season after details emerged of a foul-mouthed rant during a game against Wolves.
Speaking to the Daily Mail before the Spurs incident, Shelvey said: "Look, sometimes I just need to reign in it in on the football pitch. I need to just shut up and stuff. I need to not get involved and walk away.
"I started to see a psychologist last year to work on the mental side of things. It was after the Forest game. I was sent off.
"I had kicked out at this lad and it was just childish."
Shelvey was slammed by commentators and pundits for his actions on Sunday.
(Image: CameraSport via Getty)
(Image: AFP)
Rafa Benitez also revealed following the game that he was considering stripping him of the captaincy.
Benitez said: “We will see in the future. It is too early. He knows he has made a mistake and he apologised in the dressing room."
Sky pundit Graeme Souness, the former Newcastle boss, said Shelvey was to blame for the defeat as it was goalless when he saw red.
Souness said: “He's gone from captain to clown in the space of ten seconds.”
Multimedia Plus, the company behind app-based communications platform Incite, has debuted its newest addition to its suite of solutions, Incite Publisher 2.0. The platform delivers enhanced publishing opportunities to store associates — a timely facet given the pressure placed on in-store workers to engage with shoppers for optimal brand experiences.
“We have taken activities that used to require our programmers to manually code and put them directly into our clients' hands. This offers retailers a true advantage in terms of speed for publishing time-sensitive information and a significant cost savings,” said David Harouche, chief executive officer and chief technology officer of Multimedia Plus.
Extending training and informational material via the app, the newest edition allows retailers to update the app in multiple languages via drag-and-drop interfaces.
“Incite provides sales associates with ongoing, day-to-day updates and offensive skill-building and brand strategies required in today's fast-paced world of in-store retail,” a company spokesman said. “Key areas of communication include product knowledge, new up-selling and cross-selling opportunities, problem-solving techniques, professional and management development, the latest corporate announcements and other communications, as part of the programs delivered by MMP on behalf of clients.”
In addition to enhanced management tools, Incite 2.0 additionally issues real-time metrics ranging from receipt of communication and quiz completion. To date, Incite has delivered more than one million programs and five million modules to store associates in 22 countries, the spokesman said.
As retailers and brands are tasked with reaching consumers across all touch points — digital and in-store — ensure that store associates are armed with real-time product information and other deep customer analytics is a crucial component of ensuring shoppers encounter a consistent, seamless journey. On the front lines of consumer engagement, store associates who are well-versed in brand offerings have the opportunity to not only bolster brand loyalty, but also grow revenue.
Multimedia Plus clients range from Solstice Sunglasses to Tiffany & Co. to Bare Minerals, Brooks Bothers and Armani, among others.
More from WWD:
Consumers are Evolving Rapidly, How Should Brands Respond?
Retailers Stumble in Delivering Seamless Consumers Experiences
Facebook Predicted to Lose 2.1 Million Users in 2018
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been filmed popping his own cyst at home instead of going to have it drained at hospital.
The stomach churning footage shows impatient Frederic Ward squeezing she skin around the boil as puss flows down his jaw.
The 23-year-old was suffering with a huge staphylococcus infection and saw it growing to its mammoth size in just four days.
It was so large that Frederic said he could even feel it throbbing on his jawline.
So wanting to rid himself of the angry cyst, he decided to take on the DIY job and took to his bathroom in Ontario, Canada.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
His curious friends filmed the makeshift procedure which saw Frederic prodding, squeezing and even using tweezers to try and pull out the infection.
In the four minute clip his pals can even be heard retching and grimacing as the bloody puss bubbles out of his skin.
Frederic can also be seen wincing in pain as he tells his friends: "It hurts so bad."
His friend then says: "There are tons in there - I'm going to throw up."
And although he is unable to clear it completely, as the sac was still partially hanging from his face, he did manage to reduce the swelling.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
The 23-year-old said: "I'm not sure what caused the infection and it's still being investigated.
"This one appeared four days before we shot the video.
"I decided to drain it myself once it appeared ready.
"I have had 10 or so of these exact infections and didn't want to go and wait at the hospital again as I was already being prescribed proper antibiotics by my doctor."
He added: "I continue to see doctors as this is a chronic issue for me.
"My initial draining was unsuccessful as there was a visible build-up outside of the growth.
"It has fully cleared up and left little to no scarring.
"It was extremely painful to the touch and would throb as the days went on."
Today's modern CIOs face a set of expectations, opportunities, and challenges that have grown tremendously over the last decade. This fundamentally revolves around one question “How can IT provide value for the business?”
In conjunction with emerging technologies are the challenges of managing people, process and compliance. Wrapped around all of this is the concept of security. What “security” means for an organisation has changed dramatically over the last several years.
Check out our list of the best internet security suites 2018
Historically, security was viewed as an operational task. Companies had a firewall, anti-virus software, and maybe an IPS (Intrusion Prevention System). Things have changed tremendously since then. The role of the CSO (Chief Security Officer) or CISO (Chief Information Security Officer) has been created specifically to tackle these challenges. This role was responsible for protecting the organisation from the ever-increasing cyber threats and/or data breaches.
In addition to the many other responsibilities of CIOs, they also need to be part CSO. In the same way the CIO is responsible for their budget to the CFO, they must also learn and embrace mature security postures. While the CSO and security team are the experts in emerging threats, CIOs must now structure a general degree of awareness and competence across the organisation.
The threats businesses face today are unique in that they are fluid and ever-changing. Every week there is a new story of a data breach or compromise, and we know what is publicly disclosed is just the tip of the iceberg.
Every business vertical has data that would be financially damaging if made public. Whether this is intellectual property for chemical manufacturing, to patient person information in healthcare, to client financial information in banking, to stolen credit card information in retail, security has become a boardroom conversation because of how it impacts the bottom line.
Enforcing the basics
Modern CIOs have an important role in ensuring the private business data remains private. This happens in conjunction with the CSO/CISO and audit/compliance. Too many of today's compromises happen opportunistically because basics are not enforced.
Ensure systems are patched in a timely manner. Too much malware exists for known and patched exploits.
Proper identity management, no shared accounts, use good passwords.
Ensure firewalls are truly the least privilege. Don't have Windows systems with RDP open from the Internet and lock down outgoing connections.
Encrypt all endpoints, its free, use it. Too many data breaches have come from lost hard drives or devices.
While these seem like fundamentals, they can go a long way towards improving your organisation's security posture.
The next level is generally driven more from the security team's guidance, but requires a significant amount of operational support and integration. This is where things get much more interesting strictly from a technologist perspective.
How do we deploy IPS (Intrusion Prevention System), WAF (Web Application Firewall), and other layer 7 type security in a way that is effective?
How do I do this in a world where most traffic is encrypted?
How do we put in place a SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) solution that will aggregate logs from every point of technology and be able to run real time threat intelligence and machine learning on this data?
How do I enable two-factor authentications on every piece of my environment?
I must assume that I am either already breached, or will be in the future. How do I lower my mean time to detection of a breach?
If a malware was sending out stolen data hidden in DNS queries, would I know?
The challenge is two-fold. First, while technology exists to solve all the problems above, it also comes with a significant price tag. Second, if you have the resources to procure this technology, the operational human time to both deploy and manage all this technology can be overwhelming.
Today's modern CIO has a plethora of new challenges to face around security, while still advancing business capabilities to generate revenue. Modern agile development cycles in conjunction with best of breed security. CIOs can make a big impact driving and enforcing security basics around patching, good firewall management, and training.
Today's security expectations require a strong relationship between CSOs and CIOs. In many cases, a professional service provider adds a significant amount of value in an organisation's ability to deploy and get value from new technology that is continuously developed and released.
In summary, focus on the basics and do not be afraid to leverage experts for utilising emerging technologies.
Sean Donaldson is CTO at Secure-24. He has a strong technological background from over 15 years of developing world-class infrastructure solutions and critical application management.
STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED.
Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox
Invalid Email
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You might remember a rude but funny quote in Peep Show about lending things to people.
One part of the joke sees character Mark Corrigan say something along the lines of: '...you can't ask for anything less than a fiver back'.
Is this true? For most people, probably yes. But there are a few among us who live by stricter, tighter rules.
Go out for dinner with them and you won't be splitting the bill if they have a £14 Caesar salad and you splash out on a £16.50 steak frites.
What's reasonable in this treacherous field was recently brought up by US writer Nicole Cliffe.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Nicole was talking specifically about Venmo, an app that lets you send and receive money via your phone. If you've got an account and friends in place, it's a handy way of transferring cash.
But some people get petty about things. If you can't ask for the £4.65 for the pint back in person, maybe you can through the app...
Nicole got some amazing responses. Here are a few of them:
There are loads more. Check out Nicole's brilliant tweet thread .
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal is urging Congress to pass the “Dream Act” to permit thousands of undocumented students with conditional residency in the United States.
“Dreamers” is the term that refers to undocumented young people that were brought to this country illegally when they were very young and now want to make their life here. One estimate places the number of “dreamers” in the state at 8,000, another places it at 10,000.
Nationwide, the estimates range from 700,000 to 800,000. Several dreamers joined Blumenthal Monday urge that Congress pass the so-called “Dream Act” before the end of the year.
The proposal would allow the “dreamers” conditional residency in the U.S., and after meeting certain qualifications they could achieve permanent residency.
The “dreamers” had been covered by something called DACA (The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) implemented during the Obama Administration but President Trump has decided to eliminate it.
The Village of Lindenhurst has postponed a planned vote on an apartment complex that would be the largest project in the village's history.
The village board of trustees had planned a special meeting Tuesday to vote on rezoning 7 acres across from the Lindenhurst Long Island Rail Road station from industrial and residential to Downtown Redevelopment District.
The latter zoning was created by the village last year. Tritec Real Estate of East Setauket has proposed building a 260-unit multifamily rental complex called The Lindenhurst Residences on the site on East Hoffman Avenue between South Smith Street and South Pennsylvania Avenue.
Officials announced that because of an illness in Mayor Mike Lavorata's family, the vote has been postponed until the board's scheduled meeting on May 1 at 7:30 p.m. The meeting will take place at Village Hall, 430 S. Wellwood Ave.
A decision on whether to grant planning permission for 425 homes to be built on land near Burton Green will no longer be made tonight (Tuesday April 24).
The plan for the homes on land between Westwood Heath Road, Bockendon Road and Cromwell Lane has been removed from Warwick District Council planning committee's agenda.
According to the council's deputy monitoring officer Graham Leach, a new Scheduled Ancient Monument has been found near the site, causing the withdrawal of the application.
Before this information came to light, council officers had recommended the plans for approval despite several objections.
U.S. Air Force Master Sgt. Andre Lazaro, engine test cell supervisor with the 177th Fighter Wing of the New Jersey Air National Guard, points to a fan rotor speed indicator while Tech. Sgt. Robert Taylor, propulsion mechanic, prepares to fire up an engine from an F-16C+ Fighting Falcon for testing at the propulsion shop's engine test cell facility located at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base in Egg Harbor Township, N.J. on Jan. 31, 2017. The facility, also known as the "Hush House", is a multi-function building that can be used to perform diagnostic, troubleshooting and follow-on maintenance testing of the General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan, which produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner and can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound. (U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt. Andrew J. Moseley/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID: 3165535 VIRIN: 170131-Z-YH452-032 Resolution: 3000x2003 Size: 4.17 MB Location: EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NJ, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Air National Guardsmen utilize multi-function engine test cell facility [Image 1 of 9], by MSgt Andrew Moseley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
After Diesel Scandal, VW Turns To New Leadership And Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fabian Bimmer/Reuters Fabian Bimmer/Reuters
Volkswagen is trying yet again to turn the page after its emissions cheating scandal — leaving diesel behind in favor of electric cars.
The major shift comes as the German automaker — the world's largest in terms of cars sold — has a new leader in Herbert Diess.
The company admitted to installing "cheat devices" that covered up how polluting its diesel vehicles were. Michael Horn, who was then the CEO of Volkswagen Group of America, took to a Brooklyn stage in 2015 for what would be the first of many apologies by company leaders.
"Our company was dishonest with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board and with all of you," Horn said. "And in my German words, we have totally screwed up."
Business Volkswagen Agrees To $14.7 Billion Settlement In Emissions Cheating Scandal Volkswagen Agrees To $14.7 Billion Settlement In Emissions Cheating Scandal Listen · 3:31 3:31
To fix the "screw-up," VW has paid more than $20 billion in fines and settlements. There are still ongoing investigations in Europe. Last week, German authorities raided the headquarters of Porsche (a Volkswagen subsidiary) on suspicion of fraud and the manipulation of diesel emissions tests.
Jake Fisher, director of auto testing at Consumer Reports, says the time was almost perfect for VW to steer its business in a new direction.
"They needed to really walk away from diesel," he says. Before the diesel scandal, he says, the company didn't seem that interested in electric cars or fuel economy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Gallup/Getty Images Sean Gallup/Getty Images
VW had an electric car, the e-Golf, but Fisher says it was just window dressing. "They took a Volkswagen Golf, they put some batteries in it and really just did it so ... they could have an electric car," he says.
In many ways, the diesel scandal allowed VW to pivot, he says. It was too heavily invested in diesel technology — and had been for years.
Considering the other brands Volkswagen owns, including Bentley, Porsche or Lamborghini, performance and style have often trumped fuel economy. But that has begun to change.
Matthias Erb, VW's chief engineering officer in North America, says that nearly every brand and segment of the company will get some sort of electric offering.
"Electrification is going to be the powertrain of the future," he says. He admits that as terrible as the VW diesel scandal was for the company, it "supported and accelerated those conversion processes in the direction of electrification."
Joel Levin with Plug In America, a group that advocates for electric car owners, is skeptical about VW's plans.
"All the things that they're talking about and the investments that they're making sound very exciting, but I want to see the cars come out," Levin says. He notes that most major automakers are "talking about making big investments and moving to electric."
Levin has two words for Volkswagen and the others: "Show me."
The Rock dresses as Pikachu to surprise his daugh
Leigh-Anne gets sexy as Little Mix wrap US Tour
Charlotte Crosby jealous of Bear going out during
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE stars Jamie Reed, Jade Lewis and Chloe Meadows were among the revellers at the packed Hackney nightclub where 12 people were injured in an acid attack.
Hundreds fled the terrifying scene after an “unknown corrosive substance” was sprayed at clubbers at a venue in east London.
Around 600 people were at the late-night Easter Sunday party, hosted by dance music promoters LoveJuice in a converted laundry in Hackney.
Jamie Reed's new model girlfriend Jade Lewis tweeted that they were at the bash alongside a short video clip, while club promoter Jamie later retweeted her post.
TOWIE beauty and Megan McKenna 's former best friend Chloe Meadows also shared a post saying she was at the party.
(Photo: FameFlynet)
Meanwhile, the cousin of footballer Jamie O'Hara was one of the 12 acid attack victims.
The former Portsmouth and Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, 30, posted a picture of his relative on Twitter with burn marks on her face.
Jamie, who appeared in Celebrity Big Brother earlier this year and was previously married to model Danielle Lloyd, wrote: "Sick that my cousin got burnt from this acid attack in Hackney, innocent people get injured for the sick act of violence, guy should get life."
(Photo: Splash News)
Police said an argument between two groups escalated when one side sprayed the “unknown corrosive substance” at the other.
Two victims were seriously injured, with another 10 caught up in the melee shortly before 1am.
Emergency services treated 10 patients for burns at the scene before taking them to hospital nearby. Two more arrived at hospital with similar injuries later on.
One witness, who asked not to be named, said: “In the party in the basement there were girls making noise, I saw their friends ordering a bottle of water - they were putting it on them, they were splashing it on their faces.
“It was like a war - the police were everywhere.”
A spokeswoman for London Fire Brigade said: “The only information that we have is that it was an unknown corrosive substance thrown within the nightclub. It was identified by a PH paper test as a strong acidic substance.”
A Met Police spokesman said: “Two of those injured - Victims 1 and 2; both men aged in their 20s - remain in a serious but stable condition. The others were treated for minor injuries.
(Photo: Getty)
“Officers believe a dispute between two groups of people developed inside the venue, resulting in a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2. Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance.
“The substance is yet to be identified, but it is believed to have been acidic.”
The road around the Mangle club, in a basement underneath a restaurant, was closed off and other local businesses locked their doors to allow a hazardous area response team to work around the venue.
Police are still searching for the attacker but said there was nothing to suggest it was gang-related
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British couple say they were ordered off an overbooked eastJet plane within 24 hours of the United Airlines scandal.
Manoj, 38, and Viddha, 35, were asked to leave the EZY2383 flight at Luton on April 10, after paying £678 for their tickets to Catania, Sicily.
The budget airline had sold more tickets than available seats, and so the pair - who asked for their surnames not to be reported- had to go back to the terminal and collect their bags.
They'd also pre-booked £1,270 (€1,500) for accommodation and transfers for their six-day holiday , which they say was non-refundable.
It comes as United Airlines remains under scrutiny following its treatment of passenger David Dao, 69, who was physically dragged off an 'overbooked' flight for refusing to give up his seat.
The resulting altercation left Dao with a broken nose, concussion and needing reconstructive surgery, according to his lawyers, who have said he is likely to sue.
(Photo: Twitter/kaylyn_davis)
After the incident triggered international outrage, United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz apologized to Dao, his family and its customers, saying the carrier would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights.
Manoj told The Independent that his own ordeal on the easyJet flight was "humiliating" and said they were "involuntarily" ordered off the packed plane in front of passengers by two members of staff.
The couple say the airline did not ask for volunteers first, as European regulation requires, nor were they initially offered compensation.
They claim they were offered a flight four days later, but it wouldn't have been worth it.
The pair say they only found out about their rights to compensation after contacting the Independent.
EasyJet has since apologised for the ordeal.
An easyJet spokesman said: "We are very sorry about the situation that the couple experienced due to the overbooking of their flight.
"Whilst they were emailed a link to the web page for EU261 compensation applications and the website clearly outlines our policies, we accept that our agents could have pointed this out more explicitly.
"The circumstances were very unusual and resulted from a manual error at the gate."
He added: "We have listened to our call recordings and at no point did we refuse alternative travel or EU261.
"We want to reassure our customers that we will be providing additional training to our contact centre agents to make sure that future customers are not put through a similar experience.
"This should also have been handled better at the airport on the day so this has been picked up with the individuals concerned.
"We are genuinely sorry for what has happened."
Can't Overcome the DNA
Nobody said Donald Trump wasn't a quick learner. One thing he's learned over the last two weeks is that a commander in chief has much greater freedom of movement in foreign affairs than a president does on domestic affairs.
For better or worse, Trump has learned through the Syrian missile strike and his face-to-face encounters with China and NATO that he can satisfy his impulses and be the Decider-in-Chief on foreign policy without Congress, which I think explains his recent flip-flops on several campaign promises or positions. He can size up a person or opportunity and pivot easily based on new information or exposure to people he previously had not encountered, whereas inside the Beltway he has institutional constraints that are exacerbated by his failings as an administrator in setting up his government.
It's easier to lob missiles for purely political purposes and change your mind about people and entities (Russia, China, and NATO) than it is to get health care reform done before tax reform or infrastructure. But while I am glad that Trump is changing his mind and benefitting from his on-the-job training about foreign relations, his inability to get a domestic agenda off the ground and his self-inflicted wounds in lunging from one issue to another without effect will continue because those failings are in his personal DNA. And the political damage to himself from ditching his base and populist themes and going Wall Street won't help him or his party much next year.
Case in point is the latest news that Trump reversed course yesterday on tax reform and has decided to try again to ram through blowing up the Affordable Care Act first, because he needs the budget savings from throwing millions of people off coverage to finance his tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy (as we predicted weeks ago). Trump also strangely thinks he can force Democrats to negotiate with him by threatening to kill the health benefit exchanges through his own actions, a belief that polls already indicate is a sure-fire loser.
Because Trump cannot handle losing, especially on anything with Obama's name tied to it, he decides instead to squander whatever domestic political capital he has left to pursue something so clearly damaging to him and his party on the false assumption that his increased poll numbers from the missile strike give him cover to try again on health care. There aren't enough missile strikes out there to overcome failures on the ACA, tax reform, infrastructure, and his populist wish list. Yet Trump appears destined to learn this the hard way.
And right about now, the last thing the GOP needs is to be seen as a flailing mess with one-party control of Washington, because that is a recipe for disaster next year.
President Trump's “promise to enact a sweeping overhaul of the tax code is in serious jeopardy nearly 100 days into his tenure, and his refusal to release his own tax returns is emerging as a central hurdle to another faltering campaign promise,” the New York Times reports.
“As procrastinators rushed to file their tax returns by Tuesday, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, emphasized again on Monday that Mr. Trump had no intention of making his public. Democrats have seized on that decision, uniting around a pledge not to cooperate on any rewriting of the tax code unless they know specifically how that revision would benefit the billionaire president and his family.”
“And a growing roster of more than a dozen Republican lawmakers now say Mr. Trump should release them.”
Meanwhile, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that getting tax reform legislation to Trump by August is unlikely.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Valentine's Day is looming ever closer - so if you're looking for some romantic inspiration, you're definitely not alone.
There are some delightful places to take your beloved to in Bristol if you're thinking of celebrating on February 14th with a special dinner, drinks with a view or simply just some nice scenery.
Whatever your tastes and budgets demand, you can choose from any of the places listed below if you want to truly get into the spirit of love. Here's our selection of places simply perfect for an unforgettable Valentine's Day.
The Library
There are wine bars aplenty in Bristol, but few have quite the same level of intimate charm as The Library. This small Cheltenham Road bar has an amazing selection of wines, so you can impress your date with your knowledge of vino (or simply bluff your way through it all).
Avon Gorge Hotel
It's an obvious choice, but it belongs in this list for a reason. It has possibly the most romantic backdrop in all of Bristol - the Clifton Suspension Bridge and Avon Gorge - and both its interior and exterior are suitably decadent for a special occasion.
Glassboat
What could possibly be more romantic than dinner on a boat? The Glassboat is one of Bristol's most unforgettable dining spots, largely thanks to its splendid location (and the fact it's an actual boat). The menu is very sophisticated too, so an evening here will definitely impress your date.
University of Bristol's Botanic Garden
This picturesque garden in Stoke Bishop is filled with a hugely diverse range of plants, including many exotic species arranged in fantastic displays. It's the perfect place for a tranquil stroll and a chat.
Cabot Tower
It's the perfect spot for a selfie, if you're into that sort of thing. The views are also incredible, although it's possibly not the place to take your date if they don't have a head for heights.
Under the Stars
Another venue on board a boat, Under The Stars has great views across the harbour and serves up tapas dishes perfect for sharing. It's a small space which is just made for getting to know someone a little better in.
Clifton Lido
(Image: © SWNS Group)
It might be a little chilly for a dip in February, but you can still have the most luxurious day at Clifton Lido regardless. There's a huge spa where you can enjoy some pampering, before tucking into dinner and drinks overlooking the beautiful swimming pool.
Arnos Vale Cemetery
Cemeteries aren't usually the first places you'd associate with romance, but there's something about the mystery and beauty of Arnos Vale which captivates your soul and your imagination. It's like something out of a romantic movie - and it could be the setting of a breathtaking romantic walk for you too.
Milk Thistle
Cocktails are a sure-fire way to make even the nicest date a little bit better. Speakeasy bars The Milk Thistle is the classiest of settings for creative drinks - it's definitely a place you won't forget in a hurry.
Lover's Leap at Blaise Castle
Blaise Castle as a whole is pretty romantic, but the Lovers Leap viewing spot is spectacular. This dramatic precipice towers above the gorge and offers incredible views.
Bravas
This is small, softly-lit tapas bar on Cotham Hill is perfect for a romantic evening, as it only seats a handful of people. You can sit around the bar and watch the chefs in action, which is sure to be a great conversation starter.
Illusions
(Image: Chandra Prasad/BNM)
It's not exactly romantic in the traditional sense, but Illusions is a great place for a date if your idea of romance is something a bit more fun. The magic shows are well worth checking out.
The Gallimaufry
This Gloucester Road restaurant/bar has a beautifully-decorated ceiling, which in itself is enough to justify a trip there. The food and drink choices are really strong as well, if you fancy a romantic night centred on fine dining.
Spoke and Stringer
Spoke and Stringer is opposite the SS Great Britain and offers gorgeous views in a really relaxed setting. It's perfect if you fancy a romantic atmosphere without the usual steep price tag which comes with such a vista.
Falafel King
At first, Falafel King looks just like any other takeaway - but then you venture downstairs and it's a whole different affair. It's a beautiful Middle Eastern-inspired venue, with dim lighting, an intimate ambience and seating that's perfect for cuddling in places.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol's two universities will not play each other at rugby for two years, following a major incident of crowd disturbance at the last varsity rugby match at Ashton Gate.
The Bristol Post understands that a number of students were expelled from both universities following the trouble, which saw rival students face up to each other in what staff working at Ashton Gate Stadium said was ‘like a battleground'.
The two sets of supporters behaved ‘like wild animals' during the trouble following the game that took place at the end of March, according to eye witnesses.
A joint statement from both the University of Bristol and the University of the West of England said students involved had been ‘subject to disciplinary proceedings', but neither university would confirm if that included students being expelled for their part in the trouble.
Police, Bristol Sport and senior leaders at both universities are understood to have studied CCTV footage taken inside the concourse at Ashton Gate, and no formal police action was undertaken.
Those involved in the investigation are understood to have come to the view that, from a criminal point of view, the offences committed amounted to minor public order offences.
But the universities involved are understood to have taken a firm line, with several students said to have been expelled – although neither university would confirm how many.
The Post has been told that the deans of both universities met with Bristol Sport's stadium managers and viewed CCTV footage, then investigated the incidents internally and identified the students.
Those students and their parents were then invited to Ashton Gate, and shown the CCTV footage, before being disciplined by the universities. Some were reprimanded or receiving official warnings, but for several – around four or five – it meant expulsion.
The Bristol Post asked both universities how many students were expelled, but both declined to answer.
A joint statement from both UWE and UoB said: “An inquiry carried out by the Varsity Board, which is a joint board with representatives from UWE Bristol and the University of Bristol, following the Bristol Varsity Rugby match on March 30, 2017, has now concluded following a thorough and detailed process.
“As a result, there will be no stand-alone or spectated Varsity Rugby for two years.
“Those students identified as being involved have been the subject to disciplinary proceedings. They have also been subject to sanctions from the Students' Union and required to write letters of apology to those affected by their behaviour."
Eye witnesses to the trouble, including Bristol Sport staff working inside the stadium, told of how hundreds of students had been drinking all day – even before they arrived at Ashton Gate – for the rugby part of the Varsity Sports contest between the two institutions.
The event attracted a crowd of around 2,000, all in the new Lansdown Stand at Ashton Gate.
The women's rugby match came first, with the men's match following. Before and during that game, there were widespread disturbances in the concourse, involving students inundating the bar serving areas and threatening staff.
Bosses decided to close the bars and food outlets early, and after the second match there was a face-off between the two sets of supporters in the concourse, which was captured on CCTV and on mobile phone cameras.
“The students were a bit mad, it was ridiculous,” said one eye witness, a couple of days after the match. “All the people at the back were pushing, trying to get to the front and there was no queuing going on. For the football, the fans stay in lines, but they just removed the lines and it was absolute bedlam, it was a nightmare,” she said.
“We had to close the kiosks. We were shouting at them to queue properly, to stop being out of order and they weren't listening. The stewards were out there and they were having a nightmare too. The students were coming up ordering 15 pints at a time, and it was just mayhem.
“We told them we would close and stop selling if they didn't behave, but they didn't settle down, so we locked up, put the shutters up.
“I think the match started at about 7pm and they were still just down there drinking at the bars at 8.15pm, they weren't even really watching the game to start with. They weren't happy, but we were locked in. They all went up to watch the match.
“Then when it finished, they all came down the stairs and you've never seen anything like it. They were a bunch of wild animals.
"All we had as a barrier to separate them was a line of bins and they went over straight away. It was carnage and honestly the only way to describe it was like one of those films where two sides run at each other and meet in the middle, fighting. It was like a battleground,” she added.
“One of the stewards had cuts to his hand, and they were all out there trying to stop it, but there was nothing they could do. I've never seen that from football fans. One side came down one set of stairs and the other came from the other and they met in the middle. There were smoke bombs going off, they were chanting ‘UWE' or ‘Bristol' and it was crazy,” he added.
The Bristol Post also reported that one group of students from the UWE were reprimanded and had to apologise for printing out a lyrics sheet of offensive and sexist chants.
In the aftermath of the trouble, Bristol Sport confirmed it actually had more stewards on duty per spectator than it usually does for Bristol City and Bristol Rugby matches. At the time, many Bristol City fans expressed frustration that the way in which the club and the police dealt with the trouble differed from their course of action when similar incidents happen at football matches – where the police publicly issue CCTV images of individuals they want to identify.
TOP OF THE POP: Not many fashion brands can boast a namesake song. Fendi can, and — to boot — the song has also been climbing the charts. Last week, the Hong Kong-born and South Korea-based pop singer and rapper Jackson Wang sang “Fendiman” for the first time at Fendi's FF Reloaded Experience event in Shanghai and the next day, on May 26, the song was number one in two iTunes categories in the U.S.: General List and Pop Music List.
The video clip of the song was shot on the rooftop of Fendi's Rome headquarters at Palazzo della Civiltà Italiana, known as the “Square Colosseum.”
The FF Reloaded Experience in Shanghai was held in one of the top underground clubs in Asia: Arkham, 30 feet beneath Sunken Plaza, in the French Concession area. With a new take on the FF logo, the company created a white neon structure that reproduced the arches of its headquarters in Rome, leading to a stairway embellished with maxi FF logos.
On the occasion, Fendi also launched the FF Reloaded capsule collection.
As reported in an exclusive interview with WWD, his first comprehensive one since his arrival at Fendi in February, succeeding Pietro Beccari, who moved over to lead Dior, chief executive officer Serge Brunschwig said last week that China is already “extremely relevant” for the brand. “It's the fastest developing and biggest market. For Fendi it continues to be a priority, in terms of investments, stores and resources,” he said at the time.
On Friday, MMW was briefed on what's new with the GSMA, as the organization highlighted in a statement to media new developments for the 2018 GSMA Mobile World Congress Shanghai, including the first confirmed conference speakers, and co-located events, as well as new exhibitors, partners and sponsors.
Mobile World Congress Shanghai will take place June 27-29 at the Shanghai New International Expo Centre (SNIEC).
“Across the show, attendees will have the opportunity to experience how mobile innovations are impacting their daily lives, now and into the future,” said Michael O'Hara, Chief Marketing Officer, GSMA. “Mobile World Congress Shanghai will showcase the latest and greatest in technology, from 5G to AR/VR to the Internet of Things and beyond.”
Held over three days in Hall N5 of the SNIEC, the Mobile World Congress Shanghai conference programme features four keynote sessions, as well as seven focused summits exploring topics including 5G, artificial intelligence, the latest developments in devices, the future of vehicles and the Internet of Things (IoT), among others.
The first confirmed keynote speakers for Mobile World Congress Shanghai include:
Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises and Chairman, GSMA
Mats Granryd, Director General, GSMA
Yu Hu, Co-founder and Rotating President, IFlytek
Aamir Ibrahim, Head of Emerging Market, VEON and CEO, Jazz
Forrest Li, Chairman and CEO, SEA Group
Xu Li, CEO, SenseTime
David Lynn, President and CEO, Viacom International Media Networks
To learn more, check out the full media release here.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some of the UK's biggest supermarkets have issued warnings over products being sold in their stores.
Tesco, Sainsbury's, and Co-op are among the supermarkets recalling food products which do not meet safety standards or have been incorrectly labelled.
All customers who have recently purchased the affected items are being asked to return them to store for a full refund.
Below is a list of all the products being recalled, compiled by our colleagues at Wales Online.
Tesco - Rude Health - Cacao and Vanilla Granola
Rude Health Foods Ltd is recalling a batch of Rude Health Cacao and Vanilla Granola because it contains almond, which is not written in English. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to nuts. The affected batch was only sold at Tesco.
The product details are:
Rude Health Cacao and Vanilla Granola
Pack size: 450g
Batch code: L417
Best-before date: 9 October 2018
Co-op Breaded Cod Fillets
Co-op is recalling its Breaded Cod Fillets because some packs may have been incorrectly packed with battered fillets containing mustard and milk, which is not mentioned on the label.
It means the fillets are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to mustard, and/or an allergy or intolerance to milk, or milk constituents.
If you have bought the product and have an allergy to mustard or an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund
The product details are:
Product: Co-op Breaded Cod Fillets
Pack size: 270g
Use-by date: 2 April 2018
Sainsbury's Sliced Beetroot
Sainsbury's is recalling a batch of its Sliced Beetroot sold in jars because the product may contain small pieces of glass, making it unsafe to eat.
If you have bought the product, do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
The product details are:
Sainsbury's Sliced Beetroot
Jar size: 340g
Best-before date: August 2019
Batch code: L318N1737
Item code: 7860491
Rude Health Cacao and Vanilla Granola
Pack size: 450g
Batch code: L417
Best-before date: 9 October 2018
Buenas - Grated Coconut
Manning Impex Ltd is recalling Buenas Grated Coconut as it may contain Salmonella.
The product details are:
Product: Buenas Grated Coconut
Pack size: 454g
Best-before date: 20 February 2019
Halo Top Mint Chip and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream
Halo Top UK Ltd is recalling Mint Chip Ice Cream and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream because they contain chocolate chips with soya which is not mentioned on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya.
Product details:
Product: Halo Top Mint Chip Ice Cream
Pack size: 473ml
Batch code / Best-before date:
7324 / 14 January 2019
7352 / 11 February 2019
8008 / 4 March 2019
8017 / 13 March 2019
8026 / 22 March 2019
8050 / 15 April 2019
Product: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream
Pack size: 473ml
Batch code / Best-before date:
7325 / 15 January 2019
7354 / 13 February 2019
8012 / 8 March 2019
8022 / 18 March 2019
8059 / 24 April 2019
8060 / 25 April 2019
8072 / 7 May 2019
No other Halo Top products are known to be affected.
Surya Foods Mother Africa Palm Oil
Surya Foods is recalling Mother Africa Pure Red Palm Oil and Mother Africa Zomi Palm Oil because they contain the illegal dye Sudan IV, which is potentially genotoxic and carcinogenic.
Sudan dyes are red dyes that are used in industrial applications and cannot be used in foods.
Innovative Bites and American Fizz - Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Bites
Innovative Bites and American Fizz are recalling Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Bites because they may contain egg and wheat which are not (or not correctly) mentioned on the packaging. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg, wheat or gluten.
The product details are:
Product: Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Bites
Pack size: 88g
Best Before: 09/02/2019
Batch Codes: All batches
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby's final game of the season is essentially a dead rubber - promotion and the Championship title have already been secured, but Pat Lam is still striving for improvement from his side.
Talking ahead of facing Hartpury on Saturday, Lam said: “We are serious about making sure we finish the season on the right note.
“There is nothing worse than losing the last game of the season, even at school days and amateur club days, because then there is a long break and there is nothing you can do about it.”
While some of the Bristol Rugby squad will return to pre-season action as early as May 28, just two days after the Aviva Premiership final is played, they will not be back in competitive pre-season action until mid August when they will play three pre-season matches ahead of the opening weekend of the Gallagher Premiership in September.
That is some time to brood on a defeat.
There has not been much need for brooding this season season for Bristol in the Championship, winning all but one of their league games as thousands of fans have flocked to watch their star studded international team in the second tier of English rugby.
Bristol have averaged 8,488 fans for their home games, with a season high 13,100 watch them lift the trophy at Ashton Gate on April 13.
To put that average attendance into perspective the next five best attended team in the Championship: Bedford Blues, Yorkshire Carnegie, Cornish Pirates, Jersey Reds and Doncaster Knights - have the same home attendance combined.
And that is not about to change on Saturday.
Lam said: “Hartpury have extended their seating, a lot of our supporters are heading up, and it is a big day so we want to take real pride in delivering a performance we can be proud of and can make everyone else proud of it."
Hartpury are doubling the capacity of Gillman's Ground for the game on Saturday by putting up temporary seating, allowing up to 3,000 fans to take in the Championship match.
Lam added: “We have been thanked by a lot of the other clubs in the Championship this season, we have brought record crowds to the clubs that have hosted us and it has been a real pleasure to be in the Championship.
“That might sound funny but the boys have been superb. We have mingled with the other teams, we have had the coaches in, we have talked after and we have stayed after games.
“What I am really proud about is the humbleness of the team and that is why I love this group.”
Looking ahead to Hartpury, who Bristol beat 26-15 at Ashton Gate on the opening day of the season but did not get a try-scoring bonus point, Lam said he is going to give some of his key men a rest with one eye on next season.
He said: “Ian Madigan is not going to play but I have got to get the balance right, some guys have played a lot of rugby and also, if I take Madigan as an example - I know 100 percent come May 28 when we are back at training he will be 100 percent fit and ready to prepare for life in the Premiership.
"The concern going into the last game is always injuries and we have had a fair few this season. Thankfully some of the boys who have had long term injuries like Chris Vui and Steven Luatua will be back for the start of pre-season, once Chris gets back from international duty.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A groom has spoken of the moment he “fell to his knees” in shock when he was surprised with a personal message from his footballing hero Steven Gerrard.
Scott Phillips, 29, married his wife Jenna, 32, at Lazaat in Cottingham on December 3.
He had joked in the run-up to the big day with his brother-in-law to be – former rugby league star Danny Sculthorpe – that he dreamed of receiving a message from Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard.
Danny secretly got in touch with friend and boxer Martin Murray, who runs a healthy eating café Gerrard has eaten at, and made Scott's dream a reality.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail/MEN Media)
“I was blindfolded by my sister-in-law at the wedding, and was stood in front of a TV monitor," Scott told the Hull Daily Mail .
“When they took the blindfold off, Steven Gerrard was on the projector reading us a wedding message.
“I nearly cried as much as I did when my wife walked down the aisle. I fell to my knees in shock, and just could not believe what had happened.”
In the message, Steven Gerrard said: “Scott, Jenna, Steven Gerrard here.
“A friend of mine, Martin Murray the boxer, asked me to send my best wishes for your wedding day.
“I hope you have a special time, and hope all the family enjoy it, and good luck for the future and moving forward.
“Hope you have a boss life together – good luck and all the best.”
(Image: Hull Daily Mail/MEN Media)
Scott and Jenna tied the knot on their five-year anniversary of being together.
They celebrated their wedding surrounded by their friends and family.
Scott, of Hull, said: “Steven Gerrard is my idol and my hero.
“I am a massive Liverpool fan. My dad is a fan and he told growing up I either had to be a Liverpool fan or not be a football fan at all.
“I fell to my knees in shock. I thought he was going to talk about football or something, not congratulate me on our wedding.
“It was amazing. The whole day was perfect. My wife looked so beautiful and my little girl was in a wedding dress too.
“I could not have wished for two better people. It was just amazing.”
Scott wanted to thank his brother-in-law Danny, who during his career played for teams including Wigan Warriors, Castleford Tigers and Wakefield Wildcats.
