As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Home team have won seven straight as they host Vees tonight
Justin Wilson storms the crease during the Salmon Arm Silverbacks' game against the west Kelowna Warriors on Friday, Sept. 1. -image credit: Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer
The Salmon Arm Silverbacks are looking unstoppable; after dispatching the West Kelowna Warriors last night, they have won seven straight.
Brandon Whistle, a newcomer to the Silverbacks, scored early in the first on the power play.
West Kelowna answered with a pair of goals from RJ Murphy at 2:43 and 5:10 to give them an early lead.
Goals from Rhett Kingston and Hudson Schandor less than a minute apart gave the Silverbacks the advantage heading into the second period.
Parm Dhaliwal tied it up for West Kelowna a minute into the second period assisted by Ryna Steele and Chase Dubois.
Hudson Schandor scored his second of the game and eighth of the season at 2:28; Julian Timba was credited with the assist.
A goal from West Kelowna's Chase Stevenson sent the game into the final period in a four-all deadlock.
Trevor Adams scored the unassisted game-winner halfway through the third.
The Silverbacks face the league-leading Penticton Vees at the Shaw Centre tonight at 7 p.m. tonight.
@SalmonArm
sports@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Men Charged In Deadly Calif. Ghost Ship Warehouse Fire Plead No Contest
Enlarge this image toggle caption JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images
Two men each charged with 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter, representing the three dozen people who perished in the 2016 Oakland, Calif. warehouse fire, pleaded no contest on Tuesday, in a deal letting them avoid trial and possibly lengthy prison terms.
Derick Almena, who managed the artists' collective turned dance venue known as the Ghost Ship, agreed to a nine year sentence with an additional three years supervised release.
Max Harris, a tenant who assisted Almena in his duties as an illegal landlord, is expected to be sentenced to six years with four years supervised release.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
But with time served, time spent behind bars may be much shorter, according to Almena's attorney.
Almena would likely only spend three-and-a-half more years behind bars, defense attorney, Tony Serra, said in a news conference Tuesday.
"So it's not what I would call devastating," Serra said.
He added that Almena had entered the no contest plea not out of legal necessity or "culpability" but as "a moral imperative to eliminate all of the trauma and pain and suffering that everyone who touches this case endures."
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Almena himself underlined that point in a jailhouse interview with KTVU, saying "to sit through months of parents looking at burned remains of their children, it's not even worth it."
David Gregory, whose daughter Michela Gregory was among the victims, said the sentences were not enough.
"We just wanted some justice," Gregory said, adding he wished the defendants would have had to stand trial. "Some questions could have been answered during trial."
Sami Kopelman, the mother of Edmond Lapine who also died in the blaze, told the East Bay Times she would have liked for Almena and Harris to each serve 36 years: one year for each life lost.
"I don't want my son's life or those of the other victims, no matter what their circumstances were for being there, I don't want the value of their lives to be lessened by a sweep aside," Kopelman said.
Last year, the Oakland Fire Department released a lengthy report detailing what happened on the night of Dec. 2, 2016, when a dance party ended with the building, a cluttered 9,880 sq. ft. warren with blocked windows, burning down.
Witnesses told investigators that before midnight, flames and thick smoke drove people to shout fire and run. But there was nowhere to go.
Party goers on the second floor couldn't make it down the makeshift stairway.
"(T)he walls of the hallways were assembled together from aggregates of salvaged and scavenged materials, such as pianos, organs, windows, wood benches, lumber, and innumerable other items stacked next to and on top of each other," the report said.
The building had no sprinklers, nor did it have an automatic fire detection system, according to investigators.
By the time firefighters arrived around 11:30 p.m., smoke was already pouring out of the building.
They never were able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
"Defendants Almena and Harris knowingly created a fire trap with inadequate means of escape, filled it with human beings," Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said last year when she announced her office was filing felony charges against the men.
On the night of the party, one of two exits was blocked, she said.
"Almena's and Harris' actions were reckless, creating a high risk of death," O'Malley said.
The sentencing hearing is set for next month. At that time witnesses for the defense as well as the victims will have the opportunity to speak, Serra said.
"It will be a very agonizing session," Serra said Tuesday, "just as the plea session today was protracted."
Kopelman, told the East Bay Times that she, for one, does not expect to attend the hearing.
"I don't think I could bear to see those two men in person," she said.
The internet has shown many weird and strange videos in our time, but this one might be one of those rarest clips.
A Facebook page of a group known as Ufo Türkiye uploaded a video that caught the attention of netizens, which has now a total of over 17,000 views and around 300,00 shares.
The photo apparently shows UFO above Turkey sky. A dark shape can be seen in the video, which undoubtedly looks like a UFO. It can also be observed in the footage that the strange aerial object hovers for a few seconds and then flies off in the flash of light.
The controversial video comes just a few weeks after a plane passenger on a commercial flight to Athens, Greece claimed he caught a UFO moving alongside the aircraft.
Kerry Forides filmed the UFO from his seat while travelling above the Aegean Sea on the 28th of March.
Forides then posted the video on his Facebook page and YouTube.
The description of the video says that the UFO appears to be moving away at right angles from the commercial jet where Forides was onboard, and they end up almost following the strange object without either of them appearing to turn.
Comments
comments
OSCEOLA, Fla. – The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has issued a missing child alert for a 17-year-old Osceola girl.
Sarroya Wiggins was last seen Wednesday near West Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway near Avenue of the Stars.
She was wearing a blue dress, black sandals, with a blue purse and she had a cheetah print scarf in her hair.
Wiggins has black hair and brown eyes.
The FDLE believes Wiggins may be traveling with a man named Johnny in a silver Audi.
Anyone who knows of their whereabouts is asked to call (407)348-2222 or 911.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10News app now.
Have a news tip? Email desk@wtsp.com, or visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
0:37 Obama lights National Christmas Tree for final time Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
IT'S ALWAYS said, when the pass rates go up, that school exams must be getting easier. But don't let the figures fool you – the real measure of the nation's declining intelligence is the choice of specialist subjects on Mastermind.
Back in Magnus Magnusson's day, contestants were expected to tackle academic topics like Charles II or the Balkans between the wars, and they got extra points if they could spell the host's name correctly. Today, according to the show's producer, the most popular request is Harry Potter.
Last year, no fewer than 262 people nominated JK Rowling's work as their specialist subject, and another 41 chose Blackadder and Fawlty Towers. One applicant wanted to be asked questions on “meat”, and when told it was too vague, said, “well, how about just pork?”
If ever I was allowed out of the house for long enough to appear, I would choose specialist questions about myself. Name? Occupation? That's two points right there.
But a more interesting subject would be the programme's present host, John Humphrys.
Your two minutes starts now, John. How much did you earn last year? £600,000? Don't you think that's excessive for half an hour's work on a Friday night and a couple of hours on some mornings?
The last question was rhetorical, so no points there.
Humphrys was one of the BBC presenters to have taken a voluntary pay cut this year, though with a remaining salary of well over a quarter of a million, he is, as he admitted “not exactly on the breadline”. The BBC, he added, was in a very different position from days past, when he and many others had “money pretty much thrust upon us”.
That much was already apparent from the published figures. Radio 2's Chris Evans, the corporation says, is in a pay bracket of £2.2m to £2.25m. What other organisation has a pay structure that needs a bracket for an amount that size? The figure is justified, the director-general, Tony Hall, said, because he presents the most popular show on the most popular radio network in Europe, and could be poached at any moment by a commercial rival.
I can tell you now that there isn't a commercial station this side of the Atlantic that could afford a fifth as much for a presenter, even one as popular as Evans – so the argument about having to pay market rates is as fallacious as when in 1994 the recently-privatised British Gas tried to justify giving Cedric Brown, an ex-fitter from Sheffield, a 75 per cent rise to stay on as its boss.
In the news department, the argument makes even less sense. The BBC's own review of salaries this week found a 6.8 per cent difference in male and female earnings – this after its China editor, Carrie Gracie, resigned from her £135,000-a-year post because, she said, even the £45,000 rise she had been offered would have left a “big gap” between her and her male counterparts.
Has anyone, under any circumstances, ever offered you a £45,000 rise? Nor me. But it seems the BBC can still thrust money on people when it is caught on the back foot.
The going rate across broadcast and print journalism for a foreign editor is nowhere near the amount Ms Gracie's male ex-colleagues must be getting, and you have to question the propriety of an organisation that has so obviously lost control of its HR spending.
The presenter Julia Bradbury said this week that the largesse of Humphrys and others was not the way to the redress the gender gap. Women, she said, should be paid more; not men less.
I like Bradbury but I think she's wrong: BBC presenters across the board are paid disproportionately too much and when, in the course of the present exercise they level the playing field, they should cut the grass deeply as well as evenly.
It always used to be the case that the big salaries were in ITV, and those who remained loyal to the Beeb did so for the prestige. It was ITV's strong unions that kept wages high in the 70s and 80s, but it is weak management – one which, according to Ms Gracie, treats vocal women as “the enemy” – that has scored the BBC its latest own goal.
So here's another rhetorical question for John Humphrys, Lord Hall and the rest: what do you think you're playing at?
Caledonia Warriors sophomore guard Noah King has been a man on fire the past two weeks. King poured in a career high 34 points to lead Caledonia to the Subsection title against St. Charles, and then 27 points in the Section Title game against Byron. "That's the best we've shot it all year, and that's a great game to do it in -- the game to go to state," said Noah King. "Our routine was probably about the same as it's been all year. We did the same things, and I guess i...
More >>
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary.
FC Barcelona to make a €90 million bid for Manchester United superstar, Man City closing in on two big signings and more: Transfer round-up, July 4, 2018
Sumedh Pande FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Rumors 61.85K // 04 Jul 2018, 20:59 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
FC Barcelona are set to hurt Manchester United in a huge way
Good evening and welcome to Sportskeeda's latest transfer news and rumours roundup. With the world's attention being fixated on the ongoing World Cup, top clubs are working behind the scenes on the transfer front.
And as always, there are stories which will have huge repercussions on the transfer market. After scorching through papers and sources from all over Europe, we have managed to find transfer stories that made headlines on July 4, 2018:
Premier League
On Manchester United's radar
Manchester United's bid for Alessio Romagnoli rejected
According to Manchester Evening News, the Red Devils have suffered a setback in their pursuit of AC Milan's Alessio Romagnoli. It is believed that Jose Mourinho had identified Romagnoli as a top transfer target only to see his opening bid fall on deal ears.
United had made a bid of €45 million plus €5 million in add-ons for the 23-year-old central defender. Milan are ready to do business for the Italian but are demanding a higher price for their valuable asset. The Rossoneri are expected to lose their top players this summer after being sanctioned by UEFA for FFP regulations.
Numerous reports had linked United with AC Milan's Leonardo Bonucci in the last few days. It may well have been a smokescreen from the Premier League giants to make their move for Bonucci's defensive partner instead which has however been rebuffed by the Italian giants.
Manchester City to complete a double transfer worth £108 million
The Mirror claims that the Premier League champions are set to land Riyad Mahrez and Jorginho for around £108 million by the end of the week. A £60 million has reportedly been agreed with Leicester City as Mahrez is expected to undertake a medical later this week.
Meanwhile, after months of negotiations, City and Napoli have reportedly struck a deal worth £48.7 million. Both the players will sign five-year contracts with the club. Mahrez is set to provide competition for the wingers whereas Jorginho is dubbed by many as Yaya Toure's replacement.
Cities Ready To Resist Trump Calls For Deportations
Audio will be available later today.
Local leaders in at least 30 states are taking a defiant stance against threats by the incoming Trump administration to deport immigrants living illegally in local communities.
LOS ANGELES — Caitlin McHugh, John Stamos' fiancee, had thousands of dollars worth of jewelry stolen, according to the Beverly Hills Police Department.
The pregnant McHugh reported the burglary from her Beverly Hills Hotel room Friday night, police said.
Detectives say the burglar accessed the unoccupied room by an unknown means and stole about $165,000 worth of jewelry.
The burglary comes before McHugh and Stamos' wedding, which is scheduled for this weekend, TMZ reported.
This case comes on the heels of numerous other celebrity burglaries in the Beverly Hills and San Fernando Valley areas, including star boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr., rap artist Niki Minaj and Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig.
Mayor Eric Garcetti said there is no connection between these burglaries, according to a March 2017 Los Angeles Times report. Officials are still unsure if there is any link.
Anyone with information about Friday's burglary is asked to call the Beverly Hills Police Department Detective Bureau at 310-285-2158.
New Delhi: India`s trade deficit narrowed to $11.45 billion in July from a month ago, following a slowdown in merchandise imports, government data showed on Monday.
The trade shortfall was $12.96 billion in June.
Asia`s third-largest economy imported goods worth $33.99 billion last month, up 15.42 percent from a year ago. The figure was lower than imports of $36.52 billion in June.
Gold imports, however, in July nearly doubled from last year to $2.1 billion. Merchandise exports for July came in at $22.54 billion, up 3.94 percent year-on-`
year.
With Inputs from Reuters
Thousands of people have taken part in protests to urge the government to provide more funding to fix a "crisis" in the NHS.
A march and demonstration in London was supported by NHS campaigners who gathered at hospitals around the country, including in Leeds, Huddersfield and Dewsbury.
They called on the government to take action on hospital staffing levels, cash shortages and overcrowding in accident and emergency departments.
Protesters gathered in central London and marched towards Downing Street during the "NHS in crisis: Fix it now" protest, organised by the People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together.
Speakers included shadow health secretary Jon Ashworth and actor Ralf Little, who told the crowd that Britain's NHS was the envy of the world. He had previously told how his mother was saved by NHS treatment for free when she suffered a stroke. He said the quality of the NHS was threatened by under-funding.
"It's a political choice to leave patients sleeping in corridors," he said.
Royal College of Nurses president Cecilia Anim, speaking at the protest, said there were 40,000 nursing vacancies around the UK and the shortage was affecting services. She said: "I've never in my 40 years in nursing seen anything like this."
Protesters gathered with banners and placards outside Leeds General Infirmary as part of the day of action.
At the Leeds protest John Puntis, a retired consultant paediatrician, said: "The staff who work in this hospital are very overstretched at the moment because of the winter crisis, and this is really because of under-funding of the NHS which has gone on over the past eight years."
Gilda Peterson, of Leeds Keep our NHS Public, said: "We reckon there were between 150-200 people there today. We got a lot of public attention. I think people are fed up of what's happening to the NHS.
"The support of NHS staff is great. They are doing a great job but they shouldn't have to work under the circumstances they are working in."
A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: "We know the NHS is extremely busy, which is why the government supported it this winter with an additional £437m of funding, and why it was given top priority in the recent Budget with an extra £2.8bn allocated over the next two years.
"Despite the extra pressure that comes with winter, the most recently published monthly figures show hardworking staff treated 55,328 people within four hours every single day, 1,272 more each day than in the same month the previous year.”
Mean Girls on Broadway has officially opened, and Tina Fey stopped by the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Friday to share our first musical glimpse of the show.
Fey wrote the play (and the 2004 movie of the same name), and her husband, Jeff Richmond, wrote the music for the show.
The soundtrack hasn't been released just yet, but Fey introduced us to the track that was performed during The Tonight Show.
"This song comes at a pivotal moment in act two, when everyone at school has basically lost their minds," Fey explains.
Barrett Wilbert Weed, who plays the role of Janis Sarkisian in the show, performed “I'd Rather be Me.”
Mean Girls is now playing daily at the August Wilson Theater in New York. The original cast recording of the show's soundtrack will be released on June 15.
Trump Aides Often Contacted Russian Intelligence, 'New York Times' Says
Steve Inskeep talks to Matt Apuzzo of The New York Times about evidence that U.S. spy agencies have that show the Trump campaign was repeatedly in contact with senior Russian intelligence officials.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British pensioner was the first in the country to be investigated over his alleged role in Nazi war crimes.
Stanislaw Chrzanowski, 96, faced claims he was part of a death camp shooting squad during the Holocaust.
He came to the UK after being captured during World War Two and lived in Telford, Shropshire, for much of his life.
Mr Chrzanowski died last October unaware he was facing investigation.
The claims first surfaced when his stepson John Kingston went to police in the 1990s.
He believed his stepfather may have been a Nazi killer because of stories he had told when Mr Kingston was a child.
(Image: Getty)
Mr Kingston also travelled to Slonim where he said witnesses told him they saw his stepfather helping Nazis shooting prisoners at pits in the forest, the BBC reports.
Mr Chrzanwski was interviewed by the Met police's war crimes unit at the time but it was deemed there was not enough evidence to prosecute.
But the case was reopened by prosecutors in Munich, Germany, and they are now looking at other possible suspects who might be in the UK.
Mr Chrzanwski had always denied he was a war criminal.
They didn't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning.
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys, who at one point had more second-chance points (18) than the Jayhawks had total (16).
One of the nation's most prolific 3-point shooting teams, the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post. And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State's own 3-point barrage, which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half.
Kansas coach Bill Self, who typically stalks the sideline, instead sat glumly as his team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers.
The Jayhawks' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season.
"Right from the jump," Self said, "they were so much quicker and more competitive."
Kansas dug into its disadvantage early in the second half, quickly trimming the lead to seven points on Newman's flurry of baskets. But for the next 10 minutes, the Cowboys matched the Jayhawks shot-for-shot, answering each attempt at starting a run with a crucial rebound or big basket.
The Cowboys still clung to a 78-71 lead after Newman missed a foul shot with about two minutes left, and Smith scored twice as the Jayhawks were trying to foul him to keep a comfortable lead.
Kansas finally got the game to one possession, only for Smith to hit the clinching foul shots.
"It's very frustrating," said Graham, who has been hobbled the last week by a knee injury. "We're way better on the road than we have been at home. We have to find a way to come out and crush teams the way they came out and stepped on our throats today."
120 YEARS OF HOOPS
The Jayhawks recognized the birth of its basketball program during a halftime ceremony, highlighted by the 30th anniversary of their 1988 title team. There was also a reunion banquet Saturday night with more than 400 players, staff and coaches from every era expected to attend.
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State had a 41-28 advantage on the glass, which produced a 26-7 advantage in second-chance points. That kind of hustle infuriated Self and proved too much for Kansas to overcome.
Kansas' shooting went wayward as the Cowboys mixed zone and man-to-man defences. The Jayhawks were 8 of 22 from beyond the 3-point arc, and several of those makes were in desperation time.
UP NEXT
Oklahoma State returns home against Baylor on Tuesday night.
Kansas continues its homestand Tuesday night against TCU.
___
More AP college basketball: collegebasketball.ap.org and twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Dave Skretta, The Associated Press
The Lord Mayor Magid Magid has branded Donald Trump a 'wasteman', banning him from Sheffield.
Ahead of Donald Trump's state visit to the UK, Sheffield Mayor Magid Magid declared in a packed out city council meeting that the US president was not welcome in the steel city.
Magid entered the room dressed in his mayoral chains, and a black t-shirt which read 'Donald Trump is a wasteman', whilst wearing a sombrero 'in solidarity with Mexican's, other Latins and all people suffering at the hands of the Trump regime.
During an intermission in the council session, the Mayor also invited members of Sheffield's Mexican community to perform a traditional Mexican dance.
The Mayor reiterated the statement on Twitter stating:
“I Magid Magid, Lord Mayor & first citizen of this city hereby declare that not only is Donald J Trump (@realdonaldtrump) a WASTEMAN, but he is also henceforth banned from the great city of Sheffield!” and declaring the 13th of July – the date of Trump's UK visit – to be “Mexico Solidarity Day”.
The tweet was followed by a second tweet stating “five reasons why Donald Trump is a wasteman” – reasons included Trump's controversial Muslim ban, his withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement and the UN Human Rights Council, the moving of the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and his support for white supremacists.
Coun Magid said: “In this current climate of politics where fear and hate is widespread, the last thing we need is a world leader like Donald J Trump being a spurting cesspit of hate, stoking divisions between communities while scapegoating minorities.
"I am proud to be the Lord Mayor of a city where there is an amazingly culture of diversity. Where we don't tolerate racism and xenophobia; where we not only celebrate all our differences but also unite on the things we have in common.
"We need now more than ever to come together in spite of our differences and empower everyone in our society and collectively work towards building a future where love and tolerance prevail, and where everybody belongs.”
The 28-year-old made headlines last month becoming the city's youngest ever Lord Mayor, first Green Lord Mayor, where his inaugural photograph went viral across the world.
Magid further made headlines after receiving abuse online and in press for refusing to toast to the Queen and for being a black, Muslim immigrant.
He is also known for wearing a different hat and a different t-shirt with a message on for every full council he chairs, as for his first one last month he wore a Tartan beret with the message “Immigrants Make Britain Great”.
After previously releasing some sketches to tease an effort to convert the Tesla Model S into a shooting brake, Niels van Roij Design now announces a plan to have the station wagon ready by March 2018. The limited run of stylish estates creates a chic alternative for buyers looking for something more exclusive than a Model X.
"The aesthetics of this conversion have been developed thoroughly by producing 3 design propositions, within which 16 different design themes were generated," Van Roij said in the latest release about his company's project.
The Van Roij keeps the Model S' front end, but the company thoroughly alters the rear. While a shooting brake generally has two doors, this project retains the Tesla's four-door layout. A new, flowing roof extends back to a raked hatchback. A thick pillar anchors the design at the back. In profile the conversion looks nice enough, but the rendering from the rear three-quarters is the real highlight. Flared fenders give Model S a muscular appearance that hint at the vehicle's impressive performance.
While Van Roij handles the Shooting Brake's design, the actual coach building duties fall on the Dutch firm RemetzCar. The company intends to build a limited run of 20 examples of the new wagon, and buyers can specify the interior appointments to their personal preferences. RemetzCar is quite familiar with modifying the Tesla Model S after previously converting the EV into a hearse for a greener ride to the grave.
Van Roij isn't alone in imagining the Model S as a wagon. For example, a team of former Lotus, McLaren, and Jaguar engineers are working on a similar project in the United Kingdom. In addition, other designers have created renderings of other possible looks for the estate.
Source: Niels van Roij Design via Facebook, 2
FOOTBALL management is a brutal world rife with volatility and uncertainty.
READ MORE - Adkins hails Hull City's character as new boss survives dramatic opener
So said new Hull City new head coach Nigel Adkins at his media unveiling on Thursday afternoon and his words felt particularly prescient given the events of just under 48 hours later.
A tumultuous afternoon that was exasperating at times, uplifting on other occasions and thoroughly never-wracking at its finale put Adkins and Tigers fans through the mill in what, in some respects, represented a microcosm of the club's season.
It ended in the outcome everyone of an amber and black persuasion craved, not the least Adkins.
It was never going to be straightforward though, was it? After all, it would not be Hull without a late wobble. But this time the Tigers got over the line.
Alongside relief there was also some affirmation and sense of acceptance for Adkins too.
A cry of ‘Nigel, give us a wave' from sections of the home support just after Jackson Irvine's seemingly killer third to make it 3-1 may have been brief. But it will have represented the sweetest music to the 52-year-old.
In his previous appointment in the dug-out during his final game in charge of previous club Sheffield United in May 2016, Adkins was greeted with boos, jeers and ironic cheers as he and his players walked around the Bramall Lane pitch in a ‘lap of appreciation' after the Blades' last match of the 2015-16 season.
Given Saturday's events the healing process may have begun in earnest for Adkins.
ackson Irvine celebrates scoring the third goal against Brentford. (Picture: Tony Johnson)
His first game in charge was a rollercoaster by the Humber. But the fact that he saw the good and the not so good of his side first up was perhaps no bad thing.
After a quiet first half, the game sparked into life when David Meyler put through his own net early into the second half to give Brentford the lead. It was the sort of concession that smacked of a side in desperate strife at the wrong end of the table.
For a side without a win in their last seven games the fear was justifiable that things might just get worse before they get better.
Thankfully, this time, it was the darkness before the dawn and three goals in the space of 21 minutes turned the game on its head before John Egan's late header set up a tense climax.
It was never going to be straightforward though, was it? After all, it would not be Hull without a late wobble. But this time, the Tigers got over the line. Leon Wobschall
But Hull found a way and a chink of light at the end of a difficult week, which had started with the dismissal of Leonid Slutsky.
Seb Larsson, whose fine free-kick put Hull 2-1 ahead, said: “It is always difficult when the manager loses his job. It is because of us players, let's be honest about that.
“That is not a nice thing, but then you have to keep going. It is about the football club; the new manager comes in and we have to try and turn things around.
“When a new manager comes in you start on square one. He (Adkins) said himself things cannot change overnight and he cannot get his ideas across straight away. All that information is difficult to take in so quickly. It was more about showing character.
“He has come in and been very clear about that, and that he believes in us and this squad that we can move in the right direction and a start like (Saturday's) helps.
“It was clear to everyone from the position that we are still in that it is vital to pick up points, especially with the run of conceding late goals, and throwing points away in the way we have done.
Hull City's new manager Nigel Adkins is passionate on the touchline in his first game in charge. (Picture: Tony Johnson)
“We made it tough for ourselves again. But the difference is that we held on. Hopefully it will bring a bit of confidence back into the team and we will start moving in the right direction.”
Little hint at the drama to come arrived in a pretty non-descript first half although the Tigers comfortably had the two best moments with impressive Bees goalkeeper Daniel Bentley making smart saves to deny Fraizer Campbell and Michael Dawson.
Hull's torrid recent experiences at the KCOM then got a whole lot grimmer when an awful own goal put the Bees ahead.
Max Clark was the initial guilty party with his mistake and, after Ollie Watkins outstripped Larsson, the error was compounded when Meyler turned in his cross.
To a confidence-sapped unit such as Hull it looked a potentially fatal development. But instead it lit the blue touchpaper.
The recalled Kamil Grosicki got things rolling by rifling home a fine strike from distance, bailing out Clark and Meyler in the process, and suddenly Hull found their second wind.
Substitute Jon Toral, who made a discernible impact against his old club, then stumbled when well placed before Campbell hit the bar at full stretch after excellent play from Grosicki.
The pressure continued and Larsson's precision free-kick beat Bentley before a high-class third when Irvine latched onto Toral's lovely weighted pass and fired home. It was his first goal for Hull and just the sort of strike that saw him catch the eye at Burton.
Egan set up a riotous finale with substitute Nouha Dicko somewhat spurning a chance in eight minutes of stoppage-time before Allan McGregor denied Watkins.
And then the KCOM breathed again at the final whistle.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We've had bags of fun pulling together this retro variety pack of classic crisps.
Last week we told how an all-you-can-eat retro crisp buffet is set to open its doors in Bristol later this month - serving classics like Tangy Toms and Space Raiders.
And that got us thinking of all the snacks we'd like to see on the menu.
So we hit social media and found thousands of people have been posting snaps of their old favourites.
Some have perfectly preserved packets found in old boxes, kitchens or even hedges, while others have dug out photos from yesterday featuring some legendary nibbles.
Below are some of the rarest originals we've spotted... how many do you recall?
Asda Partnership
If these got you in the mood for a crisp feast, load up your trolley down at Asda where they currently have an offer on for three multi-packs for £3.
(Image: ASDA)
(Image: ASDA)
This top deal includes some old favourites, including Space Raiders , Discos , Frazzles and Chip Sticks .
The YMCA of Northern BC is giving free teen summer memberships to youth aged 13 to 18.
According to the recently released 2018 ParticipACTION Report Care on Physical Activity for Children and Youth, only 35% five to 17-year-olds are reaching their recommended physical activity levels. Recommended activity levels are outlined in the Canadian 24-Hour Movement Guideline for Children and Youth.
Canadian children were given a D+ letter grade in overall physical activity.
The YMCA Teen Summer Membership is valid until August 31st. Teens can sign up at the Prince George Family YMCA with a parent or guardian and photo ID.
"For as hard as he works, he does know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
GREENBELT, Md. (AP) — Officials believe Greenbelt will need about 60 percent more parking spaces than initially projected if the city is chosen as the site of the FBI's new headquarters.
A draft Environmental Impact Statement released in 2015 estimated only 3,600 parking spaces would be needed if it was located in Greenbelt.
WTOP-FM (http://bit.ly/2lO5Kx0) reports the final Environmental Impact Statement, which is due next month, will call for more than 6,000 parking spaces.
Greenbelt and Landover in Maryland and Springfield in Virginia are all being considered to become home to the new headquarters, which is expected to house about 11,000 employees.
Advertisement
It is unclear how many parking spots would be need if either Landover or Springfield is to be picked instead.
___
Information from: WTOP-FM, http://www.wtop.com
Test Boost Elite you could ask how it's far viable to therapy low stamina trouble. Musli robust pills are specially developed with strong herbs and herbal aphrodisiacs to growth power and stamina naturally.Rejuvenated tissues in the reproductive organs soak up more blood all through arousal and motive fuller and more impregnable erection for enjoyable lovemaking. therefore, this natural complement facilitates to remedy low stamina hassle. It boosts your patience and controls untimely ejaculation.
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Whatever you think of Ranbir Kapoor, there's little doubt that he's the finest actor of his generation in Bollywood. This hasn't always translated into box office success (Bombay Velvet, Jagga Jasoos), or memorable cinema (Bombay Velvet! Jagga Jasoos!). Ten years after his debut, and 14 films later, he'll be the first to tell you, “I'm not as successful as I was a few years ago. Sometimes when you're doing well, you just expect the sun to keep on shining on you, but it doesn't.” He's no longer the only leading man on the horizon either; his contemporaries have all cultivated brands around their personas that are far more palatable to a millennial audience. Meanwhile, Kapoor's off all social media, and would prefer to focus on the next phase of this career, which he says will be about entertaining audiences rather than proving his acting chops. When I meet him on GQ India's Wes Anderson-themed set, there's a languid ease about the actor, an unhurried air that's rare for a celebrity. Especially one who comes from Bollywood's First Family. He's present, and engaged, despite his promise to give me “the most boring answers for the next hour” because “I thought no one reads the text anyway.” Later, in his vanity van, decked out with film poster artwork – Drive, Melancholia, Black Swan, Four Rooms – Kapoor chats about why he's married to the movies, and his semi-charmed life.
GQ: What's exciting for you right now?
RK: My work. Sanju – the biopic on [actor] Sanjay Dutt – was a huge opportunity for me, working with Rajkumar Hirani and his team. Sometimes you get a part that's juicy as fuck, and you also get to work with good people. That's a luxury. I'm also shooting for Brahmastra with Ayan Mukerji, which should be out next year. The work I do really occupies my life. I like to take the character home with me, and submerge myself in it, and that's about it. So I have lots of time on my hands. I'm easy, life is easy right now.
GQ: You sound content.
RK: I don't want to feel content. I want to feel hungry. I'm going from one film to another now, always trying to unlearn what I know. I'd be happy to experiment with a Netflix or Amazon Prime Original if I was offered something interesting. You have a good eight, ten episodes to express your character and make your performance more succulent.
GQ: We're a generation that thrives on constant stimulation. Does having a lot of time on your hands scare you?
RK: I guess being away from social media helps. Because I'm not on it, I'm not used to that [sense of] constant gratification. I'm okay not being spoken about or written about or applauded or criticised. When you have a bad phase and your films aren't doing well, there's a sense of insecurity. But this is something I've chosen right now. The trick is to feel secure, and have faith in myself as a person, as a talent, because that's contagious.
GQ: Would you say you're an introvert?
RK: I've always been an introvert. My mother used to wonder how I'd grow up to become an actor. I never spoke, I guess I had a confidence issue. When I act though, I can channel another self through a character. It gives me the licence to be shy in my personal life.
GQ: Has that been an advantage?
RK: More than any film school or acting school, it's what life teaches you if you're open to certain experiences – good or bad. I think that's what gives you colour as an actor. Then you can express your emotions. If you haven't really experienced something, or watched someone else go through something, or if you don't have empathy towards the people around you, you can seem a bit dry and superficial. The experience could be anything – loneliness, sitting at home not having anything to do. It could be travelling, being in New York City. I'm nothing except all the women I've dated, the characters I've played, the books I've read.
GQ: You once said you've learned a lot about life from your directors, especially Imtiaz Ali and Ayan Mukerji.
RK: I think Imtiaz and I fell in love with each other when we worked on Rockstar; there was a deep connection. And Tamasha is my favourite film. We continue to feel a lot for each other, though when you don't work with someone for a long period, a certain distance creeps in, because you're consumed by someone else's energy. Ayan, more than my director, is like a father. He's taken the role of my stepfather, someone who nourishes the human being I am, while still being critical – of my behaviour, my work. That reality check is really important.
GQ: What was the last piece of good advice that he gave you?
RK: He keeps telling me to give more: to my work, to people, and that's the path I'm on right now. To open myself up to relationships, to what other people expect of me instead of closing myself off and ignoring it.
GQ: What are the benefits of “isolating” yourself from society?
RK: Lots of things. How I see it is that I need to love myself, I need to be comfortable with myself, even if I'm just reading a book, or watching a really silly movie on Set Max, or playing football. I have two amazing dogs, and I love being around them. Stuff like that puts life in perspective because everything can't be exciting, and if you can enjoy mundaneness, then you've cracked it. In general, I can be pretty detached. I don't have many relationships – as in, friends, or even family. You could say it's a manufacturing defect.
GQ: Solitude is underrated.
RK: At some point it begins to seem selfish. Often, I'm in my own little cocoon, and there's a lot of making up to do. As I grow older, I realise that life is not really what happens on a movie set. The truth is that people forget you, even if you've done 30 years of amazing work, and you've left a legacy behind. When you're 70 or 75, you're not going to have that fame and adulation. People aren't going to want to take selfies with you, and after it's all done, who's it going to be? It's going to be you alone in a chair with an oxygen tank, wondering where everyone went. I'm painting a drastic picture right now, as a warning to myself that this could be me, and I don't want to be that person. I want to have healthy grandchildren, a companion, even at the age of 80.
GQ: Are you dating Alia [Bhatt]?
RK: It's really new right now, and I don't want to over speak. It needs time to breathe and it needs space. As an actor, as a person, Alia is – what's the right word? – flowing right now. When I see her work, when I see her act, even in life, what she gives is something that I'm aspiring to for myself. It's new for us, so let it cook a bit.
GQ: What's the best thing about being newly in love?
RK: It always comes with a lot of excitement. It's a new person, it comes with new beats. Old tricks become new tricks again – you know, being charming and romantic, all of that. I think I'm more balanced today. I value relationships more. I can appreciate hurt and what it does to a person much more than I could a couple years back.
GQ: When would you say you came into your own?
RK: In school, I was below average – in academics, in dramatics, in sports. Football was the only thing I was decent at. But as an experience, school was amazing, even though I sucked at it. The friends I made are still my close friends. After school I went to HR College, by which I mean I stood outside [the college] and ate dosa. Then I went to the School of Visual Arts [in New York] for three years and did a year at Lee Strasberg. After I came back, I began assisting Sanjay Leela Bhansali on Black. That's when I realised how much work a film requires, when I knew which direction I wanted to head in.
GQ: What do you like spending your money on?
RK: There was a time when I used to want to buy a car, a gadget, clothes. I still buy a lot of clothes, but with the other stuff I've realised it's not worth it, because it'll only make you happy temporarily. Now, I'd rather channel my money into investments, to help other people, and save as well. Maybe I'll need it once I'm older.
GQ: How has your personal style evolved?
RK: It's stayed pretty much the same: sneakers, jeans, a T-shirt or a shirt and a New York Yankees cap. I'm a sneakerhead; I usually buy two pairs of each – like they say, “one to rock, one to stock”. I love caps too. I think because I was really shy, it was a kind of security blanket. I could cover my face or look down.
GQ: You're on GQ's Best-Dressed List. Where do you shop?
RK: New York has an amazing sneaker store called Flight Club. I have a reseller – you know, those guys who buy shoes as soon as they're out and then sell them later for a higher price – in London who hooks me up with every kind of sneaker, because the ones I usually like are snapped up within seconds. It could take me a year to get them, and they're also ferociously expensive. Basically, I'm a shopping addict, so I'm shopping all the time – online at Mr Porter; in Amsterdam, in London, at places like Harvey Nichols, Selfridges. But I also don't hoard stuff. So at any given time, I'll only have 15 shirts, never 25-30, even though I'm buying new stuff all the time. I also have a bit of an OCD problem: If you look at my cupboard, everything's neatly organised, the clothes are all colour-coordinated.
GQ: Where do you like to hang out in your house?
RK: I have a lot of books in my study and several amazing Japanese toys that I collect, called BE@RBRICK. Also, a really interesting sculpture by [Hong Kong artist] Michael Lau, who makes these artsy action figures. And I'm a Supreme addict. Everything I own, whether it's underwear, a shaver, a charger, the cover for my phone – everything is Supreme. I don't know, maybe it's the way the logo's written, maybe it's that red is my favourite colour. People around me laugh when they see how much Supreme stuff I own.
GQ: I believe your parents' home has some Jehangir Sabavala paintings. Are you interested in collecting art?
RK: The first time I really invested in art was to buy a work by a [possible] Banksy alias, Mr Brainwash. It's a painting of Charlie Chaplin hugging Micky Mouse, with different collages behind him. But art is new to me, it's something I want to collect over the years. So far this is the only piece I've connected with.
GQ: There was a fire at RK Studios last year. Was much lost?
RK: Apart from the financial and emotional loss, there was a museum, which had all his [Raj Kapoor's] old costumes. A lot of tourists, Russians especially, used to come to see his costumes from Mera Naam Joker, for one. So that's a bummer, it's quite fucked up. It was sad for my grandmother especially. I went to the studio with her – she was in a wheelchair and had tears in her eyes when she saw the damage. Perhaps this accident will spur my uncles and my father to think about doing more with the space.
GQ: Do you see yourself reviving the RK banner?
RK: I find the word “revival” a bit pompous. RK Studios was what it was because of my grandfather – I don't think I have the talent or the storytelling abilities to fly that particular flag. If I want to produce, I'll definitely start something new, which I tried with Jagga Jasoos, with Anurag Basu. If I direct a movie, I'll probably produce it, but not under the RK Studios banner.
GQ: What are you reading right now?
RK: It'll take me a good three or four months to read a book, but I try and read a couple of pages every night. Right now, I'm in the middle of Joan Didion's The Year Of Magical Thinking and Haruki Murakami's What I Talk About When I Talk About Running. I love running, so I'm really enjoying the book. I used to run at Pali Hill late at night, but not so much any more. When I travel, I don't go to the gym, I go to a park. Running in Hyde Park or Central Park – that's an amazing feeling.
GQ: I heard you were giving vaping a go.
RK: I quit smoking for four months, then started rolling cigarettes again just last month – just one or two a day. It's something I'm scared of because I've been a nicotine addict since I was 15, and it's the worst kind of addiction. It's taken me trips to Austria, to this doctor who gave me injections in my ears, to help me quit smoking the first time, because I don't think I have the willpower to give it up on my own. But vaping isn't working for me either – you can't leave one habit for another. Eventually it'll just come back more ferociously.
GQ: What's on your bucket list?
RK: Skydiving. Winning a cup for Mumbai FC [the ISL football team that he co-owns]. Buying a house in New York, and spending some time there. Building a weekend home in Pavna. Mating my two dogs. They're mastiffs, so it's really hard to find girls.
Hair: Team Hakim's Aalim Make-up: Ajay Naik; Assistant Stylists: Tanya Vohra, Ravneet Channa; Fashion Assistant: Desirée Fernandes; Production: Megha Mehta, Anomaly Production.
NOW READ
What's Ranbir Kapoor like in real life?
Ranbir Kapoor in Shamshera and more Bollywood celebrities who played deadly dacoits
Inside Ranbir Kapoor's enviable sneaker collection
> More on Entertainment
A WINTER'S day at my GP's surgery and a typical scene – the waiting room packed to the rafters, set to a soundtrack of coughs and sneezes.
Being there to see the nurse, not a doctor, I breezed straight in. She was streaming with the same cold I had, and so we commiserated with each other.
Then she said: “That's what they're all waiting to see the doctor for. It's this cold.”
And there, in a nutshell, is one of the problems bedevilling the NHS as the inevitable winter crisis looms.
There are still too many people turning up with trivial complaints, gumming up the system and effectively wasting time and resources.
I'm no medic, but I know just as well as the practice nurse that there's nothing a GP can do for the sort of bug that appears as soon as winter arrives and spreads rapidly through workplaces and schools.
Yes, it's a stinker this year, the nurse and I agreed, stubbornly hanging around and taking ages to clear up. But it's just a cold, and the familiar regime of a couple of paracetamol, plenty of hot drinks and keeping warm will make it bearable until it goes.
Except that hadn't registered with quite a number of patients who had soaked up a lot of valuable GP time. Outside, I overheard one complaining that the doctor had refused to prescribe antibiotics with a degree of indignation that ignored the fact he or she knows perfectly well what treatment will work and what won't.
In common with many surgeries, mine shares a building with a pharmacy. It didn't seem to have occurred to quite a number of people waiting that popping in to ask the pharmacist to recommend something to alleviate their symptoms would probably have been just as effective.
But as the nurse said to me as I left: “What can we do? We can't turn people away if they want to see the doctor.”
No they can't, and nor should they. The degree of reassurance that some of those patients will have gained from seeing the doctor and being told that, however grotty they feel, there is nothing really to worry about should not be underestimated.
Nevertheless, we can't go on like this if the NHS is to have even a fighting chance of meeting the demands on it, which places a duty on us all to think twice before picking up the phone to book an appointment, or turning up at accident and emergency with an ailment that cannot be regarded as either.
Despite the extra £337m of what amounts to emergency funding allocated to the NHS in last month's Budget, the service faces one of its toughest winters.
Notice of that was served last week when it emerged that up to 99 per cent of hospital beds were already occupied, and this before the worst of the cold weather arrives, let alone a spike in admissions because of flu.
The familiar issue of bed-blocking is part of the problem, with 11 per cent occupied by patients fit to be discharged but having nowhere to go because of a shortage of social care.
Political arguments can rage backwards and forwards over the level of funding the NHS needs – as they have since the service was founded in 1948 – but it is down to all of us to do our bit to help.
There is no asset or service more prized in Britain than the NHS, which embodies the values of compassion and a sense of social justice that lie at the heart of our national character.
People become very sentimental about it, and rightly so, but that needs to be tempered with a dose of common sense and realism.
In the face of a steadily increasing and ageing population, it simply cannot be all things to all people all the time. During periods of the greatest strain, especially the winter, something has to give.
Acknowledging that means fostering a new sense of national responsibility for the NHS, in which people are encouraged to ask themselves if they really need to see the doctor or turn up at hospital.
No sensible person squanders their household budget unnecessarily, and there is no reason why they should regard the funds available to care for the sick with any less care.
If a visit to the pharmacy or a call to the NHS 111 service provides help, advice or reassurance, and eases the pressure on surgeries or hospitals, then every effort ought to be made to turn doing so into a habit for the public.
The NHS isn't one of those services where if you don't use it, you lose it. It's more a case that if it's used thoughtlessly, its ability to cope will be seriously compromised.
None of us want that, or to find that we can't get a GP appointment when we really need it because the waiting room is full of people with the sniffles.
Shoppers at B&Q in Peterborough had a shock when this car reversed into the shop window this week.
The crash, which involved a white Ford Kuga, took place at the Maskew Avenue branch on Wednesday morning at 8.45am.
The scene of the crash at Peterborough's B&Q. Photo: Joel Babb
Police attended the scene where the vehicle had backed over two bollards and into the window.
The ambulance service was called and paramedics attended the scene.
The vehicle was recovered by 12.06pm.
ICC Champions Trophy 2017: I would like to play for a few more years, says Yuvraj Singh
The veteran left-hander is set to become the fifth Indian cricketer to play 300 ODIs.
by Ram Kumar News 14 Jun 2017, 20:46 IST
Yuvraj has established himself as one of India's greatest ever ODI players
What's the story?
Indian batting stalwart Yuvraj Singh has expressed his desire to keep playing limited-overs cricket for a few more years. Ahead of his landmark 300th ODI, the 35-year-old looked back on his stellar career and singled out his most memorable knocks in the 50-over format.
Yuvraj said, “It's a big achievement for me to finish 300 games in my career. It is a huge honour. When I started playing for India I was happy just playing one game. That would have been a big achievement for me, but it's come a long way. There have been ups and downs, and I am proud of myself. I have come through and still managed to get to 300. At one stage I was thinking if I was going to play another game.”
On his future plans, he enthused, “I have been very blessed to come and play for India again. Let's see how long I can (continue to play). As long as I'm performing and doing well, I'd like to play. Hopefully, (for) a few more years.”
The Background
Yuvraj is set to become only the 5th Indian cricketer to feature in 300 ODIs. Since his debut against Kenya at Nairobi in the 2000 ICC Knockout, the left-hander has played 296 ODIs for India and three games for Asia XI. He has amassed 8622 runs at an average of 36.84 and strike-rate of 87.81 with 14 centuries and 52 half-centuries.
The heart of the matter
When asked to pick his most memorable knocks in ODIs, Yuvraj opted for the unbeaten 57 in the 2011 World Cup quarter-final against Australia at Ahmedabad, 84 against the same country in the 2000 ICC Knockout at Nairobi and the 69 against England in the 2002 Natwest tri-series final at the iconic Lord's Cricket Ground.
Extra Cover: ICC Champions Trophy 2017 – Yuvraj Singh finds the strength to do it, again
Revealing that he liked to be portrayed as a ‘fighter', the southpaw asserted that his battle with cancer could serve as a motivation for people to emerge from the confines of the illness. He pointed to self-belief as the key reason for his ability to stage quite a few comebacks into the Indian team.
What's next?
Yuvraj will reach the milestone when he takes the field during India's semi-final clash against Bangladesh in the 2017 Champions Trophy. With skipper Virat Kohli hoping for a special knock from him to mark the occasion, the onus is on him to make a statement at Edgbaston Stadium in Birmingham.
Author's take
Considering the fact that only 18 cricketers have played 300 or more ODIs, Yuvraj's accomplishment needs to be cherished to a significant extent. Factoring in his recent resurgence in the 50-over format, the veteran has it in him to keep playing for a few more years as long as he is consistently contributing to the team's cause.
A CEREMONIAL brick was laid in the new Bonalbo Multi-Purpose Service (MPS) by Member for Lismore, Thomas George as part of a topping out ceremony to mark the completion of the new facility's roof.
Work is progressing to schedule on Stage 1, comprising 15 residential aged care beds, a 24-hour emergency department, inpatient beds and consultations rooms, due for completion by the end of the year.
Stage 2, comprising 'back of house' staff facilities, kitchen, and staff accommodation is due for completion in mid-2018.
"Today is a marvellous day for the Bonalbo and surrounding communities as the completion of the roof, structural framing, and internal framework marks a significant milestone for the project,” Mr George said.
"The new MPS in Bonalbo will replace the existing hospital and outdated community health building with a modern, integrated health facility that will service the needs of region long into the future.”
Mr George said the project had also brought employment opportunities to the region, particularly for the Aboriginal community.
"To date, there has been the equivalent of 28 full-time positions created, totalling more than 20,000 hours,' Mr George said.
"This includes two full-time Aboriginal staff members - one working as the administrative site assistant, and the other employed as a site supervisor.
"I am also told that there have been several Aboriginal sub-contractors during the past six months, which is a good outcome for local Aboriginal communities.”
Bonalbo MPS is part of a greater $300 million program of works to upgrade existing or build new MPS facilities in a number of rural and remote communities across NSW.
The MPS model tailors healthcare needs for the local community by integrating health, aged care services, and emergency services, to provide flexible health service delivery - from primary health care to acute and residential aged care.
Construction of the Bonalbo MPS project is expected to be completed in mid-2018.
Barnsley head coach Paul Heckingbottom has signed a new one-year deal at Oakwell.
The deal is understood to be an extension of his existing rolling contract but on vastly improved terms.
This new contract shows his commitment to the project that the club is embarking on. He believes in the plans we have in place at Barnsley Football Club like we all do. Gauthier Ganaye
Barnsley chief executive Gauthier Ganaye told The Yorkshire Post in January that it would be very early in February when the club would secure Heckingbottom's future.
The Reds boss had been a target of Championship rivals Sunderland and Nottingham Forest over their vacancies in recent months.
Ganaye said: “This is recognition of Paul's hard work for the last two seasons. Coaching and development is a large part of our model as well as targeting young players so we need to have a head coach who embraces this philosophy and knows how to develop these players, while competing in one of the most competitive leagues in the world.
“This new contract shows his commitment to the project that the club is embarking on. He believes in the plans we have in place at Barnsley Football Club like we all do.
“I look forward to continuing to work closely with Paul as we go into a really important last few months of the season.”
More than a dozen women have accused Donald Trump of making unwanted sexual advances against them years before he entered politics. Photo: Reuters
New York: Three women who have accused US President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct called on Monday for a congressional investigation into his behaviour amid a wave of similar accusations against prominent men in Hollywood, the media and politics.
Over the past two years, more than a dozen women have accused Trump of making unwanted sexual advances against them years before he entered politics.
Three of his accusers, Jessica Leeds, Rachel Crooks, and Samantha Holvey said at a news conference on Monday that the accusations warranted new consideration given the broader discussion of sexual harassment in US society.
Brave New Films, a nonprofit filmmaker, produced a video featuring 16 of Trump's accusers and organised the news conference in New York on Monday. In the film, women accused Trump of kissing them without permission, grabbing their private parts, putting his hand up their skirts, or making other unwanted advances.
Congress should “put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct,” said Crooks, a former receptionist for a real estate firm, who was flanked by Leeds and Holvey.
The women said they do not think Trump will resign over the allegations but that he should be held accountable.
Trump and White House officials have denied the allegations, some of which date back to the 1980s.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgement by delivering a decisive victory,” a White House spokesperson said in a statement on Monday, questioning the women's timing and political motives.
Trump, a Republican, faces legal action in one related case.
Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand told CNN that Trump should resign over the accusations.
“These allegations are credible,” Gillibrand said in an interview on Monday with CNN's Christiane Amanpour. “They are numerous. I've heard these women's testimony, and many of them are heartbreaking.”
Gillibrand recently said former President Bill Clinton, a fellow Democrat, should have stepped down during the 1990s scandal that led the House of Representatives to vote to impeach him. On Monday, she said that if Trump does not immediately resign, Congress “should have appropriate investigations of his behaviour and hold him accountable.”
A number of powerful and high-profile men have been accused in recent months of sexual misconduct, including three members of Congress, Hollywood film producer Harvey Weinstein and former NBC news anchor Matt Lauer.
Reuters has not independently verified the accusations against Trump, Weinstein, Lauer or the three congressmen.
Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations and one of the most high-profile women in Trump's administration, said on Sunday that any woman who has felt mistreated by a man has the right to speak up, even if she is accusing the president.
Democrat Chris Coons, a member of the Senate Judiciary panel, said it was unlikely that the Republican-controlled Congress would act on the accusations, which were known before the November 2016 presidential election.
“My hunch is it gets reviewed at the next election,” Coons told CNN.
Sexual harassment accusations have also been made against Republican candidate Roy Moore who is running in a US Senate race this week in Alabama. Trump has backed Moore, a former judge, even as congressional Republicans denounced the candidate and called on him to pull out of the race.
The accusations against Trump emerged during the 2016 presidential campaign when a videotape surfaced of a 2005 conversation caught on an open microphone in which Trump spoke in vulgar terms about trying to have sex with women.
Trump apologized for the remarks, but called them private “locker-room talk” and said he had not done the things he talked about. Reuters
More than 1,200 people have died from illicit drug overdoses so far this year in B.C.
Numbers released Monday by the BC Coroners Service shows that 96 people lost their lives in October, bringing the year's total to 1,208 deaths.
READ MORE: B.C. hits record number of illicit drug overdose deaths
As has been the case for all of 2017 so far, the highest number of people who died that month were in Vancouver, Surrey and Victoria.
Fentanyl continues to kill. The powerful painkiller was discovered in about one in five overdose deaths this year. According to the Canadian Border Security Agency, the amount of fentanyl seized in the first six months of 2017 is 70 per cent higher than the same period last year.
Men between 30-49 years old remain the most at risk for overdose-related deaths.
Earlier this month, the B.C. government announced it was creating a multi-tiered overdose emergency response centre, to better connect regional and local social workers, health authorities and other workers.
The centre will be made up of experts and full-time health staff at Vancouver General Hospital, with five regional teams implemented at each health authority.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Despite their thrilling winning start to the new Premier League season, Arsenal could be about to lose German international Mesut Ozil to Atletico Madrid.
That's according to this morning's football rumour mill, which also suggests that Liverpool are lining up Napoli's Lorenzo Insigne as a replacement for Barcelona wannabe Philippe Coutinho.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Hopkins caused uproar on Twitter when she compared Meghan Markle to a rape victim in a 'vile' tweet.
The former Apprentice and Celebrity Big Brother star was begged to remove her 'disrespectful' tweet after making a joke about Prince Harry's fiancée.
Katie was met with backlash after writing: "Meghan Markle will be preggers faster than an 11yr old white girl in #Telford"
She posted the comment on Child Sexual Exploitation Awareness Day, which asks the world to unite against the crimes.
(Image: Getty)
Her tweet comes after a woman spoke out about being raped by nine men in one night as a 14-year-old girl .
The unnamed victim was snared by evil paedophile Shahzad 'Keith' Khan, who operated a child sex ring from an empty council property where he subjected dozens of youngsters to terrifying ordeals.
According to police statements and the victim's testimony, Khan took the virginity the 14-year-old girl, now in her 30s, and then made up to £2,000 a night selling her for sex with scores of men.
Katie was met with a lot of backlash online, but as ever, stood her ground, refusing to remove the tweet and responding directly to her critics.
Lucy Allan, MP for Telford, was among those to message Katie.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Quoting her tweet, she said: "Please take down this vile tweet. Lack of respect for victims is the cause of this horrific crime and is why it is not identified and prosecuted. Today is #CSEDay2018"
Katie wrote back: "Be outraged @lucyallan - I don't give a damn what ‘day' you say it is. It's another day where our daughters are gang raped by majority Pakistani men. Get off @Twitter Get us out patrolling streets, walking our girls home, educating children. We are all complicit. #TelfordGirls"
Another person said to Katie: "This sick disgusting so-called celebrity thinks this is funny"
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
She responded: "Be outraged, sir. NOW. Ask those you have @‘d WHERE WERE THEY? Why did they do nothing? Did they look away? Did they not know? Did they ignore our daughters, raped by multiple Muslim men, night after night after night?"
One wrote to her: "So what everyone seems to be gathering from your very pointless take on this situation is that apparently us simple folks in Telford have sat back and done nothing and require you, of all people, to tweet something awful in order for something to be done. Wow."
She hit back: "With the greatest of respect, I agree. You have not done enough in Telford. Where were you when little girls were driven to rape shops? Where were your patrols? Why no footage online? Where are the car number plates? Where were you? On TWITTER? The Establishment is not our ally"
Khan died in 2015 aged 61 without ever having faced justice over the sex abuse ring.
He had targeted girls as early as 1981, shortly after moving to Britain from Pakistan.
It's not the first time Katie's controversial views have been met with backlash.
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
She will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” she said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
The British prime minister, Theresa May, is visiting the U.S. Tomorrow, she'll meet with President Trump at the White House. They will likely agree to increase trade between their countries, but there might be some friction about NATO. Trump sees the alliance as a way for weak nations to freeload off America's military. May told congressional Republicans today American leadership of NATO is vital to the defense of the West. NPR's Frank Langfitt has more from London.
FRANK LANGFITT, BYLINE: During the presidential race, Donald Trump routinely described the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a Cold War relic.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: I think NATO may be obsolete. NATO was set up a long time ago - many, many years ago when things were different. Things are different now. We were a rich nation then.
LANGFITT: That's how he put it on Bloomberg TV.
TRUMP: So we're the ones always fighting. We're the ones putting up a lot of the money for NATO, disproportionately - a lot.
LANGFITT: And then at last week's inauguration, as the world watched, President Trump said this.
TRUMP: We've defended other nation's borders while refusing to defend our own.
IAN BOND: I think the message that Europeans will hear from that is - we don't care about your security any longer.
LANGFITT: Ian Bond is director of foreign policy at the Centre for European Reform, a think tank in London. He served for nearly three decades as a British diplomat.
Has NATO countries ever heard a message like this from an American president before?
BOND: Certainly not for as long as far back as I can remember.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: On April 4, 1949, the North Atlantic Treaty was signed by Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands...
LANGFITT: ...And, of course, the United States. The purpose - deter the Soviet Union. The USSR is long gone, but Russia isn't. In fact, under President Vladimir Putin, it's been increasingly aggressive, invading Ukraine and annexing Crimea in 2014. The world has changed, but Bond says NATO remains vitally important.
BOND: There's no question that Russia would not have invaded Ukraine if Ukraine had already been a NATO member and benefiting from NATO's defense guarantee.
LANGFITT: President Trump, though, sees NATO as more of a burden than a benefit, as he explained on Bloomberg last year.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TRUMP: It doesn't really help us. It's helping other countries, and I don't think those other countries appreciate what we're doing.
LANGFITT: In fact, NATO has sacrificed a lot for America.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: It was one of the worst ever single instance involving British troops in Afghanistan when a massive roadside bomb exploded under a warrior armored vehicle on patrol in Helmand.
LANGFITT: This is from a report by Britain's Channel 4 about six soldiers who were killed in 2012 while fighting alongside American troops as part of the NATO force there. More than 450 British personnel have died in Afghanistan. The U.K. joined the NATO force that went to war there after the attack on the Twin Towers. Dana Allin thinks President Trump doesn't quite get it. Allin is a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a London think tank.
DANA ALLIN: He says, for example, that NATO is obsolete because it's not fighting terrorism. It's not clear that he understands that many NATO countries sent troops to Afghanistan to help the United States there after 9-11 and lost lives.
LANGFITT: Earlier this week, Secretary of Defense James Mattis called Michael Fallon, his counterpart here in the U.K., to reassert America's, quote, "unshakeable commitment to NATO." Allin hopes General Mattis rubs off on Trump, whose position is wildly at odds with American military leaders.
ALLIN: We have a Pentagon and a huge military establishment that is committed to the defense, for example, of the Baltic states.
LANGFITT: That's Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania - fellow NATO members which all have borders with Russia. And observers of NATO say some of Trump's criticisms are reasonable.
BEYZA UNAL: To be fair, there are things that he said that was quite right - the defense spending in NATO, which is below 2 percent.
LANGFITT: Beyza Unal is referring to a longtime complaint that most NATO countries don't spend at least 2 percent of their GDP on defense like they're supposed to. Unal's a research fellow at Chatham House, a policy institute here.
UNAL: Rather, he should have, I think, said that NATO needs transformation, and that is what everyone agrees at the moment.
LANGFITT: If Trump's criticisms lead to reform of NATO, Unal says all the better. That would probably make lots of people happy, including U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May. Frank Langfitt, NPR News, London. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Golf - Winning one major is a great year, says Spieth
by Reuters News 15 Aug 2017, 03:20 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jordan Spieth tees off on the 10th hole during the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - A major season that began with the Masters favourite falling down stairs ended with one of the game's best young players capturing the PGA Championship, a reminder of the ephemeral nature of the most unpredictable of sports.
Dustin Johnson was the focus of the golf world on the eve of the Masters, coming off three successive victories, having ascended to the world number one ranking and for a few months an unstoppable juggernaut.
Four months later, Johnson is almost a peripheral figure and Justin Thomas is the talk of the town, though the latter barely figured in discussions on the eve of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow which finished on Sunday.
Instead, the media was obsessed with Jordan Spieth's quest to surpass Tiger Woods as the youngest man to complete the career grand slam, while Rory McIlroy was the pre-tournament favourite, at least in the eyes of those who like to place money on the outcome.
But Spieth was never a factor at Quail Hollow, while McIlroy ended the week saying he might take an extended break in an effort to deal with pain in his back and left arm.
How do you make sense of it all? It's golf, a sport where almost every major offers a different cast of lead characters, and nobody takes the starring role more than occasionally.
“We won one of the majors,” said British Open champion Spieth, the 'we' referring to himself and his caddie.
“I understand that's a great year in the majors. If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest player ever to have played the game.
“Winning them is so difficult you can have a fantastic year without winning a major. Look at what Tiger (Woods) did in 2013. He won five events, including a Players Championship (but did not win a major).”
Masters champion Sergio Garcia does not need to be told how difficult it is to win a major. The former teenage phenomenon was 0-for-73 until he beat Justin Rose in a playoff at Augusta.
“I did think about am I ever going to win one?” Garcia said after putting on the prized green jacket. “I've had so many good chances and either I lost them or someone has done something extraordinary to beat me. So it did cross my mind.”
Brooks Koepka blew away the field in the final round to win the U.S. Open at Erin Hills, while Spieth produced an astonishing finish -- five-under over a four-hole stretch -- to edge Matt Kuchar at the British Open.
The PGA Championship, which plodded along laboriously for three days, suddenly came to life on the back nine on Sunday, with five tied for the lead at one stage before 24-year-old Thomas emerged triumphant.
Golf fans must now wait eight long months for the next major, during which time the spotlight will turn again to Irishman McIlroy and his quest to become the sixth man to complete the modern grand slam.
So who will be the next player to join the major champions club -- Hideki Matsuyama? Rickie Fowler? Jon Rahm?
Maybe it will be one of that trio, but it just as likely to be someone barely on the radar right now. That's golf.
(Reporting by Andrew Both; editing by Ken Ferris)
Black History Month was celebrated by the Genesee District Library with an annual brunch.
On Saturday, Feb. 3, folks gathered at the Genesys Conference and Banquet Center in Grand Blanc for a meal, live entertainment, and honoring local leaders.
The main performance of the event featured an a cappella group called Linkin' Bridge.
It was a packed house as people came out to support the library and the community.
Some of the proceeds from the brunch will benefit the library's summer reading challenge for more than 6,000 students.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
For the City Times
Plover VFW Post 10262 is hosting its monthly steak and omelet breakfast fundraiser on Sunday, April 23.
The breakfast will be held from 8:30 AM to noon and will feature a choice of steak and omelet combo for $8.50, or sausage and omelet combo for $7.50.
Prices also include hash browns, buttermilk or potato pancakes, toast and a choice of coffee, milk, tomato juice or orange juice. A children's plate for ages 12 and younger is $3.00 and includes two sausages, two pancakes, toast and a choice of tomato juice, orange juice, or milk.
All proceeds from the fundraiser will be used to purchase equipment for the Plover VFW Rifle Squad and Color Guard, which performs military honors for fallen veterans at all military funerals, conducts ceremonies at area cemeteries on Memorial Day and Veterans' Day, and supports an award for an Outstanding Cadet at the annual UWSP – ROTC Annual Military Ball.
The Plover VFW Auxiliary will be holding a bake sale fundraiser in conjunction with the breakfast. Proceeds from the bake sale support the Plover VFW Auxiliary.
This will be the final breakfast and bake sale of the season until fall.
The Post is located at 2970 Hickory Drive in Plover.
Now Playing 3 Shows We're Excited to See This Summer
It appears that Raina and Nimah Anwar, both played by the lovely and talented Yasmine Al Massri, will not be returning for Quantico Season 3.
After a shaky Season 2, Quantico lost its showrunner Josh Safran, and now it has apparently lost one of its original cast members as well.
Quantico Gets a Season 3 but There's a Catch
Yasmine Al Massri took to Instagram earlier this week to announce her exit from the show, saying, "Thank u for your love and support from all around the world that made Nima and Reina one of the fans favorite characters on #quantico #quanticoabc #nimareina#twins .. time to say good bye."
Thank u for your love and support from all around the world that made Nima and Reina one of the fans favorite characters on #quantico #quanticoabc #nimareina #twins .. time to say good bye 👋 A post shared by Yasmine Al Massri (@jazmasri) on Jun 9, 2017 at 3:42pm PDT
Quantico is set to return in January of 2018 to ABC.
How a few NFL know-nothings have made the national anthem an item of controversy is beyond me. They must hate the United States. Hatred of the United States may not have been a deep secret of the progressive left, but it wasn't proudly proclaimed for public consumption. Now you don't have to take the trouble to suffer through the teachings of Woodrow Wilson or Howard Zinn to get a clue.
Scrolling through the news this morning I am grateful to have come across the Daily Caller's account of the joint rendition of the anthem performed by the choirs of the two service academies before yesterday's Army-Navy football game: “Army-Navy game's stunning national anthem rendition puts every kneeling NFL player to shame.”
The game was played before a crowd of nearly 70,000 at Philadelphia's Lincoln Financial Field on Saturday. Wearing white in tribute to the the Army's storied 10th Mountain Division, Army rallied past Navy to prevail 14-13 in “a snowy thriller.” For Navy, the loss was an achingly close heartbreaker. (The Washington Post has a detailed account of the game.) The anthem, however, must have counted as a winner for both sides.
The income schemes witnessed net outflows to the tune of Rs50,090 crore in the month of September, the highest since March. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Equity mutual fund's assets under management (AUMs) soared to a new record, of Rs6.59 trillion, on the back of continued strong inflows in equity schemes, and as markets were a bit subdued.
The net inflows in equity schemes for September totalled to Rs18,936 crore – a tab below August's record high of Rs20,362 crore, but the second-highest ever. Meanwhile, benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty shed 1.41% and 1.3% in the month respectively.
“There has been some amount of profit booking too in the equity schemes, but overall it is still going,” said Harsha Upadhyaya, chief investment officer (CIO)-equity at Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Co. Ltd.
“All eyes are now on the earnings season, and investors hope they are not worse than June quarter numbers. The commentary along with the earnings will be keenly watched for the path ahead,' added Upadhaya.
Kaustubh Belapurkar, director of fund research at Morningstar Investment Adviser India Pvt. Ltd, pointed that equities have been an under-penetrated asset class, and seeing the good run up, investors have been coming in.
“Money is moving from physical assets to financial assets, and to that extent equity as well as debt funds are benefitting. Luckily, these flows are coming into equities at a time when there are net outflows to foreign investors,” said Belpurkar.
Foreign institutional investors pulled out a net of Rs11,836.18 from Indian shares in the month of September.
The total AUMs of the mutual fund industry edged lower to Rs20.4 trillion at the end of September, from Rs20.6 trillion, mainly on outflows from income schemes.
The income schemes witnessed net outflows to the tune of Rs50,090 crore in the month of September, the highest since March.
“I suspect most of this would be outflows form corporates from the ultra-short bond funds. In September, when advance tax instalment is due, such outlflows are pretty normal at the end of each quarter,” said Belapurkar of Morningstar.
The royal wedding was magical for so many reasons, one of which was the fact that Oprah was in attendance.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Writing in the August edition of O, The Oprah Magazine, Oprah finally opens up about what attending the royal wedding was really like, and she doesn't hold back. She reveals:
"I was unprepared for the depth of emotion I felt stepping onto the grounds of Windsor Castle. It literally took my breath away. I exclaimed out loud to no-one in particular: 'Whoa! This right here is a whole 'nother level!'"
Basically, Oprah was all of us watching the royal wedding, except the rest of us were just at home on the couch seeing the fairytale take place on our television sets.
Getty Images
Oprah was also overwhelmed by the significance of the occasion, as she wrote:
"And I thought immediately of the history, the legacy, the astounding moment Meghan Markle was stepping into. And what it would take to be prepared for such a moment. The life she was leaving behind and the new world to which she was rising—all part of a destiny she helped design."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Basically, Oprah was ecstatic to watch Meghan Markle become the Duchess of Sussex when she married Prince Harry on May 19.
The Wrinkle in Time actor also referenced the "the power of love" that was evident throughout Meghan and Harry's wedding, which is more than a little adorable.
Lucky enough to be invited to the wedding of the year, Oprah definitely appreciated every moment of the day, as she writes, "We all want to feel as radiant, joyful, and alive as Meghan looked on her way down the aisle to meet Harry. Both of them were glowing with happiness."
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers is not losing any sleep over the fact that he is still without a championship ring.
What might make the fact even sourer is that out of the three quarterbacks taken in the first 15 rounds of the 2004 NFL Draft, Rivers is the only one without a Super Bowl win under his belt, per NFL's media services.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and Pittsburgh Steelers signal caller Ben Roethlisberger have both won two Super Bowls. Of course, Manning was actually drafted by the Bolts but demanded a trade to New York, and in exchange the Chargers received Rivers.
Rivers talked about the link between himself, Manning and Roethlisberger on ESPN NFL Insider's Adam Schefter's Know Them From Adam podcast.
“I can honestly say, Ben and Eli winning championships in no way adds more motivation to want to win one, Rivers said, per ESPN. “Do I know that we're always going to be linked
“Do I know that we're always going to be linked as those three guys in that draft class? Absolutely, as we should. And that's the one thing that will always come up thus far, is that I'm the one of those three that hasn't been able to lead their team to a championship,” Rivers expounded.
In addition, the 35-year-old Rivers added that he is motivated to win a ring for the Chargers' organization and for no other reason, saying that he feels the team has a chance a Super Bowl in 2017 despite coming off of a five-win season in 2016.
A group of burglars wearing balaclavas burst into a house and threw a 'noxious substance' in a man's face, leaving him with breathing problems.
The incident happened as part of a botched burglary in the early hours of the morning today (Friday).
The group, wearing balaclavas, went into the house before throwing a noxious substance at the resident when confronted.
The substance - some sort of ammonia - led to the victim being taken to hospital with breathing problems.
But the burglars left empty-handed and fled the scene in a black Range Rover.
The incident occurred at around 1.15am (06/10) on Bell Street, Upton, Wakefield.
The resident, a man in his 30s, was taken to hospital for treatment. His condition is described as not being life threatening.
Detective Inspector Dave Watts, of Wakefield District CID, said: “The liquid used was found to be ammonia based and led to the victim having respiratory issues. He remains in hospital at this time in a serious, but not life-threatening condition.
“We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries into the incident and would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the burglary or who has any information that could assist the investigation.
“We would also like to hear from anyone who saw a black Range Rover driving in the area at the time of the incident.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact Wakefield District CID via 101 quoting crime number 13170462259 or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A man has been arrested after armed police were called out in Bridlington.
The incident took place at about 10.15am near to Bridlington Priory this morning (Wednesday, July 4).
Residents reported seeing a number of armed officers and several police cars, and Sewerby Road was closed between the church and Watsons Avenue.
A Humberside Police spokesman said: "We were called with reports of a disturbance on Sewerby Road, Bridlington shortly after 10.15am today.
"Officers attended and a man was arrested on suspicion of affray, he remains in our custody at this time."
-> Best fan reactions as Yorkshire celebrated England's World Cup win
A dog owned by a couple raised in Leeds is the first in the world to receive leg extensions modelled on Paralympic sprinters' “blades”.
Gill and John Dalley's pet Cola lost his front legs in an incident when he was a pup in Bangkok. Cola was later brought to the Thai holiday island of Phuket by Leeds-raised Mrs Dalley, a founder of the Soi Dog Foundation, which rescues and treats sick and injured dogs and cats.
Mrs Dalley, who died in February, felt an affinity for Cola because she had lost both legs after contracting septicaemia. She asked Bengt Soderberg, owner of the Scandinavian Orthopedic Laboratory in Phuket, to create the dog's “blades”.
How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message
The director Harold Ramis didn't intend for his movie Groundhog Day to be heralded by religious thinkers as an example of how to live life, but that's exactly what happened after it was released in 1993. Salon reporter Mary Elizabeth Williams tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that after fighting cancer, she has come to understand the movie's universal message.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Stop me if you've heard this one before.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
BILL MURRAY: (As Phil) It's February 2, Groundhog Day.
SHAPIRO: Today is not just the day that Punxsutawney Phil looks for his shadow. This year is also the 25th anniversary of the movie "Groundhog Day."
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
MURRAY: (As Phil) A thousand people freezing their butts off, waiting to worship a rat.
SHAPIRO: The Bill Murray comedy about a weatherman who lives the same day over and over has had staying power. Philosophy classes include "Groundhog Day" in their syllabus. There was even a Broadway adaptation - "Groundhog Day: The Musical."
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY: THE MUSICAL")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTORS: (As characters, singing) If I had my time again, I'd open all the doors I never looked behind before and...
SHAPIRO: Mary Elizabeth Williams has written about why this movie struck a chord, and she has a new article about it in Salon. Welcome.
MARY ELIZABETH WILLIAMS: Thank you for having me.
SHAPIRO: Rough plot outline - in this movie, Bill Murray's character starts out as kind of awful person. And as he lives the same day over and over and over again, he eventually becomes a more selfless person. What's the secret sauce here?
WILLIAMS: I think it has such amazing durability for a couple of reasons. It's very clear that it does somehow tap into so many of the themes of philosophy, of faith, of religion that I think can be so neatly applied to so many different kinds of belief systems. But I've also found that you can watch it at different times in your life and see different things in it.
SHAPIRO: When you first watched it you were, like, in your 20s.
WILLIAMS: Yeah. And now, 25 years later - it's half a lifetime later, and it feels like such a different story to me now because it really is about this character who's closer in age to now where I am who has made a lot of mistakes and is learning and keeps learning.
SHAPIRO: And is the lesson that you take away when you watch it now that, well, if you could live every day over again you'd be able to perfect it, but since you can't you're kind of stuck? Or is the lesson that we all have an opportunity - I mean, like, what do you get out of it?
WILLIAMS: I feel it's so resonant right now because I look around me and everything I see or read seems to be about maximizing your time and maximizing your efficiency.
SHAPIRO: Right.
WILLIAMS: And this is really a story about the incredible, painstaking, patience-testing process of learning and failing. And it's certainly not about building skill sets in terms of doing card tricks or learning how to play the piano...
SHAPIRO: Which are things that he does over the course of the movie.
WILLIAMS: Exactly. But what ultimately gets him to that next level of transcendence or however you want to apply your belief system to it is by kindness, is by community, is by becoming a part of something and starting to work not for benefiting himself, but benefiting other people.
SHAPIRO: We actually have a clip of the director, Harold Ramis, who was famous for "Ghostbusters" and "Caddyshack" and other legendary comedies that were maybe a little less profound. And this was almost a decade ago. Before he died, he told the Hudson Union Society that almost as soon as the movie came out he started to hear from Catholic priests and Jewish scholars and psychoanalysts. And they all said this movie was clearly a metaphor for the teachings that their group subscribes to.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
HAROLD RAMIS: My mother-in-law lived for 35 years in a Zen Buddhist meditation center. I called her right away on the weekend, and she said they saw it, they - the abbots and the senior monks. She said they loved it. They thought it expresses a fundamental Buddhist concept.
SHAPIRO: I mean, it's pretty remarkable - right? - that all these different groups each saw their own teachings in this kind of screwball comedy.
WILLIAMS: Well, I think it's pretty great because it implies that there is something beyond the teachings of any one particular faith or philosophy, that this is a deeply humane film, that this is really a story of humanity and the story of the big questions we ask about what we're doing with our time. It's perfect because what is "Groundhog Day"? It's this, you know, completely kind of random, silly, superstitious thing that's about, how much more time are we going to have to wait until we get to something better?
SHAPIRO: You had an experience in your own life that I imagine was pretty profound. You survived stage 4 cancer. And when we think about how much time we have left on this earth, I would imagine that a fatal illness kind of gives you a different perspective on that.
WILLIAMS: It does. It's both profound and there's something really reassuring about knowing that on some level you're going to be the same goofy time waster you ever were. I had metastatic cancer and I still spend way too much time looking at Instagram. It's not like I go out and plant trees every day. But it definitely changed my relationship with time. Whether you have a little bit of time or a lot of time, kind of the only thing that really matters is how much you can give to other people. That's what I learned in having a little bit of time, and that's what I think Phil learns in having a lot of time.
SHAPIRO: Mary Elizabeth Williams speaking with us about the 25th anniversary of the movie "Groundhog Day." It's been a pleasure. Thank you.
WILLIAMS: Thank you so much. Happy Groundhog Day and every day out there.
(SOUNDBITE OF MANFRED MANN'S "I GOT YOU BABE")
SHAPIRO: Stop me if you've heard this one before.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
MURRAY: (As Phil) It's February 2, Groundhog Day.
SHAPIRO: Just kidding.
(SOUNDBITE OF MANFRED MANN'S "I GOT YOU BABE")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Some 60,000 facilities used by the public, such as hospitals and traditional marketplaces across the country, will undergo safety checks starting next week, the government said Friday.The inspections come amid heightened safety concerns after two deadly fires claimed dozens of lives at a hospital in Miryang, South Gyeongsang Province, last week and at a fitness center in Jecheon, North Chungcheong Province, in December.The 60,000 establishments categorized as “high-risk facilities” include small- and medium-sized hospitals, nursing homes, flophouses, postnatal care centers, public bathhouses and traditional marketplaces.Starting with traditional marketplaces ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday, government officials and experts will conduct inspections for two months until March 30.The government finalized the plan during a video conference of local government chiefs presided over by Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon on Friday.For each facility inspected, inspectors will be given a checklist of 20 to 30 items from local governments, which they will file and submit under their names.A second round of safety checks will be conducted randomly to verify the initial inspections. Those found to have made poor or false safety reports will be punished under related rules, the government said.Local governments will handle any necessary repairs or reinforcement works using their disaster management funds and fire safety subsidies.For local governments that invest heavily in safety inspections, repairs or reinforcement works, the Ministry of Interior and Safety plans to provide financial assistance using its 20 billion-won special subsidy tax revenues.After the inspections, the government will follow up on whether the managers of the facilities have redressed the safety problems as ordered by the inspectors.The government also plans to revise rules to allow public access to the results of the safety inspections via the ministry's website.By Kim So-hyun ( sophie@heraldcorp.com
EL CENTRO – As the 2017 high school football season approaches, the Central High School Spartans have hit the field, fine tuning their new system with Head Coach David Pena and the new Varsity coaching staff he's implemented.
The Spartans finished last season with three wins and eight losses, and two of the wins were Imperial Valley League victories over Palo Verde and Calexico high schools.
This season, the Spartans aim to surpass their 2016 record by learning the new offensive formations Coach Pena has implemented.
“The short term goal for our offensive is to make sure the players understand the new system we are running,” said Pena. “And as coaches, it is our job to make sure the players are learning, because our team can only be good as our players' understanding allows them to be.”
On the other side of the field, the Spartan defense will be a four-down team that will work to keep the plays in front of them. Central will look to minimize the opponent's score by not giving them the chance to make the big plays that causes teams to fall behind.
“A team's defense wins games, and by being a four-down team, we will work to give our offense more time on the field to make plays and drive the ball into our end zone,” said Pena.
Since a majority of the team are returning seniors, the players are learning brand-new techniques that differ from the ones they executed last year.
“The style of play has changed a lot since last year and our team is improving everyday,” said Central linebacker Kevin Even. “The attitude the coaches produce out on the field is also more motivating, and that allows us to give more effort than last season.”
The team will also continue to work on unity and understanding by relating to football through prior knowledge, the coach said.
“If the players are learning the system, then I will never work,” Pena said. “And to relate to players, we use their prior knowledge to help them relate to the vision the coaching staff has been trying to implement.”
“Our team has already improved so much since the beginning. We will only continue to get better if our coaches continue to push us and expect the best performance every time, because by them being harder on us, it drives us to be better players to represent Spartan football,” Even said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating a chilling threat written on a school wall warning of a mass shooting .
The message was found scrawled in a bathroom at Skyview High School in Nampa, Idaho, last week.
Inked in red pen, the handwritten note warns of a shooting at the school planned for Tuesday April 18.
It reads: "School will be shot up at 4-18-17 at 10:24 a.m. There will be a gang of 17 students doing this.
"They will target all the teachers and administrators first, then they will kill the students one by one."
(Photo: Instagram/maggiektvb7)
The threat also warns against involving the authorities.
"If 911 is called, all hell will break loose. If you want to survive... Stay home!"
The threat also names a student allegedly involved in the plot.
Neither police nor the school have confirmed whether the student had anything to do with the message or an attack, the Idaho Press-Tribune reported.
Skyview Principal Will Barber wrote to parents on Friday confirming that the school is aware of the treat and is working closely with police to make sure students are safe.
He wrote: "The well-being and safety of the school, our students, and staff is the priority of the Nampa School District and the Nampa Police Department.
"We appreciate those who have called to make sure we know about the situation and encourage you to always keep us in the loop if you see or hear anything that concerns you."
US Women's Open field battling wet conditions, each other
US Women's Open field battling wet conditions, each other
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 02:31 IST 11 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Inbee Park's 12th U.S. Women's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason: the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek.
The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon, with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains.
"This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women's Open," said Park, a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013. "We just don't know what's going to happen.
"Coming into the U.S. Women's Open, I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we've never played lift, clean and place. We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is."
Practice rounds were canceled Tuesday and the course closed, other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range. More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice.
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds.
John Bodenhamer, USGA's senior managing director, said officials didn't plan to use lift, clean and place for the first time in one of the organization's championships.
"It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies," Bodenhamer said Wednesday.
The LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain. The field, which includes 10 past Open champions, arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate.
Pernilla Lindberg won the year's first major at the ANA Inspiration, the 11th consecutive women's major with a different winner.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of canceled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
Profectus Capital will exclusively focus on lending to SME businesses operating in a dozen targeted subsectors. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: UK-based private equity firm Actis is setting up a non-banking financial services company (NBFC)—Profectus Capital—that will lend to small and medium enterprises, the PE firm said in statement.
Actis plans to fund the platform with up to $220 million of equity capital over a five-year period.
The PE fund is backing a team led by former CEO of Reliance Commercial Finance K.V. Srinivasan. Profectus Capital will exclusively focus on lending to SME businesses operating in a dozen targeted subsectors.
“We are looking to build a high quality, professional and successful institution focused on the core of the fast growing Indian economy, its SME sector. We are really privileged to work with K.V. and his team who have a stellar track record building a high quality business in the sector,” said Asanka Rodrigo, partner and head of South Asia at Actis.
India has a deep culture of small family businesses with over 30 million SMEs and the sector is experiencing secular growth in demand for credit, Actis said.
The commitment to Profectus Capital follows Actis' recent investment in India's largest digital retail payments platform Pine Labs.
Profectus will exclusively focus on lending to SME businesses operating in a dozen targeted subsectors-
In March, Mint reported that Pine Labs raised $82 million in an investment round led by Actis Capital, along with Altimeter Capital.
“SMEs are a vital cog in the Indian economy and have a huge unmet demand for capital. We believe that NBFCs are best placed to serve this demand in the most efficient manner. We sought out an experienced management team and had a meeting of minds with K.V. who shared our vision and values,” said Pratik Jain, director at Actis.
“Actis has developed unparalleled expertise in financial services sectors with investments in banks, NBFCs, payments and wealth management businesses across growth markets. In India, Actis has played a significant role in building successful lending institutions before. It was a 26% shareholder in UTI Bank (now Axis Bank) and a founding investor in IDFC,” the statement said.
Actis has also invested in other sectors in India by creating platforms run by professional managements.
Roads have been closed after a teenage girl was hit by a car in Worle, Weston-super-Mare
Avon and Somerset Constabulary said that Clovelly road in Forle was closed following “an incident”.
Pedestrians are being told to avoid the stretch of road is between the junction with Tavistock Road to Tamar Court which is closed whole emergency services attend the incident.
Drivers are able to access Tamar Court from Bideford Road but cannot go any further.
The Avon and Somerset Constabulary press office confirmed that they were called to a collision between a car and a teenage girl at 3.20pm. They did not have confirmation of the girl's exact age.
The Post has contacted the South West Ambulance Foundation Trust press office for a comment.
Did you witness this incident? Please contact us on 0117 934 3285 or email joe.smith@localworld.co.uk
ALAMEDA, Calif. — The approach Oakland Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie takes into the NFL draft is no different with Jon Gruden as coach as it was in previous years with Jack Del Rio and Dennis Allen at the helm.
"The board will still be doing the talking," McKenzie said. "It really will."
Trusting the board paid off handsomely back in 2014 when Oakland ended up with 2016 Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack and starting quarterback Derek Carr with its top two picks.
It hasn't worked out as well the past two years when the Raiders haven't added any impact players, with last year's top two picks, cornerback Gareon Conley and safety Obi Melifonwu, barely even getting on the field as rookies because of injuries.
"We're not going to beat up on some of these guys who physically were not able to get out there and play," McKenzie said.
"Hopefully some of these guys from the past drafts, we can get them out there, keep them healthy and see what they can do. Hopefully this is the year. Even the guys we draft this year, we have no idea if they can make it through OTAs or training camp and preseason healthy. You just hope and pray they can be there for us and see what they can do during the season."
After dropping from 12 wins in 2016 to just six a year ago, the Raiders fired coach Jack Del Rio and are looking to rebound under Gruden. The team has made many additions so far this off-season mostly to add depth and role players.
The hope is Oakland can add a potential impact starter with the 10th overall pick and fill other key spots with players who fit Gruden's system with its 10 other selections .
"It's all about coming together and feeling each other out and getting all the information from the coaches," McKenzie said. "Getting the information from the scouts. Then we set the board. Guys, it's not rocket science. It really isn't. It's just trying to get a feel for a new system. New coaches, what they like and what they don't like. That's the process."
Here are some other things to look for in the draft:
VAUGHAN, Ont. — Recipe Unlimited Corporation will eliminate plastic straws from its 19 restaurant brands including Swiss Chalet, Harvey's, Kelsey's and East Side Mario's.
The restaurant giant formerly known as Cara Operations will start phasing out its plastic straws in August.
Recipe Unlimited says it will dump plastic straws because of their impact on the environment and wildlife and the company's commitment to recyclable materials.
It hopes to offer paper straws in all of its restaurants by the end of March 2019.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claudio Raniei saw Leicester's struggles on the road continue as they were forced to settle for a point in a bore draw at the Riverside Stadium.
Not for the first time this season, the reigning Premier League Champions lacked a cutting edge, and badly missed Jamie Vardy as their joint league top scorer served the last of a three-match ban.
Middlesbrough weren't much better going forward in a New Year's non-event where neither side deserved to come out on top. Gaston Ramirez should have won it for the Teessiders with eight minutes left when he latched onto a weak clearing header from Foxes skipper Wes Morgan, only for the Uruguayan forward to pull his left-foot shot wide from close range.
Boro made most of the running, especially after the break when Leicester seemed to settle for a draw in their battle to avoid following a title success with relegation. Leonardo Ulloa should have done better with a late close range header straight at Brad Guzan, and it's now just three points from 30 on their travels this term, with their last away win in the league having arrived at Sunderland in April.
George Friend cut in from the left to shoot narrowly over as Middlesbrough dominated. The substitute impressed after replacing the hamstrung Antoio Barragan, and provided an inviting cross which Adam Forshaw was unable to convert from close range. Aitor Karanka's side had early penalty claims turned down when Adama Traore tangled with Robert Huth on the edge of the box but it proved to be a rare moment of excitement in a contest that will not live long in the memory and one which did little to ease the two sides' relegation fears.
1) Guzan in titfer-tat move
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
There have been many times down the years when a striker has spurned a hat-trick, but when was the last time a keeper did the same? Step forward, Brad Guzan. A lunchtime kick-off and a low winter sun gave the United States stopper a perfect chance to take us back to the 70s when custodians regularly sported all kinds of weird and wonderful headgear to protect their eyes from the glare. Despite plenty of advice from the stands to follow suit, the 32-year-old simply used his arm to do the job until the Teesside sun eventually took its leave.
2) On the road to hell with Leicester
(Photo: PA)
It's now 267 days and counting since Leicester won away in the Premier League, and this was the 10th time they have failed to take maximum points on their travels this term. Little can they have imagined that, when winning 2-0 at Sunnderland on April 10 last year thanks to goals from Jamie Vardy on their way to the Premier League title, that they would head into 2017 looking for their next road trip success.
3) On the Road to Hell with Bob
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Whatever Middlesbrough's result, you can always count on celebrity supporter Bob Mortimer to raise a smile among fans. Vic Reeves' comedy sidekick is a regular at the Riverside Stadium, and name-checked another famous son of the town with perhaps the most Teesside' gag of the day prior to kick-off, when he revealed to his Twitter followers: "On way to Middlesbrough for the match... Just passed Chris Rea driving the other way... Wonder where he's been?"
4) Rest can be bad for you
(Photo: Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty)
Amidst all the bleating from managers regarding the swift turn around required for teams playing on Saturday and Monday - Middlesbrough and Leicester kicked-off just 43 hours after the end of their previous game - it was interesting to see Boro defender Antonio Barragan limp off with hamstring trouble before half-time. Not the same Antonio Barragan who was suspended for the defeat at Manchester United, and who unlike the majority of the other players on show at the Riverside came into the game on the back of week's rest and recuperation? Just for balance, this was Leicester captain Wes Morgan's 81st consecutive Premier League appearance.
5) Would you Adam and Eve it? Clayton has come a long way
(Photo: Plumb Images)
Four years ago almost to the day, Adam Clayton was part of the Huddersfield Town side hammered 6-1 at the King Power Stadium. This Middlesbrough midfielder continues to prove he's more than capable of making the step up to the top flight after last season's promotion-winning campaign, and he can now boast that he has twice finished unbeaten against the reigning Premier League Champions this term.
Maxine Waters now sees a Russian behind every mailbox and lamp post.During an anti-Trump tirade at an urban housing event, the California congresswoman went on a stem winder about Russia and the Kremlin's alleged love for the American president.She theorized Russia wanted to elect Trump so he would lift sanctions to allow Russia to drill for oil in the Arctic.President Obama created the sanctions. She claimed Trump "hates" Obama."I want to tell you they absolutely hacked our Democratic National Committee-absolutely did that," she told the audience to cheers."They don't play. They mean business," Waters declared.C-SPAN blamed the moment on an "internal routing error.""We don't believe that we were hacked," the network said in a statement.
Let's be honest: The current season of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills is a total snooze fest. Moving forward to Season 9, there are plenty of things that need to be left behind with Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 8. This current season is arguably the worst one in the show's history. Essentially nothing happened and the same (mundane) topics were discussed over and over again at length.
This show started as a series that managed to entertain viewers in addition to tackling some real, serious issues including divorce, adultery, domestic violence, sibling dynamics, sobriety, and the loss of a family member. Now, Real Housewives of Beverly Hills is essentially a lifestyle show with very few actual storylines.
The problem is that no one wants to be labeled as the villain. As a result, the women very rarely discuss topics of substance and viewers are subject to a show about home renovations, glam squad meetings, excessive self promotion, and arguments about tardiness and glassware. While those topics are welcome, none of that adds up to a compelling show on it's own.
The women on this show are great. They are successful businesswomen, moms, and wives, yet RHOBH has really dipped this season. After a dismal Season 8, the stakes are even higher for Season 9. The only way to get the series back on the right track is to leave some of the most annoying story lines behind forever and ever.
1 Pantygate Pantygate happened during Season 7 of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and was belabored to death. Why is this still coming up during Season 8? The pantygate story line should have been retired after the Season 7 reunion episodes, but it wasn't. This needs to be left behind one and for all.
2 Tardiness Yes, it is annoying for someone to be chronically late. Every person in this cast is very busy and it makes sense to be annoyed at spending time just waiting for someone to show up when these women have businesses to run and families to care for. Nevertheless, there is legendary traffic in Los Angeles and most of these women have glam squads, so of course they're going to be late once in a while. This just isn't a story line, especially for multiple episodes. There are more significant things to argue about, and if there aren't a casting change needs to be made.
3 Disputes Over Glassware Dorit told Teddi that she was served champagne in the "incorrect" glass. That is such a Dorit thing to say and yeah it's kind of funny for an episode, but once again, a very insignificant "problem" got dragged out for many episodes. Was there really nothing else to discuss this season?
4 Outfit Selections It's intriguing to watch the women live glamorous lives, but no one wants to watch them picking outfits and packing for a trip for 12 minutes in one episode. So many fans live for the ridiculous outfits and constantly changing hairstyles, but that should be a tiny moment of an episode, not a main focus.
5 Too Much Self Promotion No one blames the Housewives for capitalizing on their reality TV exposure. Being on this show in an amazing platform to launch a business, but the women could stand to take it down a notch when it comes to the self-promotion. Do people really want to watch Kyle Richards bringing up her scripted TV show American Woman in response to every conversation? How many episodes did Erika discuss writing her book? Did Teddi really have to talk about being an accountability coach in almost every single episode? Get your coin and brag about your projects, but at least throw in a few dramatic story lines to balance things out.
Check the Accessible Hard Drive Place on a Mac
StudyMaster5000 1.0 You'll create your own word listings, and review them periodically to make use of the program. Eventually, you will note that you understand several of the phrases that you just studied previously. Then more term databases will be created by you, and continue studying macsequence.com them. The program causes it to be easy and exciting to review grammar and other language inside your time that is free. It is research assistance, and you'll note that it is not unhelpful. The point is that you are planning to look at vocabulary that is important. And that is with understanding the theory. If you have occasion you would keep this program on your PC and check into it.
Publisher 2003
I guess it Overzicht StudyMaster5000 is Freeware application in de Spelletjes &. De van StudyMaster5000 is 1.0, uitgegeven op 06-06-2016. Het werd aanvankelijk toegevoegd aan onze database op 06-06-2016. StudyMaster5000 een Windows- besturingssysteem worden uitgevoerd op computer die zal worden genstalleerd op. P download- bestand een grootte van 217,3MB. Niet is nog niet beoordeeld door gebruikers. Schermafbeeldingen (Klik om te vergroten) Downloaden WordGames400 Veilige gecontroleerd door UpdateStar, en gratis packages Brands Alle versies Bladeren &content; 2008 – 2016 UpdateStar
LONDON: Pakistan along with Bangladesh, and the Philipines are among most vulnerable countries to climate change, a ranking by HSBC showed.
The report has put India on top of the list.
The bank assessed 67 developed, emerging and frontier markets on vulnerability to the physical impacts of climate change, sensitivity to extreme weather events, exposure to energy transition risks and ability to respond to climate change.
The 67 nations represent almost a third of the world's nation-states, 80 percent of the global population and 94 percent of the global gross domestic product.
HSBC averaged the scores in each area for the countries in order to reach the overall ranking. Some countries were highly vulnerable in some areas but less so in others.
Of the four nations assessed by HSBC to be most vulnerable, India has said climate change could cut agricultural incomes, particularly unirrigated areas that would be hit the hardest by rising temperatures and declines in rainfall.
Pakistan, Bangladesh, and the Philippines are susceptible to extreme weather events, such as storms and flooding.
Pakistan was ranked by HSBC among nations least well-equipped to respond to climate risks.
South and Southeast Asian countries accounted for half of the 10 most vulnerable countries. Oman, Sri Lanka, Colombia, Mexico, Kenya and South Africa are also in this group.
The five countries least vulnerable to climate change risk are Finland, Sweden, Norway, Estonia and New Zealand.
In its last ranking in 2016, HSBC only assessed G20 countries for vulnerability to climate risk.
U.S. Marine Corps Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr., staff secretary for the commander, Marine Corps Installations Capitol Region, hugs his wife during his retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167217 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-075 Resolution: 5169x3341 Size: 8.7 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
BUSINESS
South Korea will hold a nationwide shopping festival for foreign tourists as part of its efforts to pump up next year's Winter Olympics in the country's alpine resort town of PyeongChang, its organizers said Monday.
Korea Grand Sale 2018 will kick off on Jan. 18 for a 42-day run throughout the country, providing discounts to foreigners on a variety of options, ranging from flight tickets to accommodation, sightseeing and restaurants, the Visit Korea Committee said.
"As the upcoming Korea Grand Sale will be held in line with the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics, we are putting all our efforts to make a festive mood and welcome foreign visitors," said Han Kyung-ah, secretary general of the Visit Korea Committee, during a press conference in Seoul.
(Yonhap)
The Winter Games is set to be held in PyeongChang, 180 kilometers east of Seoul, and its adjacent cities from Feb. 9-25.During the festival, South Korea's No. 2 carrier Asiana Airlines will provide up to a 60 percent discount for Korea-bound tickets departing from China, Southeast Asia and Europe, according to the committee.Low-cost carrier Jeju Air will also offer a maximum of 95 percent discount for all international flights bound to South Korea, it said.Lotte Hotel, the hotel chain of South Korean retail giant Lotte, is planning to offer a voucher card for its duty-free shops worth 40,000 won (US$37) to foreigners who book more than two nights on its website, the committee said.For more information, visit www.koreagrandsale.co.kr/en/ . (Yonhap)
Day one of the 2017 Youth World Championships is in the books as Cayman's Allena Rankine and Jesse Jackson hit the waters in the first of five days of competition in Sanya, China.
Girls Laser Radial
Rankine sits in 15th overall after the first round of action, finishing third overall in the second race, after placing 28th in the first. Forty sailors total make up the grouping.
Boys Laser Radial
Jesse Jackson sits in 49th out of 51 sailors after placing 39th in the first round but fell to 51st in the second.
Coach's Comments with Raphael Harvey
“Wind conditions have been coming in at 8 to 14 knots from the northeast. The wind is forecast to drop in the coming days. Each day will have two rounds of sailing, minus Friday which will have one followed by the closing ceremony.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Her favorite instrument towers over young Charlotte Murphy.
“I get a lot of, ‘Wouldn't you rather choose the piccolo or the flute? It'd be easier to carry,' ” she said. “My parents started me on the piano, but I wasn't satisfied.”
The 16-year-old harpist quietly sat on a stool in the Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital playroom Wednesday morning and strummed "For You," a song she was inspired to write because of a nonprofit group she started.
Young at Harp collects donations and gives 100 percent of the profits from all concerts and events to helping children and young adults. Charlotte started it in March 2016.
“I do love music and it has always been a part of my life,” said Charlotte.
On April 13, she hosted a concert at Pine View School. Visitors listened to 12 different songs, some of which Charlotte wrote, and pledged donations. Young At Harp collected $1,214.
On Wednesday, she presented the hospital with a check for the same amount. The money will be used to help the music therapy program at All Children's.
“I had no idea how (the concert) was going to turn out but it was a big success,” she said. “Today was very special. I've been looking forward to it for quite some time.”
Charlotte is a principal harpist at Florida All State 2018 and one of only two harpists of her age group to be chosen out of the entire state of Florida. She will participate in a medical internship at Yale this summer. She hopes to continue writing music in college.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Ban Ki-moon (Herald DB)
Former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has been nominated to head the Ethics Commission of the International Olympic Committee, the IOC said Thursday.According to the IOC's press release, Ban has been proposed to head the Ethics Commission. The 73-year-old will be put up for vote to the full membership at an IOC session in Lima, Peru, on Sept. 22.If approved, Ban will replace current chair of the ethics body Youssoupha Ndiaye, formerly the president of the constitutional court of Senegal.IOC President Thomas Bach said that Ban “has an exemplary record of public service with integrity, accountability and transparency,” calling him a “great friend of the Olympic movement.”Ban, formerly foreign minister of South Korea, served as the eighth UN secretary-general from January 2007 to December 2016.“I am deeply honored to be nominated as the chair of the IOC‘s Ethics Commission and accept the position with a sense of humility and responsibility,” said Ban.“The United Nations and the International Olympic Committee have had a close working relationship over many years with both organizations contributing to building a peaceful and better world.”“In working closely under the principles of the IOC movement, I will do my best to enhance the accountability and transparency of the IOC,” he added.By Byun Hee-jin (hjbandi9@heraldcorp.com)
A Michigan teen was arrested after authorities say he attacked his grandmother with a baseball bat over a cellphone.
The attack happened on Wednesday, Oct. 4 at about 6 p.m. on the 9000 block of Easton Road in Rives Township.
The victim, a 58-year-old Jackson woman, told police her 17-year-old grandson beat her several times with a baseball bat during an argument over a cellphone.
The woman was taken to Henry Ford Allegiance Hospital for treatment. Police said she suffered injuries to her arms, head, and back during the attack. She was last listed in stable condition.
The woman's grandson, now identified as Bret Goodnuff, was found riding his bike on I-94 in Calhoun County. The teen was arrested and taken to the Jackson County Jail.
He is now charged with assault with intent to murder, which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison.
His bond was set at $250,000.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
To match my expectations I'd have to win every week - Masters champion Reed
Winning the Masters is seemingly just the tip of the iceberg for Patrick Reed, who will continue to set his bar high.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 21:51 IST 14 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Patrick Reed at Horseshoe Bay Resort, where he helped reopen the Ram Rock Golf Course
Masters champion Patrick Reed says he would have to win "almost every week" to reach his sky-high expectations.
The American ended his major duck with a superb victory at Augusta National last month, winning by one stroke despite valiant charges from Rickie Fowler and Jordan Spieth.
Winning a green jacket saw Reed join golfing's elite, but the 27-year-old concedes he will never truly be able to reach the bar he sets himself in terms of achievements in the game.
"My expectations have always been really, really high," he told reporters at the reopening of the Ram Rock Golf Course at Horseshoe Bay Resort.
"If I were to exceed my expectations, I'd have to win almost every week. They're so, so high up there and so hard to reach that for me it keeps me hungry, keeps me out there, striving for perfection in the game of golf, which is never going to happen - no one is going to be perfect at the game of golf.
"But if you set those expectations and go chasing them you're always going to improve and get better. That's the biggest thing, my expectations are really high and hard to get there, but through the year I set goals I can achieve, if I play well I can achieve them.
"So, I still put some check marks there and succeed on things, after winning at Augusta it hit me to want to do more and get better."
Reed's next opportunity to add to his major haul comes at June's U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and he is extra determined by entering as Masters champion.
"Of course it's motivating, really the biggest thing is to improve every day," he added. "I know by time the U.S. Open comes I'll be ready mentally."
We have had the time of our lives in NYC! Thank you @pgatour and New York City for being such awesome hosts! So much fun! #TheMasters #MastersChamp2018 pic.twitter.com/4HIyukGoli — Patrick Reed (@PReedGolf) April 10, 2018
Reed spoke of his delight at taking the green jacket to Horseshoe Bay, a 400-room resort located in Texas Hill Country that is home to three championship Robert Trent Jones Sr. courses.
"We only have a year with it, so we have to bring it most places we go," he said.
"I look forward to coming here and showing off the green jacket and letting everyone at Horseshoe Bay see it.
"Since the win at Augusta there have been a lot of obligations that come with the victory, but it's a lot of fun, it's a lot of great things.
"The biggest thing is being able to handle and figure out how to do it time-management wise. And the best way me and [my wife] Justine figured it out with what's been going on, we're just going to get up to Horseshoe Bay and enjoy and relax."
Reed was speaking at the reopening of the Ram Rock Golf Course at Horseshoe Bay Resort, where he hit the ceremonial first drive.
TORONTO — The CFL will use a slightly different football this season.
The new ball will be made of slightly harder leather and upon inflation could be up to an eighth of an inch larger. But it will sport the same laces and stripes as usual.
"The new ball is virtually identical, to the eye, to the old one," Ryan Janzen, the CFL's senior director of football operations, said in a statement. "It has the same laces and markings including our stripes.
"But it is made of a slightly harder leather. Our partners at Wilson say that allows it to hold its pebbles better.”
The league said last season clubs were given the opportunity at mini-camp and training camp to test the Wilson ball used in the NFL. The CFL added quarterbacks indicated they preferred the traditional laces but the leather of the NFL footballs.
As a result, CFL GMs proposed the league adopt a new ball featuring the traditional laces, stripes and markings but the leather and size of the NFL ball. The league's board of governors discussed the change over the winter and the new balls were subsequently ordered.
By The Canadian Press
A trip to the grocery store turned into humiliation for an Ohio mom.
Charli Stevens said a woman approached her and told her clothes "looked a little too small on her.”
Stevens said she was so shocked she stopped shopping, got in her car and cried.
She was embarrassed, but took it as an opportunity to teach her 5-month-old son and 4-year-old daughter.
Stevens told the website Today Parenting she actually lost 50 pounds in recent months. Stevens posted a picture of herself saying people need to start being nice to and have some respect.
We want to know how do you teach your kids to respect others?
Share your thoughts on the TV5 Facebook page using the hashtag #WhereMomsMeet.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The New York Yankees made an egregious error tonight while promoting Didi Gregorius bat day:
Before @DidiG18 comes to bat in the 3rd, here's an advertisement for Didi "Gregious" Bat Day. Oops. #Yankees pic.twitter.com/o4RZpssvae — Bronx Bandbox (@BronxBandbox) April 24, 2018
You might miss it at first glance, but if you look a little closer, you will see the spelling error on Gregorius' last name:
“Didi Gregious Bat Day”
The error didn't seem to bother him at all, as he went on to hit his eighth home run of the season.
GFW/Impact Wrestling News: Popular 6-time Champion announces departure from the promotion
And it continues...
@conciousxplode by Lennard Surrao News 14 Aug 2017, 07:38 IST
Another talent release!
What's the story?
GFW veteran Angelina Love took to Twitter to announce her release from the promotion. Here what the gorgeous star had to say regarding her departure:
I asked for my release from @IMPACTWRESTLING and it was granted today. Thank you for the years of fun and much love to all my fans!!! ❤️????❤️ — Lauren/Angelina Love (@ActualALove) August 12, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Love started wrestling for GFW, then known as TNA, in 2004 before joining the WWE in the same year.
Sadly for the former Knockouts Champion, her WWE didn't account for much as she wrestled in the company's developmental systems, Deep South Wrestling (DSW) and Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) before being released in 2007.
She returned to TNA in 2007 and formed the popular tag team, Beautiful People along with Bubba Ray Dudley's girlfriend Velvet Sky. She wrestled in the independent circuit apart from being a top star in TNA and has had a hall of fame worthy career with the company.
Her real life boyfriend Davey Richards too recently quit GFW to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor.
The heart of the matter
The 6-time Knockouts Champion's last recognized match with GFW was at the recently concluded Slammerversary XV PPV. She teamed up with Davey Richards in a Full Metal Mayhem Tag Team match against the team of Allisha and Eddie Edwards in a losing effort.
She requested a released and was promptly granted it by the GFW management.
What's next?
Love didn't mention the reason behind her exit and it remains to be seen what she does next. She could go back to the independent circuit and wrestle for many promotions or choose to pique the interest of the WWE for a possible run in NXT or the main roster. It's a long shot but a possibility considering her experience.
Author's take
GFW will miss the services of the veteran star at a time when new talents are looking to gain some experience and continue in the mission of making 'Impact Great Again'.
All said and done, the gorgeous wrestler has had a memorable TNA career and is a sure-shot contender for a spot in the hall of fame somewhere down the line.
Americans are going vegan!
And, how!
The Nielsen for the Plant Based Foods Association (PBFA) and the Good Food Institute conducted studies on food trends in the country and here's what they found. Americans bought plant-based foods worth $3.1 billion alone in the year 2017 which is a rise by 8.1%. And, in the next three years, you can expect that your grocery food aisles are likely to carry 40% of plant-sourced alternatives to dairy products. By the year 2024, the global market for vegan cheese will be around $4 billion.
Many Americans Attribute Their Good Health to a New Fitness Secret – Veganism
The statistics above are a clear indication that more Americans are recognizing the dangers of consuming animal-based and chemical-laced food preferring instead plant-based organic food. They are now looking for healthier options that won't cause long-term medical issues. The exciting thing about the country going vegan is that such foods are more readily available in most grocery stores and restaurants. You also have vegan meal prep delivery services offering dishes made with only plant products in special segregated kitchens.
You'll hear of many celebrities extolling the virtues of veganism and how this fitness secret has helped them live healthier, fitter, and more energetic lives with fewer medical complications. Some examples include Beyonce, James Cameron, Miley Cyrus, Gisele Bündchen, Alicia Silverstone, and Serena Williams.
But, The Question Remains. Is Veganism Really Good for You?
Despite the growing trend towards veganism, you'll hear lots of conflicting reports. Some studies talk about how vegetarian food has several nutritional deficiencies while others talk about how the chemicals fed to animals can find their way into the processed meats you eat. Let's take a closer look at the pros and cons of veganism and you can decide for yourself if it is really a fitness secret.
The Case FOR Veganism
Medical News Today gives you an entire list of the benefits of following a diet that has only plant products. Here are some of the advantages that do make veganism a fitness secret.
Plant foods contain bioactive compounds that can combat the negative effects of genetic propensities to develop various diseases. These ailments include type 2 diabetes, buildup of plaque in the arteries, the development of tumors, and heart disease.
Plant foods contain antioxidants can fight the free radicals that can cause inflammation and damage to the cells that ultimately results in diseases.
Given that plant foods are typically less calorie-dense as compared to animal foods; you'll consume fewer calories if you eat the same quantity. For this reason, vegans and vegetarians, for that matter, are less likely to gain weight and become obese.
By opting for plant foods, you avoid the intake of harmful animal fats that can potentially raise your bad cholesterol levels. Accordingly, you lower the risk of getting a stroke and heart disease. On the other hand, if you were to consume fats like olive oil, they can lower the bad cholesterol and protect your heart.
Plant foods have a rich content of vitamin C and fiber. Further, the nutrients in fruits, vegetables, and legumes can lower your chances of getting different types of cancer including colorectal and colon cancer.
The Case AGAINST Veganism
On the flip side, a vegan diet that is completely devoid of all kinds of animal products can have certain deficiencies. However, it is possible to make up for these shortages by balancing your diet carefully. Vegetarians who consume milk and dairy products, honey, and eggs have a better chance at eating a more nutritious diet. But, since vegans eschew these products also, they may have to deal with certain downsides.
Not all plant-based foods contain calcium. Given the importance of calcium for your bone health, it is highly essential that you include foods rich in calcium, magnesium, and potassium in your vegan diet. Look for non-animal kinds of milk like soy milk or almond milk. You can also include tofu and vegan cheese in your meals along with green leafy vegetables, figs, and nuts.
Your body needs vitamin B12 to healthy nerves and red blood cells. If you opt for a vegan diet, you could lose out on this vitamin. However, adequate amounts of foods like cereals, fortified soy, seaweed, and yeast can make up for the shortfall.
Anemia is a common complaint among vegans since they don't get enough iron from plant foods. This downside can be countered with foods like dark green leafy vegetables and dried beans. Cooking your food in cast iron utensils can also raise the iron content in the food.
Your body needs omega-3 fatty acids for the proper functioning of your heart, eyes, and brain. If you avoid eating fish, you could miss out on these nutrients. For this reason, you may want to supplement your vegan meals with olive oil, canola oil, walnuts, flaxseed, and soy products.
You Can be Vegan AND Healthy
Reed Mangels PhD, RD, is the nutrition advisor for The Vegetarian Resource Group. Like he reveals to AARP, “Vegans can get vitamin B12 from fortified foods (some brands of soy milk, fake meats, breakfast cereals and nutritional yeast) and from supplements. Vegan diets may be low in calcium and vitamin D although there are vegan sources of these nutrients.”
The bottom line is that when you balance the benefits of a vegan diet against the downsides, making up for nutritional deficiencies isn't all that difficult. With the help of your medical practitioner, you can get the necessary supplements to fortify your plant foods and remain healthy.
Should you opt for a vegan diet? Sure! It IS a fitness secret if you can manage it well. And, in the coming years, you'll find it even easier to be vegan in America.
Funding will support student success in the most inclusive learning environment
EL CENTRO — The Imperial County Office of Education (ICOE) has been awarded a $50,000 training grant by the Orange County Department of Education (OCDE) to implement a framework designed to support all students' academic, behavioral and social needs.
ICOE is part of an initial cohort of 105 schools, districts and county offices of education that will receive sub-grants totaling $3.225 million to participate in the California Scale-Up MTSS Statewide (SUMS) Initiative, which is funded by the California Department of Education and led by OCDE in partnership with the Butte County Office of Education and the SWIFT Center at the University of Kansas.
MTSS — short for Multi-Tiered System of Support — is a comprehensive framework of evidence-based strategies to support the academic, behavioral and social-emotional needs of all students. Reliant on staff collaboration and data-driven decision-making, MTSS guides educators through the process of initiating action plans, tracking progress and making improvements in a number of critical areas. As such, it has been used to increase attendance, prevent dropouts, lower discipline rates, enhance school climates and improve academic performance.
In 2016, the state awarded OCDE an initial allocation of $10 million to scale up MTSS statewide following a task force report that cited the need for a unified framework. An additional $20 million was later earmarked to train local education agencies to implement the California MTSS framework.
In February 2017, OCDE encouraged school districts, charter schools and county offices of education throughout California to apply for the first round of sub-grants. Imperial County Office of Education and other agencies were asked to specify how they would invest funds to promote the MTSS framework, which provides core support for all students, supplemental assistance for some and targeted interventions for those with the greatest needs.
Sub-grants ranged from $25,000 for a single local education agency to $50,000 for those applying as a consortium.
ICOE will receive technical assistance and support from OCDE, the Butte County Office of Education and the SWIFT Center throughout implementation. Along with extensive training, this process will include examining the effective strategies, instructional practices and materials currently in place, as well as defining the Imperial County's needs and determining next steps.
Palace extend Hennessey and Speroni contracts
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 64 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:33 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Wayne Hennessey playing for Crystal Palace
Crystal Palace have extended the contracts of goalkeepers Wayne Hennessey and Julian Speroni.
Wales international Hennessey, who ended last season as the club's number one, has signed a new three-year deal with the club.
Veteran Speroni, meanwhile, signed a one-year extension to continue his 14-year association with the club.
The Eagles are well stocked between the sticks next season, with Vicente Guaita having completed a free transfer from Getafe.
Hennessey was delighted with his new deal, telling the club's official website: ''I'm really happy to commit my future to the club.
"I've always said how much I enjoy playing football here and the way we ended last season shows what we're capable of achieving as a team.''
The 39-year-old Speroni was similarly pleased, adding: ''It's an honour and a pleasure for me to play in front of our fans, the love and support they've shown me over all these years has been magnificent and I just can't thank them enough."
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
Rostam Reveals Details Of New Solo Album, Shares 'Bike Dream'
toggle caption Claire Vogel
Former Vampire Weekend singer and producer Rostam Batmanglij will release his debut solo album, Half-Light on Sept. 8 via Nonesuch Records. In making the announcement today, the multi-instrumentalist also shared a new cut from the album, a chugging pop anthem on the universal search for identity and the simple joy of being comfortable in your own skin.
YouTube
"I'm pulled away I see another of myself who's found true love and happiness," sings Rostam. "... Before I leave, I want to try to go back in time / to just that moment in my life where I should have spoked up, but I lied."
Half-Light is named for the hazy hours between dusk or dawn, when the edges of everything are less defined. "I was struck by the fact that it was a word with a double meaning," Rostam says in prepared statement. "That felt important to this record. It made me think back to a friend in Japan who told me that the word 'double' was becoming more and more popular than 'half' for people to describe their split ethnicities. Any person growing up in America with immigrant parents experiences this dichotomy, of feeling both double and half. It's something a lot of us who identify as queer experienced growing up as well, slipping between straight and gay worlds, code-switching. I say 'experienced' in the past tense because I don't know that that's the experience today's kids will have. Things are changing."
"Bike Dream" is the second song Rostam has shared from Half-Light, after releasing "Gwan" in May. Last year, after announcing his decision to leave Vampire Weekend, Rostam dropped several new singles, including "Gravity Don't Pull Me" and "EOS."
Here's the complete track listing for Half-Light:
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
01. "Sumer"
02. "Bike Dream"
03. "Half-Light ft Kelly Zutrau"
04. "Thatch Snow"
05. "Wood"
06. "Never Going To Catch Me"
07. "Don't Let It Get To You"
08. "I Will See You Again"
09. "Hold You ft. "Angel Deradoorian"
10. "When"
11. "Rudy"
12. "Warning Intruders"
13. "EOS"
14. "Gwan"
15. "Don't Let It Get To You (Reprise)"
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's the day when thousands of students progress on their career path as they get their A-level results
Many will get the grades they need for university, but lots of others will be left disappointed.
If you're one of them, it's vital to remember that you still have options.
While the clearing system may help to find you a university place, you may want to consider another route to work.
That could be vocational training or the chance to learn and earn on an apprenticeship. There are even opportunities which allow you to get a paid job and study for a degree at the same time.
Here's how to negotiate the tricky path of A-level results day.
When is results day?
Results day for A-levels this year is Thursday 17 August 2017 .
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: PA)
What do I do on results day?
Although you might feel like you've been waiting all summer for this day - some of you with dread - it's remarkable how quickly everything unfolds.
(Image: Getty)
The best thing to do is get to school early with all the details you might need. Go armed with information about your module results as well as GCSE grades, your UCAS Clearing number and UCAS personal ID.
I've opened my results - what happens now?
The first thing to do is check Track – the name of UCAS' online tracking system where you can see how your application is progressing. Here you can reply to offers and make amendments like changing your email address.
(Image: PA)
Track is available from 8am on Thursday August 17, and UCAS can't speak to anyone else about your application details - unless you've given them nominated access to speak on your behalf.
My grades are much better than expected...
If you had a conditional firm offer you met and exceeded, you might be curious about courses with higher entry requirements.
(Image: PA)
If so, you can see what's available in the UCAS Adjustment service .
My grades are not exactly what I need, but still OK...
Hopefully you'll get the grades you need, but if you just miss out, the university or college of your choice might accept you anyway.
You might get a place on either your firm or insurance choice, depending on how well your exams go.
(Image: Getty)
You might be offered an alternative by the university/college – a 'changed course offer' (which you'll need to accept or decline).
You might not get a place, but you can search through the Clearing service to see what courses still have vacancies.
If no decisions are showing, give your universities or colleges a call to find out more.
My grades are a massive letdown...
If you search through the Clearing service you'll see what courses still have vacancies.
Find out about exam re-marks – you'll need to try to arrange the re-mark as quickly as possible, and keep in touch with your university or college to keep them up-to-date.
(Image: Rex)
If you can't see anything suitable in Clearing, look into other options – like a gap year, work or an apprenticeship – either instead of higher education, or just while you reapply for next year.
If you've got a place...
Congratulations! Your confirmation letter should appear in Track five to seven days after your place is confirmed. Your letter is not emailed or posted to you.
(Image: PA)
Make sure you check your Confirmation letter carefully – it will say if there's anything else you need to do, or if your university or college will be in touch with further instructions; maybe to provide proof of your qualifications or medical requirements for example.
The key things to remember
Look at all your options and don't be afraid to consider an alternative route that you may not have thought of before.
Research all your options carefully - university isn't the only route to success.
(Image: PA)
Don't sit back - get involved in whatever you're doing.
Be prepared to work hard.
Keep an eye out for opportunities - you never know where they may come from.
(Image: PA)
Contacts
Go to the national Apprenticeships site and that of training experts City & Guilds .
Not Going To Uni has information on apprenticeships and vocational learning, as well as interview advice and CV tips.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
Check out the National Careers Service , where you can explore different careers, look at education possibilities and search for work.
(Image: PA)
You could also consider Open University and study for a degree in your spare time.
Better standards are in place in British Columbia, meaning less fish have escaped, reports show
The federal government isn't properly managing the risks that farmed salmon pose to their wild counterparts, nor is it doing enough to ensure Canada is meeting its international commitments on biodiversity and sustainable development, Canada's environmental watchdog says.
In a series of new audits released Tuesday, environment commissioner Julie Gelfand takes a closer look at Canada's management of the $1-billion salmon farming industry, which she warns is lacking when it comes to assessing the risk that diseases among farmed fish pose to wild salmon.
The department has no requirement to monitor the health of wild salmon or the status of the ocean floor beneath penned salmon farms, said Gelfand, and the department is also providing better funding for research related to fish farms than it is for research to help monitor their impact.
“The department is at risk of being seen to promote aquaculture over the protection of wild salmon,” Gelfand said after the reports were tabled in Parliament.
The research gaps are extensive enough that there's no way to determine the impact of fish farms on wild fish, she said. Those gaps include a lack of knowledge about the risk of disease, as well as the impact of the drugs used to treat those diseases. Canada also lacks an impact threshold to determine when to shut down or limit fish farming, she added.
Canada also lacks standards for the nets used to contain farmed salmon in the ocean — a particular problem in the Atlantic, where heavy storms often batter salmon farms and destroy nets.
READ MORE: B.C. chefs call for end to open-net fish farms as province reviews renewals
In 2015, 40,000 salmon escaped from farms in Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. Better standards are in place in British Columbia, where fewer escapes have occurred, the report says.
Gelfand's spring reports also look at Canada's commitment to the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the UN Convention on Biological Diversity, both of which, she warns, could become the latest international environment agreements Canada signs but does little to actually implement.
She cited a lack of government leadership to address the targets in those agreements, saying there is no way to properly assess how effectively government policies can contribute to meeting those goals.
The agenda for sustainable development is an international agreement for countries to work towards sustainable environmental, economic and social development, including gender equality, eliminating poverty, climate action and industrial innovation.
Canada committed to the 2030 agenda in 2015 and recommitted to it last year, but the audit says the government hasn't yet put in place the fundamental requirements to do more than pay it lip service.
“The federal government committed to implementing the 2030 agenda three years ago, but again, it is not ready to respect its international commitment,” Gelfand said. “When will it be ready?”
The audit report looked at the period between September 2015 and November 2017. The federal budget tabled in February promised nearly $50 million between now and 2030 to create a specific government unit to oversee the agenda, as well as to fund monitoring and reporting by Statistics Canada, Gelfand acknowledged.
The statistics agency also expects this spring to have a data portal ready to report on the Canadian indicators around the UN 2030 agenda. That could address one of Gelfand's concerns that there are too many departments assigned as co-leads on the agenda, leaving no one to take full ownership of or leadership on the file.
“In my opinion, it is difficult to move forward with 10 hands on the wheel,” she says.
Gelfand's third audit this spring looked at another unmet Canadian UN environment commitment, this one the UN Convention on Biological Diversity — a legally binding treaty acknowledging that a global decline in biodiversity is one of the “most serious issues facing humanity.”
Canada has had a biodiversity strategy under the convention since 1995; in 2002, signatories committed to reducing the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010. New targets were set for 2020 after that original deadline went wanting.
Environment Canada isn't taking the necessary steps to hit the 2020 targets, Gelfand found, focusing its efforts on international meetings and creating national committees rather than analyzing whether its actions will do anything to help. There is also no comprehensive monitoring or reporting on whether there is any progress to meeting the 2020 targets.
Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Foreign minister Sushma Swaraj holds hands with her Chinese and Russian counterparts Wang Yi, right and Sergey Lavrov after a press statement at the end of their meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: AP
New Delhi: India, China and Russia on Monday resolved to step up cooperation to counterterrorism, including choking terror funding and dismantling terrorist infrastructure, as the Indian side flagged concerns over increasing acts of terrorism by Pakistan-based terror outfits such as Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).
During the 15th Russia-India-China (RIC) trilateral, the foreign ministers — Sushma Swaraj, Wang Yi (China) and Sergey Lavrov (Russia) — also underlined the primary and leading role and responsibility of states in preventing and countering terrorism and extremism, a joint statement said. They also reiterated that all states should take adequate measures to prevent terrorist activities from their territory, it said.
“While discussing terrorism, I put across my view that significant rise in acts of terrorism by terrorist organisations like Taliban, Daesh (ISIS), Al-Qaeda, and LeT directly undermine international peace and security and endanger ongoing efforts to strengthen the global economy and ensure sustainable growth and development,” Swaraj said.
However, the RIC joint statement did not name Pakistan unlike the joint document issued after the Brazil-Russia- India-China-South Africa (BRICS) meet in Xiamen in China in September. Condemning terrorism in all its forms and manifestations including the recent heinous terrorist attacks around the world, the leaders reaffirmed their determination to prevent and counterterrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
“We reaffirm that all acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable irrespective of their motivations, committed wherever and by whomsoever,” the statement of the RIC leaders said. They called for greater unity, stronger international partnership and concerted actions by the international community in addressing the menace of terrorism in accordance with international law and the UN Charter, including the principles of sovereign equality of states and non- interference in their internal affairs.
The leaders also emphasised the need for a comprehensive approach in combating terrorism. The statement said in this context, they resolved “to step up cooperation to prevent and counterterrorism and radicalisation, combat the spread of terrorist ideology and propaganda, stop sources of terrorist financing, prevent travelling of and the supply of arms to terrorists, dismantle terrorist infrastructure.”
They also resolved to enhance cooperation to disrupt recruitment and the flow of foreign terrorist fighters and prevent misuse of information and communication technologies (ICTs) for terrorist purposes, it said. Swaraj, Wang and Lavrov also stressed that those committing, organising, inciting or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable and brought to justice in accordance with the obligations under international law, including the principle of “extradite or prosecute” as well as the applicable domestic legislations.
“We agree to strengthen cooperation to take decisive and concerted actions against globally proscribed terrorists and terror entities. We condemn all forms of terrorism and all terrorists, terror entities and organisations listed by the UN Security Council,” the statement said.
It assumes significance as China has been blocking the international banning of UN-designated terrorist group Jaish- e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar, the mastermind of Pathankot terror strike. The three countries also agreed to intensify cooperation in multilateral fora including FATF and FATF-style regional bodies (FSRBs) so as to cut the flows of funds, and other financial assets and economic resources to individuals and entities involved in terrorism including those proscribed under the relevant UN sanctions.
They stressed on the need for joint, integrated and balanced approach to deal with drug menace, its illicit production and trafficking including new psychoactive substances in accordance with the UN conventions and principles of international law.
The grouping also called for an early adoption of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT) in the UN to establish the much-needed comprehensive international legal framework to address the growing global menace of terrorism.
Expressing deep concern about the threat of weapons of mass destruction falling into the hands of terrorist groups, including the use of chemicals and biological agents for terrorist purposes, they said they would cooperate to prevent proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems and to deny access to such weapons by non-state actors, including terrorists.
“We need to address the threat of nuclear, chemical and biological terrorism through intensified meaningful work in international fora,” they said in the statement and expressed firm determination to explore actively the modalities of elaborating a mandate in this regard.
WWE News: Paige back in training for potential WWE return
Is she coming back?
by Nithin Joseph News 14 Jun 2017, 22:03 IST
Is she on her way back?
What's the story?
WWE Superstar Paige recently shared some interesting pictures and a video of herself training on her Instagram account. This could be an indication that the former Divas Champion is gearing up for a return to the ring.
Gym in the morning. Cardio in the afternoon. Boxing time with one of our trainers. "So you can throw me to the wolves Tomorrow I will come back Leader of the whole pack Beat me black and blue Every wound will shape me Every scar will build my throne" Working my ass off to get back in shape and become a better me. A post shared by Paige WWE (@realpaigewwe) on Jun 13, 2017 at 8:45pm PDT
A post shared by Paige WWE (@realpaigewwe) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:58am PDT
Just getting alberto to take pics in the gym. Pretending to work out... Jkkkk. Boxing gym later. Time to start kicking ass again! A post shared by Paige WWE (@realpaigewwe) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:55am PDT
In case you didn't know...
Paige has been out of action ever since the 2016 WWE draft, where she was picked by the Raw brand. This was because she suffered a significant neck injury. On the 19th of October, she underwent successful surgery.
The heart of the matter
Paige has been out of action for months now, and the fact that she is already in training comes a huge sigh of relief for the WWE Universe. She is one of the brightest wrestling talents on the planet and deserves to return to a prominent position on television.
However, the recent pictures shared by Paige from her official Instagram account may be an indication of her impending return to the WWE.
What's next?
If the posts are anything to go by, then the WWE Universe could look forward to the return of Paige. Hopefully, both the British Superstar and the WWE can put all the controversy behind them and look towards the future.
Author's take
Personally, I feel that the possibility of Paige returning to the squared-circle is absolutely brilliant, and it will be great to see her talent on display once again.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Collin Sexton scored 17 points, Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season, and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit to beat No. 23 Florida 68-50 Saturday.
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Tide (15-8, 6-4 Southeastern Conference), which improved to 2-4 on the road.
The Gators (15-8, 6-4) lost their third consecutive SEC game, the first time that's happened since the end of coach Mike White's first season in 2016.
Alabama dominated Florida in the paint, on the glass and up and down the floor. Sexton took over in the second half, dribbling through the defence and creating open layups and dunks.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Alabama 73, Grambling St. 49<
Bethune-Cookman 61, Palm Beach Atlantic 48<
Duke 101, Winthrop 30<
Florida 74, Marshall 69<
Florida Gulf Coast 99, Ave Maria 35<
Florida St. 77, Arizona St. 66<
Georgia St. 91, North Greenville 89<
Georgia Tech 80, Texas-Arlington 52<
IUPUI 68, Tennessee Tech 54<
Jacksonville 79, Flagler 52<
King (Tenn.) 92, Converse 83<
LSU 73, Tulane 50<
Maryville (Tenn.) 77, Huntingdon 53<
Mercer 67, UNC Asheville 56<
Miami 65, Kentucky 54<
Mississippi St. 86, UALR 48<
NC State 63, Georgetown 49<
North Carolina 84, Furman 56<
North Florida 77, Florida A&M 68<
Radford 79, VCU 62<
Tennessee 82, Texas 75<
UCF 62, Georgia Southern 38<
Virginia Tech 64, Chattanooga 44<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The continued sentencing hearing for former doctor Larry Nassar erupted in chaos Friday morning.
After listening to his daughters describe the abuse they suffered, Randall Margraves tried to take matters into his own hands.
He lunged towards Nassar in court and the bailiffs spring into action.
"I understand his emotional outburst," Saginaw County Sheriff William Federspiel said.
Federspiel has two daughters and admits he too would have had trouble containing himself. He said the bailiffs who intervened did the right thing.
"We have to make sure that the rule of law is always followed and that we don't ever allow anyone to exert any type of street justice," Federspiel said.
The sheriff and Lt. Miguel Gomez said what those bailiffs did was textbook procedure.
"They did an excellent job. If you look, the first deputy grabbed him around the chin, right? And then he turned his head and then when he was put on the ground they controlled the head and then he couldn't move anymore," Gomez said.
Gomez said court bailiffs are not only trained on how to stop an attack, but watch for warning signs such as facial cues.
The sheriff said when emotions run high, those deputies have to be on an even higher alert.
"They can only respond to actions. So you have to wait until he makes his first move and the minute he makes a move physically to do something that's when we have to intervene and that's what they did," Federspiel said.
The father was later brought back into the courtroom where he apologized for his attack.
"You have to remember one of the first duties of a father is to protect his daughters. So it's going to be emotional and it should be emotional," said Mark Gaertner, assistant Saginaw County prosecutor.
The father spent some time locked up on Friday after his outburst, but no charges were filed against him. Gaertner believes that was the right call in this situation.
"To him, his daughters are probably worth a lot more than a prison sentence for Dr. Nassar. You can understand it. It's human nature. It's human behavior," Gaertner said.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Domestic Violence's Overlooked Damage: Concussion And Brain Injury
Enlarge this image toggle caption MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images
Hundreds of survivors of domestic violence have come through the doors of neurologist Glynnis Zieman's Phoenix clinic in the past three years.
"The domestic violence patients are the next chapter of brain injury," she says.
Zieman begins every new patient visit with a simple question: "What are the symptoms you hope I can help you with?"
For most, it's the first time anyone has ever asked even how they may have been injured in the first place. "I actually heard one patient tell me the only person who ever asked her if someone did this to her was a paramedic, as she was being wheeled into an ambulance," Zieman says. "And the husband was at the foot of her stretcher."
While many patients initially seek out the clinic because of physical symptoms, such as headaches, exhaustion, dizziness or problems sleeping, Zieman says her research shows anxiety, depression and PTSD usually end up being the most severe problems.
Studies of traumatic brain injury have revealed links to dementia and memory loss in veterans and athletes. And TBI has also been linked to PTSD in current or former service members.
Another group may be suffering, still largely in silence — survivors of domestic violence.
Shots - Health News War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD Listen · 6:36 6:36
About 70 percent of people seen in the ER for such abuse are never actually identified as survivors of domestic violence. It's a health crisis cloaked in secrecy and shame, one that Zieman is uncovering through her work at the Barrow Concussion and Brain Injury Center.
She runs what she says is the first program dedicated to treating traumatic brain injury for survivors of domestic violence.
"About 81 percent of our patients had so many hits to the head, they lost count, which, you compare that to athletes, is astronomical," Zieman says.
Zieman says it's not just the sheer number of injuries that makes these patients' cases so complex.
"One single athletic concussion is hard enough to treat, but these patients are beyond that," she says. "Unlike athletes, they do not have the luxury, if you will, of recovering after an injury before they are injured again."
Domestic violence is estimated to affect 10 million people each year. Head and neck injuries are some of the most common issues, and Zieman is uncovering how frequently traumatic brain injury is a part of the picture.
Still, she says, the lack of recognition of the severity of the abuse-related problems has left many survivors without a definitive diagnosis. Many get blamed for their cognitive impairment.
"They have been labeled for so long with all these horrible things," says Zieman. "And in the end, it's not only not their fault but there is a true medical reason behind these issues and there are some things that can be done."
Data on domestic violence and traumatic injury are sparse because it's so underreported, but Zieman says their initial findings indicate it's even more prevalent than previously thought.
A 2016 review of the medical files of patients in the program — almost all women — discovered only one-fifth of them had seen a physician for their injuries. Eighty-eight percent had sustained more than one head injury from abuse.
Zieman works with local domestic violence shelters to identify women who may be suffering from brain injuries. Workers will send them to Zieman's clinic where their physical symptoms, such as headaches or dizziness, can be treated along with the cognitive and emotional effects of their abuse. Thanks to grants and private donations, Zieman says the care is free, whether or not people have insurance.
Ashley Bridwell, a social worker at Barrow, works hand in hand with Zieman to help survivors manage life with a brain injury. "Some of these simple things like filling out an application or remembering an appointment, or being able to give a solid social or medical history— it's close to impossible considering what they are experiencing," she says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Will Stone for NPR Will Stone for NPR
Bridwell helped start the program six years ago after doing outreach to the homeless community and realizing many clients had traumatic brain injuries from domestic violence. She says patients often have long histories of emotional and physical abuse. Many have cognitive impairment from repeated mild traumatic brain injury.
Patients will sometimes arrive at their clinic with a constellation of seemingly unexplainable symptoms. Bridwell remembers one who lost her job because of her forgetfulness. The woman thought she had Alzheimer's.
"And for her to come in and get some information about head injury, and about how multiple hits to the head can impact your memory, your attention, your concentration, your speed of processing, it was incredibly validating for her," says Bridwell.
The diagnosis gave her a new way to talk about and understand her private struggle. "They realize it's not their fault," Bridwell says.
And Zieman says PTSD and trauma affect this population deeply.
"The significance of the mood symptoms in this population far exceeds what we see in our other patients," she says.
Zieman says we're still in the early stages of understanding the effects of repetitive brain injury and how we can better treat it. The trauma of domestic violence only complicates the picture, but the survivors she sees remain her favorite to treat.
"I feel that we can make the biggest difference for these patients," she says.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, KJZZ and Kaiser Health News. You can follow Will Stone on Twitter: @WStoneReports.
Consumer Watchdog Proposes New Rules On Payday Lenders
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Steve Helber/AP Steve Helber/AP
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
BARCELONA, Spain — Eibar crushed Sevilla 5-1 in the Spanish league on Saturday, while Real Betis forward Loren Moron scored twice in his debut.
Eibar outclassed an inexperienced Sevilla side that included Sandro Ramirez, Miguel Layun and Roque Mesa making their debuts following their arrivals in the final days of the January transfer market.
Fabian Orellana led Eibar with two goals. Enrique Garcia, Ivan Ramis and Anaitz Arbilla also netted for the Basque Country hosts.
Pablo Sarabia got Sevilla's only goal from the penalty spot in the first half to make it 2-1.
Sevilla coach Vicenzo Montella has managed to win once only in five rounds since replacing Eduardo Berizzo.
Sevilla faces an important match on Wednesday when it hosts Leganes in the return leg of the Copa del Rey semifinals after a 1-1 draw in the first match.
"I want to ask our fans to forgive us (for the loss), but I am sure that if we stay united we can reach the final (of the cup)," Montella said.
Eibar, whose budget of around 50 million euros is a third of Sevilla's, climbed to seventh place and to just one point behind Sevilla in sixth after losing only once in its last 11 league matches.
Eibar coach Jose Mendilibar said his team's performance was among its very best since the club joined the first division 3 1/2 seasons ago.
"Given the rival, the way we played, the occasions we created, what we didn't let them do . today we played a complete match in every sense," Mendilibar said.
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
4:34 Woman and daughter arrested after reporting assault in southwest Fort Worth
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
3:08 Mac Attack says Cowboys won't repeat '07 gags
5W1H: UP CM Yogi Adityanath visited Pratapgarh under the scheme 'Gram Swarajya Yojna'
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. UP CM Yogi Adityanath visited Pratapgarh under the scheme 'Gram Swarajya Yojna'. Watch this video for more information.
At least 12 people were killed in a landslide in Nepal on Monday, taking the death toll in floods and rain-related calamities to 78 across the Himalayan nation. Photo: AFP
Kathmandu: At least 12 people were killed in a landslide in Nepal on Monday, taking the death toll in floods and rain-related calamities to 78 across the Himalayan nation, even as all the 35 stranded Indian tourists have been rescued, officials said.
Heavy rainfall has lashed Nepal for the past four days, swelling several Himalayan rivers beyond the danger mark and causing flooding and landslides at many places in the country.
The river Rapti, which flows through a large part of Nepal towards the southern plains, flooded human settlements and hotels popular with tourists in the Chitwan Valley.
All the 35 Indian nationals, who were stranded in Sauraha, a part of the Chitwan National Park, have been rescued, an Indian embassy spokesperson said. They were rescued to safer place by using tamed elephants.
Although earlier reports quoting local authorities said that 200 Indian tourists were among the 700 stranded people, the Indian embassy official said only 35 of them were Indian nationals.
According to Nepal's ministry of home affairs (MoHA), at least 12 people were killed in the landslide in Morang district, taking the death toll in the district to 17 and overall to 78. Thirty-five people were also missing since Friday.
The monsoon havoc has affected 27 districts spanning from the eastern and central to the western regions.
Nine persons were killed in Rautahat, eight were killed in Sunsari, four each in Sarlahi, Sindhuli, Bara, Makawanpur and Banke districts, five persons were killed in Jhapa, three killed each in Dang and Surkhet, two each were killed in Bardiya and Chitwan and nine persons were killed elsewhere.
Meanwhile, Nepal's energy minister Mahendra Bahadur Sahi has claimed that the highways built along the no man's land on the Indian side of the border are the major reasons behind the floods in the Terai.
“The highways made by elevating the land next to the Nepal-India border have restricted the natural flow of water, leaving Nepal's Terai plains submerged during the rainy season,” Shahi said.
The government will take up the issue with India during Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba's India visit slated for next week, Shahi said on Sunday.
Floods have inundated a total of 34,843 houses across the plains. More than 1,000 houses were destroyed in the floods that killed an estimated 400 livestock, the Kathmandu Post reported.
The government has mobilised Nepal police, Nepali army and armed police force personnel for rescue and recovery work. While rainfall is likely to continue for the next few days, as predicted by the Meteorological Forecasting Division (MFD).
Weathermen have said the extreme rainfall, starting from eastern Nepal, witnessed in the last few days was caused by the formation of a low pressure zone over the hills.
The monsoon, it added, was gradually getting weaker in the east and moving towards the west. PTI
CONCERNS are mounting for Rotherham Titans after they suffered another heavy Championship loss.
Justin Burnell's side had hoped to pick up a much-needed win at London Scottish but were out-played by opponents who were 36-3 up after just 57 minutes.
Although Rotherham scored tries from flanker Tom Calladine and scrum-half Matthew Walsh late on, Brett Connon adding a conversion to his first-half penalty, it did not disguise how worrying things are becoming at Clifton Lane.
Scottish had been vanquished 37-5 by troubled London Welsh on Christmas Eve but easily swept aside their South Yorkshire visitors, who are now sitting just 11 points above the relegation place.
Atkinson scored inside eight minutes and there was further tries for scrum-half Ed Hoadley, winger Jason Harries and centre Patrick Kelly before the interval, full-back Peter Lydon adding three conversions and a penalty for a 29-3 lead.
He improved Robert Fergusson's 57th-minute try, too, as Rotherham struggled for any foothold in the game.
They had a quartet of Northampton Saints player on dual-registration – Howard Packman, Rory Hutchinson, Lewis Ludlam and Jordan Onojaife – as well as Ollie Bryant from Leicester Tigers, while Callum Wilson came in from Ealing, too.
However, the fresh faces did little to prevent 10th-placed Titans from falling to another loss and they remain with just four league wins this term.
London Scottish: Lydon; Holland, Fergusson, Kelly, Harries; Cullen, Hoadley; Shiel, Turner, Koroi, Bartle, Hunter-Hill, Kenny, Atkinson, Sisi. Replacements: Walker, Harris, Cringle, McGeekie, Douglas, Coombes, Galbraith.
Rotherham Titans: Thomas; Wilson, Hutchinson, Bryant, Packman; Connon, Walsh; Tom Williams, Maddison, Herriott, Salmon, Hicks, Onojaife, Calladine, Ludlam. Replacements: Graham, Toby Williams, Williams, Normandale, Curry, Ryan, Barker.
Kia OMBC: India's representation at the 2018 FIFA World Cup TM
kia Motors FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 111 // 04 Jul 2018, 12:57 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rishitej and Nathania makes India proud with their participation in the Fifa World Cup
Passion and hard work make dreams come true, and that is what happened on 18th and 22nd June when two young passionate Indian kids – Rishitej and Nathania (22nd June) John K – made the nation proud at the 2018 FIFA World Cup, as India's first Official Match Ball Carriers. Let's take a look at how it all began.
To keep the process transparent and to give an equal opportunity to people staying in the remotest part of the country, a Digital campaign was conducted by Kia Motors, encouraging guardians of kids from the ages of 10-14 to participate by uploading their child's football skills' video online. What followed was over 1,600 enthusiastic kids and their parents recognizing this unique opportunity and jumping at it.
The selection process saw a shortlist of 50 aspirants out of the 1,600 participants called to Gurgaon for the audition stage. These 50 kids underwent multiple rigorous tests that put their technical ability, dribbling, shooting, penalties, and even personality traits to the test.
Who better to judge their skills than the second-highest active goalscorer in the world, the Indian National Football team captain Sunil Chhetri?
The inspiring messages given to them by Chhetri will live long in the memories of all kids. However, it got extra special for two of the kids very soon as Sunil Chhetri announced their names to thunderous applause. 11-year-old Nathania John K., the only female contestant who made it to the final round, finished top of the pile to book her ticket to Russia. Playing football since the tender age of 3, Nathania labeled meeting and showcasing her skills to Chhetri ‘a dream come true'.
Chhetri poses with the winners of the KIA Motors OMBC
The second name to be selected was Rishitej, a 10-year-old from Bangalore, who was the match ball carrier on 18th June. He idolizes Messi, Salah, Ibrahimovic, Griezmann, Xavi, and Dybala. However, meeting Chhetri is the biggest highlight of his nascent football career.
Apart from these two, 4 other boys also traveled to Russia to enjoy the World Cup live from the stadiums along with their guardians.
It is an invaluable experience for these football aspirants. Getting a feel of the World Cup in Russia will only increase their desire to one day represent India on the pitch as players and achieve yet another first. Kia Motors has beautifully portrayed the desire and dream of the young guns in this wonderful music video. Here's to hoping and bringing that dream alive soon!
The stage is set for counting of votes for by-elections to Lok Sabha constituencies Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar and Palus-Kadegaon Assembly seat in Maharashtra. The bypolls have been a litmus test for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) as well as the opposition parties, including the Congress. A positive outcome is necessary for the BJP to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha.
WATCH the Live streaming of by-election results here
In Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia seats, all four major parties - BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, and Congress - left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour.
In Maharashtra, Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January. Chintaman Wanga had been elected from the constituency thrice as a BJP member. However, after his death, his family joined hands with the Shiv Sena.
In Bhandara-Gondia the bye-election was necessitated when BJP's sitting MP Nana Patole quit the party to join the Congress in December 2017.
The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress's Patangrao Kadam, who had won the constituency twice. The Election Commission has declared Kadam`s son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate.
It's really good. Very emotional and touching! I don't personally know anyone involved in the Vegas tragedy, but this song still hits home for me.. and I'm sure anyone who has ever lost someone they knew.
Great job, Eric!
Austin Authorities Say They're Investigating 'Serial Bomber' After Fourth Explosion Over the weekend there was a fourth bombing in Austin, Texas. Authorities say this latest incident was caused by tripwire and showed a "different level of skill."
Coach Doug Van Kley could not have scripted the game any better if he had tried. Early in December the Dutchmen lost in Hills 70-53. On February 10, when the Patriots of Hills-Beaver Creek came to Edgerton, Van Kley wanted Mason Sluis to score at least 13 points and, of course, he wanted his Dutchmen to turn the table on the Patriots. Van Kley got what he was wishing for when Sluis scored 13 in the first half, and his team withstood a Patriot rally in the second half to beat H-BC 62-44.
Patriot sophomore Preston Wilhelmi had burned EHS in Hills with 7 treys en route to 32 points. One of Edgerton's defensive goals in Edgerton was to keep Wilhelmi from getting open looks. An active 3-2 zone by Edgerton held the Patriot sharp-shooter to just nine points and Edgerton won its fifth game of the season.
For the complete article, please see the February 15th edition of the Edgerton Enterprise!
Greg Olsen is scheduled to earn some $6.5 million from the Carolina Panthers this coming season, which makes him one of the great bargains at tight end in the NFL.
Of course, Olsen has outplayed his current contract and he naturally wants more.
According to a report by Joe Person at the Charlotte Observer, Olsen is hoping to get paid like an elite tight end:
Olsen, who's made the Pro Bowl the past three seasons, is looking for a deal that is commensurate with the NFL's top tight ends, according to a pair of league sources. . . “In the ideal world, that'd be great,” Olsen said. “I'm very confident on where I stand in the league and where I belong. Both productivity and all things considered, there's nobody that's been more productive or more consistent than I have. And I'll stand on that until the cows come home.”
Olsen's current deal runs through the 2018 season. His total cap hits come out to just over $20 million.
So, what would a new deal for Olsen look like?
Here's a look at the top tight end salaries in the league right now, according to figures available at Over the Cap.
Player Average salary Guaranteed money Total value Jimmy Graham $10 million $13 million $40 million Travis Kelce $9.36 million $10.51 million $46.84 million Jordan Reed $9.35 million $14 million $46.75 million Rob Gronkowski $9 million $13.17 million $54 million
As you can see, the Panthers are getting quite a deal on Olsen considering his production compared to the best players at his position.
If the team is willing to hammer out a re-structure, Olsen should expect to make a minimum of $9 million a year over the life of the deal.
At the moment Carolina has $15.7 million in cap space for the 2017 season, so they could certainly re-structure Olsen's contract. However, a long-term extension for guard Trai Turner is likely to take precedent over any new deal for the Panthers' reliable tight end.
Trump's Presidency Takes Toll On His Daughter's Brand
Trump-branded products may continue to see lower sales as growing consumer boycotts prompt U.S. retailers to back away from the items. The Wall Street Journal reports sales of Ivanka Trump's fashion line tumbled at Nordstrom, according to internal documents. Now Nordstrom has dropped the products. Ethics experts worry that plunging U.S. retail sales may feed Trump's need to expand overseas, creating new conflicts of interest.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
The U.S. Office of Government Ethics now says President Trump's advisor, Kellyanne Conway, clearly violated federal ethics rules. It recommends the White House investigate Conway and consider disciplinary actions. Last week, Conway went on Fox News and urged shoppers to buy Ivanka Trump's fashion line. Nordstrom had just dropped the products because of poor sales. As NPR's Jim Zarroli reports, Ivanka Trump's line had been seen as successful until her father's political career began affecting it.
JIM ZARROLI, BYLINE: Judy Baldasaro was a delegate for candidate Trump in New Hampshire. And when Nordstrom announced this month that it would drop his daughter's product line, she was outraged.
JUDY BALDASARO: Ivanka is a role model. She's a very graceful, intelligent and hard-working woman. And I think everybody should look up to her and respect her for what she's done instead of attacking her.
ZARROLI: In fact, that is the way a lot of people continue to view Ivanka Trump - as a poised and elegant entrepreneur, the classiest member of the Trump family. She had a lot of success getting her clothes, shoes and jewelry into stores. She's especially popular in Asia. And retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen says the Ivanka line has sold well both in the United States and abroad.
JAN ROGERS KNIFFEN: It was successful enough that these companies would've all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened. They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer.
ZARROLI: What happened is that her father launched his bitterly partisan presidential campaign in 2015. And this year, Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, became prominent parts of the Trump administration. Eric Schiffer is a brand-management consultant.
ERIC SCHIFFER: She has tied herself to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. And anyone associated to Donald Trump is toxic.
ZARROLI: After the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video last October, an online boycott of Ivanka Trump's products got under way, hashtagged #GrabYourWallet. Nordstrom gets a lot of its revenue in the blue states of the West Coast. And the company says Ivanka's sales have taken a beating. According to The Wall Street Journal, Ivanka's sales fell 70 percent at Nordstrom in October. Among anti-Trumpers like Thomas Jenkins, who was shopping outside a Nordstrom in Atlanta, Ivanka is just getting what she deserves.
THOMAS JENKINS: If she's going to be involved in politics in the capacity that she's in, then I think she forfeited that right to have her stuff in a store such as Nordstrom. I mean, you can't have it both ways.
ZARROLI: To retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen, the focus on Ivanka is a little ironic. She's positioned herself as one of the more moderate members of the Trump team, something of an advocate for working women. But, he says, the boycott has hurt her. The people behind it are energized. And though Ivanka still has her fans, they just don't seem to be as passionate about supporting her. And retailers know that.
KNIFFEN: So they're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, you know, we don't want to be in a fight with the president. But we don't want to be in a fight with our customers, either. We're getting out of the way.
ZARROLI: Kniffen notes that big, publicly traded retail companies like Nordstrom owe it to their shareholders to protect their bottom line. And in a hyper-partisan climate like this one, they run for cover when the controversy gets too hot. Jim Zarroli, NPR News, New York.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The objective of an advance ruling is to make a taxpayer aware of the treatment of a transaction in advance, so that there is full clarity at the outset itself. Photo: PTI
In a bid to avoid disputes with the revenue department, the provision of advance rulings was introduced under the goods and services tax (GST) law. It should be noted that this mechanism existed in the previous tax regime as well.
The objective of an advance ruling is to make a taxpayer aware of the treatment of a transaction in advance, so that there is full clarity at the outset itself. However, rising instances of contradictory verdicts on similar issues given by advance ruling authorities of various states is defeating the very purpose of the rulings.
Take, for instance, the recent verdict on taxing printed advertisement materials. The Telangana Authority for Advance Ruling (AAR) and West Bengal AAR not only gave conflicting verdicts, but also used different methodologies to arrive at their conclusions.
Further, there have been situations where the ruling differs from what the law states. “In case of West Bengal AAR it was held that marketing services provided to foreign universities does not qualify as export. It is an intermediary service and therefore GST should be levied. However, as per place of supply provisions and other criteria, it seemed to meet the requirements for qualifying as an export. Similarly, goods sold at duty-free shops were held to be taxable by the Delhi AAR. Such sale has historically been considered an export and is ‘duty' free, a clear departure from set precedents. In another case, Maharashtra AAR held that solar procurement and installation contracts will attract 18% GST, while Karnataka AAR ruled a 5% GST rate,” said Archit Gupta, founder and chief executive of ClearTax.
Delay in streamlining the advance ruling system would create more chaos and thereby hamper the ease of doing business in the country-
So far since implementation, more than 50 advance rulings have been filed and in most cases the decision has been in the favour of the revenue department, say tax experts.
They say the quality of rulings is not up to the mark and there needs to be a judicious mix of people from the revenue department and law officials for a balanced judgement. Here, the government needs to take a leaf out of the advance ruling system practiced in the excise/sales tax regime, where the decisions given were fairly reasonable, they add.
Meanwhile, media reports state that the government is planning to revamp the advance ruling mechanism and may consider setting up either a centralized authority or four regional authorities. But there is no clarity on the timeline as yet.
“Formation of National Appellate Authority will help in ensuring that at least when these matters reach appellate stage the possibility of conflicting rulings is ruled out. However, it is suggested that at the time of filing of the application itself, a central body should prepare a list of issues which are being considered for advance ruling. The central body should identify common issues and inform the states so that before rulings are pronounced, the states should discuss among each other and avoid any chance of divergent views on the same issue,” said Anita Rastogi, partner (indirect taxes) at PwC India.
In short, delay in streamlining the advance ruling system would create more chaos and thereby hamper the ease of doing business in the country.
We now know who won the auction for a 1930s Purdue jersey believed to have been worn by basketball great John Wooden.
Perhaps fittingly, one Boilermaker sports legend stepped up to ensure a major piece of another's legacy would remain in Mackey Arena for generations.
Via video presentation after the dinner and question-and-answer session at a John Purdue Club "Boilermakers on the Road" gathering in Jeffersonville, Drew Brees came forward as the previously anonymous auction winner.
Technically the Boilermaker alum and star New Orleans Saints quarterback is loaning the jersey to Purdue, though he said it "will reside in the halls of Mackey Arena forever."
The auction's full sale price of $264,000 earlier this month — $220,000 for the high bid, $44,000 for the buyer's premium — set a record for a college basketball jersey, according to Heritage Auctions.
Brees learned of the jersey's availability from Orlando Itin, owner of Bruno's Swiss Inn restaurant in West Lafayette. He and Tom Schott, Purdue's senior associate athletic director for communications, sent Brees more information about the jersey. That included a Journal & Courier article about how the Neff family of Clinton County passed the jersey down through the years.
"The first words out of my mouth to him upon finding out the John Wooden jersey would be made available to the public was, ‘We have to get this for Purdue University. This jersey belongs in Mackey Arena back at Purdue,' " Brees said in the video.
Purdue fans gathered at Kye's event center in this Louisville suburb to land autographs from and rub elbows with Boilermaker coaches.
They didn't know it, but their $35 was supposed to get them much more than fried chicken and a smile in the autograph line.
Brees are secretly scheduled to attend as well and reveal the jersey, which has been in West Lafayette since last week. Bad weather scuttled his travel plans, so he instead submitted the video announcement from Peoria, Illinois.
Schott said plans for the the display and care of the jersey are still being discussed. He said Purdue planned to reach out to curators at the College Football Hall of Fame for guidance.
“Just the rarity, and the fact no one has seen such an item before,” Schott said of the significance of bringing the item to Purdue. “Personally I love history, and I love memorabilia. I can't think of a more exciting thing to have at Purdue than John Wooden's jersey. It may be the rarest of college basketball memorabilia.”
Schott said no Purdue funds were used in the auction, though the athletic department will take on the cost of the jersey's display and upkeep.
Itin displays a plethora of Purdue and other sports memorabilia in Big O's Sports Room at his restaurant. He originally hoped the bidding would stay near the low end of its $30,000-plus expected auction price.
He soon realized he needed to find a partner with deeper pockets.
Such an honor to bring John Wooden's 1930-1932 jersey back home to Purdue. His legend and legacy started here! #BoilerUp @CoachPainter @BoilerBall pic.twitter.com/1nsY4UCSy3 — Drew Brees (@drewbrees) May 30, 2018
Itin said he has sent Brees items pertaining to Wooden in the past, and the quarterback keeps a picture of the icon in his locker. As the online auction wound down late at night on May 17, Itin placed a $100,000 bid on Brees' behalf. Two other bidders surpassed the Purdue coalition.
Itin checked in with Brees via text and got the go-ahead to keep bidding into the early morning hours. The final auction price dwarfed the previous record for a college basketball jersey, set by a Lew Alcindor/Kareem Abdul-Jabbar UCLA jersey.
"He said. 'Big O, do whatever you've got to do,' " Itin said.
Purdue currently displays a Wooden letter sweater in the centerpiece of the Mackey Arena Ring of Honor. However, Schott said displaying the jersey could be more complicated.
Can't thank @drewbrees enough for bringing Coach Wooden's jersey home. Excited to have it hang in Mackey Arena.
The #Purdue family is something else. pic.twitter.com/osgCS7l08W — Purdue's Matt Painter (@CoachPainter) May 30, 2018
Ideally, it would be displayed so fans could see the “Purdue” in gold letters with black trim on one side and Wooden's number 13 on the other.
However, Mackey Arena is a public venue with people walking in and out, creating security concerns for an item with a now-established value of more than a quarter million dollars.
Wooden, a Martinsville native, was a three-time All-American and national player of the year at Purdue prior to his legendary coaching career at UCLA.
Brees was the Heisman Trophy finalist quarterback for Purdue's 2001 Rose Bowl team. His Hall of Fame-caliber career with the San Diego Chargers and New Orleans Saints includes the Super Bowl XLIV championship and a multitude of records for passing yards and touchdowns.
Brees' previous generosity towards Purdue athletics includes a $2 million gift in 2007 that helped establish the Drew and Brittany Brees Student-Athlete Academic Center. He also donated an additional $1 million in 2015 to support the Purdue Football Master Plan. That plan included the Purdue Football Performance Complex, which opened last fall.
Brees' emergence as the buyer answers one mystery about the jersey. Others linger. How did Frank Neff, a contemporary of Wooden's at Purdue and purported longtime friend, acquire the jersey from Wooden? Per Neff family recollection, Frank kept the jersey in a box in a bedroom drawer and rarely showed it off or even talked about it.
The jersey passed down to John Neff after his grandfather's death, and he also stored it in a box in his closet for years before researching its authenticity. The once-white wool fabric has yellowed slightly with age, and the jersey bears some slight stains and at least one hole left by moths.
Memorabilia Evaluation and Research Services — known in the collectibles industry by the acronym MEARS — graded the item A9 on a scale of 10. It vouched for the authenticity of the jersey based on the item's condition, materials, tagging and other identifiers and the Neff family's letters of provenance.
Itin, who was initially somewhat skeptical of the jersey, said Tuesday he is "100 percent convinced this is genuine."
"This is probably the most rare and unique college basketball jersey ever found," said Itin, who received the jersey via Federal Express last week. "There's no doubt in my mind."
John Neff said he used to live around the corner from Bruno's. While he always hoped for the highest bid possible, he also hoped the buyer would realize its significance.
Brees helped fulfill both preferences.
"I thought it was fantastic," said Neff, who did not know Brees was the buyer until watching Purdue's live stream of the event on Facebook. "I'm thankful that it was a Purdue alum and that it's going to stay right where it belongs."
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
Legendary NFL wide receiver Randy Moss will find out if he is getting inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame Saturday, and recently he got a chance to meet his favorite receiver in the league today in Chargers WR Keenan Allen.
L E G E N D A R Y pic.twitter.com/QyaUR745Ab — Keenan Allen (@Keenan13Allen) February 2, 2018
Understandably, Allen called the meeting legendary on his official Twitter account Thursday. And it was a current broadcasting peer, and fellow NFL alum, Matt Hasselbeck that unveiled Allen was Moss' favorite wideout to analyze.
“I work with Randy Moss, and Keenan Allen is I think Randy Moss' favorite wide receiver to talk about, watch (and) find highlights of,” Hasselbeck said, per the Chargers' official website.
Moss will be pitted against fellow all-time great wideout in Terrell Owens Saturday for Hall of Fame induction. Which, in theory at least, puts voters in a tight spot.
However, despite some of Moss' on-field antics being frowned upon from time-to-time, fans should expect to see him get in over No. 81 in a landslide given the media's flagrant bias against Owens.
Police are seeking witnesses to a crash between a motorbike and a car which happened just outside Pateley Bridge.
The rider of the motorbike needed hospital treatment for injuries after the Rieju Marathon 1 motorcycle collided with a a black Citroen C2.
North Yorkshire Police today released details of the incident on the B6265 road at the entrance to Harefield Hall.
It took place on Thursday, April 6, at about 6.50pm.
Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Gary Anderson at Pateley Bridge Police Station.
Please dial 101 and select option 2, or email gary.anderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, quoting reference number 12170061931.
DTH van der Merwe will captain Canada in its June rugby test series against Scotland, Russia and the U.S.
Coach Kingsley Jones has named Tyler Ardron and Phil Mack vice-captains.
The 30-man squad contains 16 forwards and 14 backs with a combined cap total of 526. The only uncapped player is UBC fly half Theo Sauder.
"Sauder is someone that has been on my radar since I arrived," Jones said in a statement. "I've watched his club clips and went to watch some of his games. He has an amazing skill set, there's nothing it seems he can't do on the ball.
"He has tremendous pace and he's a cheeky confident player, which is what you need in the positions he could end up playing. He's a great option for us to have."
The Canadian team will be without Connor Braid, Admir Cejvanovic and Andrew Coe, who are with the national sevens squad.
Taylor Paris, Matt Evans, Conor Trainor and Ciaran Hearn are among those left out as they recover from injury.
The roster includes 12 overseas pros and 17 members of Canada's centralized program.
Canada, ranked 21st in the world, opens June 9 against fifth-ranked Scotland on June 9 at Edmonton's Commonwealth Stadium before taking on No. 19 Russia on June 16 at Ottawa's Twin Elm Rugby Park and the 15th-ranked U.S. Eagles on June 23 at Halifax's Wanderers Ground.
The Canadian men are gearing up for a four-team repechage tournament in November, which represents their third and final attempt to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
History came alive at Winona State University as 200 students in grades six through twelve from around southeast Minnesota created exhibits, documentaries, and presentations for the Regional History Day Competition.
This year's theme is "Taking A Stand in History" and topics ranged from the National Park Service to Betty Crocker and even segregation in baseball.
The projects will be judged and the winners will advance to State History Day at the University of Minnesota on April 29th. State winners will be eligible to compete at National History Day in Washington, D.C. in June.
The students we spoke to said they learned a lot from this experience.
"We learned a lot about Betty Crocker and how like when the men went to war, all the women had to take over their jobs and when they came back, they didn't have any jobs and that gave them something to do and something to look forward to when they're at their home," said Lewiston-Altura sixth grader Jenna Brugger.
The event ran from 5 to 9 p.m. Monday night at Kryzsko Commons.
March 12 marked the 106th birthday of the Girl Scouts. The annual celebration kicked off Girl Scout Week with seven days of action. Girl Scouts across the United States had the chance to connect with one another, show the world everything they do, and celebrate what it means to have that one-of-a-kind G.I.R.L. (Go-getter, Innovator, Risk-taker, Leader) grit.
Nationally, Girl Scouts is 2.6 million strong—1.8 million girls and 800,000 adults who believe in the power of every G.I.R.L. (Go-getter, Innovator, Risk-taker, Leader). Since 1912, Girl Scouts has built girls of courage, confidence, and character who make the world a better place.
The Encinitas Service Unit #648 volunteers celebrated the Girl Scouts birthday at their monthly meeting on March 13. If you'd like more information on volunteering or joining Girl Scouts visit the website at www.sdgirlscouts.org.
Pennsylvania Supreme Court Orders Meek Mill Be Released On Bail
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bennett Raglin/Getty Images Bennett Raglin/Getty Images
Meek Mill is being released from state prison on bail after a nearly six-month legal battle over the Philadelphia rapper being sentenced to serve two-to-four years behind bars in November of last year for violating his parole.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ruled today that Mill, née Robert Williams, be released on bail because of questions raised by the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office regarding the credibility of Reginald Graham, the police officer who arrested Mill in 2007. During a hearing last Monday, prosecutors overseeing Mill's case recommended granting the rapper a new trial based on what they say is Graham's history of corruption. Mill's attorney has accused Graham of lying under oath during his original trial.
Despite the striking win for the rapper and his legal team, Meek's judge on the case remains Genece Brinkley of the state's Common Pleas Court, who first ruled that Meek return to prison over parole violations that have since been dismissed. Brinkley has maintained that the sentence was not excessive.
Per the court docket, Brinkley now has 60 days to address the defense team's post-conviction relief motion, which will hinge on whether Graham's testimony should be thrown out, and whether that testimony was central enough to Mill's conviction to warrant a new trial. If so, the prosecution can elect to drop its case. That hearing is scheduled for June 18.
Meek's case has drawn nationwide attention and has been characterized as typifying the mistreatment of black men by the country's justice system. Names ranging from Jay-Z and Beyonce to Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf to the Philadelphia Eagles have voiced support for the 30-year-old rapper's release.
"Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured." Joe Tacopina, one of Meek's lawyers, tells NPR Music in a statement.
After the Supreme Court's ruling, Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin shared on Instagram that he was on his way to Chester State Prison to pick Meek up.
As the news of the impending release was made public, the rapper tweeted a statement to his fans.
"To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Meek shared. "I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."
A more restrained crowd attended a town hall meeting at Summit High School in Bend last night held by U.S. Senator Ron Wyden. Wyden fielded questions on a variety of issues including Syria, President Trump and what is happening in North Korea. Wyden said he supported the missile strike against Syria but said any further action should get congressional approval. Wyden is holding meetings in 11 cities east of the Cascades during the Easter recess in Congress.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Lomas revealed he's lost one and a half stone in just three weeks - thanks to a bland diet of rice and beans in the'm A Celebrity jungle.
The Hollyoaks star joined Richard Arnold poolside at the lavish Versace hotel after losing out to Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo in the final.
Despite looking visibly skinner after transforming his previously shredded physique, presenter Richard insisted Jamie had lost none of his good looks.
"I feel like I'm sat with the man from Milk Tray!" joked the Good Morning Britain presenter.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Soapstar Jamie then told how the biggest challenge he faced in camp was the hunger.
"I went nine days with just one meal," he revealed, adding: "But you just kind of get on with it."
This year's stars shocked viewers with their transformations with Stanley Johnson, Dennis Wise and Toff all shrinking down during their time in camp.
Toff's mum called her 'tiny' when she made a surprise visit, telling her daughter she needed a good burger.
(Image: ITV)
Presenter Richard then asked Jamie how he felt about losing out to 'Tough Toff' as he dubbed her in the final.
"We had each other's back," he said. "It was just amazing - a massive rollercoaster."
Despite claims he 'bullied' late arrival Iain Lee, who finished third, Jamie said he hoped to stay in touch with his 12 campmates for the rest of his life.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Revealing his plans now he's free of jungle life, Jamie said: "I might watch the trials with my kids at some point."
Since returning to normality at the Versace hotel, Jamie revealed he had discovered his car had been clamped.
Stuttgart display 'not good enough' for disappointed Federer
After his surprise early exit at the Stuttgart Open, a disappointed Roger Federer said his performance was "not good enough".
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 01:53 IST
Seven-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer
Roger Federer admitted his second-round exit to Tommy Haas at the Stuttgart Open was "not good enough" but he remains confident he can be successful this grass-court season.
The 18-time grand slam champion opted to miss the entire clay-court campaign - including the French Open - to give his body a chance to rest ahead the second half of 2017.
Federer's decision to focus on grass and hard courts looked to have backfired somewhat on Wednesday as Haas came from a set down to knock the number one seed out.
But Federer will not be pushing the panic button any time soon and remains confident he will be ready for the start of Wimbledon on July 3.
"Coming here and losing in the semis last year, now the opening round this year, it's not what I was hoping to do," he told the ATP website.
"Especially on grass courts, close to home, in Germany, which has been a good hunting ground for me. It's not good enough.
"If you don't take your chances like I didn't, leading a set and a break, you really only have yourself to blame at the end.
"I would have liked to stay here longer and given myself the best possible chance to win the tournament, so that's a let down."
The seven-time Wimbledon champion added: "It wasn't all bad, not at all. There were definitely some good moments, but I definitely was not as sharp as I was hoping to be in the big moments, or the moment when I had the lead and feel I should have been cruising.
"I definitely made some crucial mistakes and judgment errors.
"[But] it gives me more time for Halle. As a positive thinker, that's what I see. I've been on grass for over two weeks... it's good to play a match again.
"I really feel the body. It feels different right now than it does after practice. It just makes you tired.
"There are some positives to take away. It will give me good preparation going into Halle and then Wimbledon is soon."
Scientific Panel Says Editing Heritable Human Genes Could Be OK In The Future
Scientists could be allowed to make modifications in human DNA that can be passed down through subsequent generations, the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Medicine say.
Such a groundbreaking step should only be considered after more research and then only be conducted under tight restrictions, the academies write in a highly anticipated report released Tuesday. Such work should be reserved to prevent serious diseases and disabilities, it says.
The academies determined that new gene-editing techniques had made it reasonable to pursue such controversial experiments down the road, though not quite yet.
"It is not ready now, but it might be safe enough to try in the future," R. Alta Charo, a bioethicist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison who co-chaired the committee, said. "And if certain conditions are met, it might be permissible to try it."
That conclusion counters a long-standing taboo on making changes in genes in human sperm, eggs or embryos because such alterations would be inherited by future generations. That taboo has been in place partly because of fears that mistakes could inadvertently create new diseases, which could then become a permanent part of the human gene pool.
Another concern is that this kind of genetic engineering could be used to make genetic modifications for nonmedical reasons.
For example, scientists could theoretically try to create designer babies, in which parents attempt to select the traits of their children to make them smarter, taller, better athletes or to have other supposedly superior attributes.
Nothing like that is currently possible. But even the prospect raises fears about scientists essentially changing the course of evolution and creating people who are considered genetically superior, conjuring up the kind of dystopian future described in movies and books like Aldous Huxley's Brave New World.
"These kinds of scenarios used to be science fiction; they used to be seen as far-off hypotheticals," says Marcy Darnovsky, who runs the Center for Genetics and Society, a genetic watchdog group. "But actually, right now, I think they're urgent social justice questions."
She says, "we're going to be creating a world in which the already privileged and affluent can use these high-tech procedures to make children who either have some biological advantages" or are perceived to have biological advantages. "And the scenario that plays out is not a pretty one."
But Charo says the report clearly states that any attempt to create babies from sperm, eggs or embryos that have had their DNA edited could only be tried someday under very tightly controlled conditions and only to prevent devastating medical disorders.
"We said, 'Use it for serious diseases and serious conditions only — period,'" Charo says. "We simply said, 'No enhancement.' "
But Darnovsky is skeptical that line will hold. "I don't think there's any way to keep that genie in the bottle," he says.
The report, however, was praised by many scientists.
"It's important to be extraordinarily cautious on technologies that could leave a permanent mark on the human population for all generations to come," says Eric Lander, who runs the Broad Institute at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University. "But it's important to try to help people. I think they've been very thoughtful about how you should balance those things."
The report acknowledges that it may be difficult in the future to draw a line between using gene-editing to prevent or treat disease and using it for enhancement. Gene-editing designed to prevent or treat the muscle disease muscular dystrophy, for example, could theoretically be used to try to make healthy people stronger.
Prominent Harvard geneticist George Church agrees. "The report is very clearly broad," he says. "It could include a lot of things people consider enhancement. I think it will be case by case and there will be some people will be considered enhancement that some people will consider preventive medicine."
For example, if scientists figure out how to make changes that boost thinking abilities to stave off dementia in Alzheimer's patients by making them slightly above average or considerably above average, he says, "that might be considered enhancement or it might be considered preventive medicine."
Scientists have been able to edit the DNA in the cells of humans and other creatures for decades. But the academies commissioned the report after scientists developed powerful new gene-editing techniques in recent years, such as CRISPR-Cas9, that make it much easier and faster.
That raised the possibility that gene editing might be used to treat many diseases and possibly even to prevent many devastating disorders from occurring in the first place by editing out genetic mutations in sperm, eggs and embryos. That could potentially prevent a wide range of diseases, including breast cancer, Tay-Sachs, sickle cell anemia, cystic fibrosis and Huntington's disease.
As a result, the academies assembled a 21-member committee of scientists, bioethicists, lawyers, patient advocates, biotech entrepreneurs and others to conduct a far-reaching investigation that involved more than year of study.
The resulting report stresses that because the technology is so new, it would be unsafe for anyone to even begin studies to try to create babies from sperm, eggs or embryos that have had their DNA edited before conducting much more research.
The committee also says no clinical trials of gene editing should be allowed unless:
there is no "reasonable alternative" to prevent a "serious disease or condition"
it has been "convincingly demonstrated" that genes being editing "cause" or "strongly predispose" people to the disease or condition
gene editing is only aimed at "converting such genes to versions" that are "known to be associated with ordinary health"
sufficient preliminary research has been done on "risks and potential health benefits"
there would be "ongoing, rigorous oversight" of the studies of the "effects of the procedures on the health and safety of the participants" as well as "comprehensive plans for long-term, multi-generational follow-up"
there is "maximum transparency consistent with patient privacy" and "continued reassessment of both and health and societal benefits and risks"
there are "reliable oversight mechanisms to prevent extension to uses other than preventing a serious disease or condition."
"It would be essential for this research to be approached with caution, and for it to proceed with broad public input," the 261-page report states.
The report notes that the Food and Drug Administration is barred from reviewing "research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modification." Federal funding of such research is also prohibited.
Many other countries have signed an international convention prohibiting this kind of gene editing.
But the report aims to provide guidance for those countries where it's not prohibited or in those where the prohibitions would be lifted. The FDA ban, for example, could expire or be reversed.
While the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) sets personal protective equipment (PPE) standards for dry abrasive blasting, there is no industry standard covering wet or vapor abrasive blasting. How can you ensure your workers have the best protection?
Dry, wet and vapor abrasive blasting
When dry blasting first became popular, many operators employed just a face shield to keep the dust out of their eyes. With the amount of dust in the air, however, it quickly became clear that respiratory issues could become a concern, and standards were set to require respirators when dry blasting.
Compared to dry blasting, wet and vapor abrasive blasting reduces dust significantly, causing people to question whether or not a respirator is required. However, any blasting operation will create some dust, whether from the substrate being blasted or the media used for the blasting. Even if a small amount of media is being used, there could be kickback from the surface.
Less dust still requires protective gear, particularly if the dust might contain hazardous materials like asbestos or lead.
Four items needed on a PPE checklist
There are no dedicated products specifically designed for wet or abrasive blasting jobs. However, many distributors and manufacturers recommend respiratory protection, and typically use similar PPE as would be found on dry blasting jobs.
Respirators are an important piece of equipment for any blaster, as they help keep dust in the air from entering the lungs, which could lead to breathing problems. There are two types:
Tight-fitting respirators, which work well to prevent intake of dust if they are sealed properly. However, they frequently do not provide the same protection as loose-fitting respirators, as any facial hair – even stubble – can break the seal on the respirator and allow dust in. Beyond the need to be completely clean-shaven, tight-fitting respirators can be hot and uncomfortable, reducing the efficiency and effectiveness of the operator. Loose-fitting respirators, which rest on the operator's shoulders, are more comfortable to wear and provide air circulation around the head and neck to help keep the operator cool. New products on the market cool the incoming compressed air before it circulates through the respirator, providing advanced cooling of the head and upper body.
It is important to note that using just any respirator may not work for blasting. For example, paint respirators are commonly marked “not to be used in abrasive blasting.” According to rules set out by OSHA in standard 1910.134, abrasive blasting respirators must cover the head, neck and shoulders, and be approved by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) to protect from dust generated during blasting.
If there are potentially hazardous materials being blasted, such as lead, the respirator must have an appropriate assigned protection factor (APF). In the example of lead, the respirator must have an APF of greater than 1,000 particles.
Hearing protection, which can be included in a loose-fitting respirator or as an addition to a tight-fitting respirator, is necessary when working around blasting equipment, which runs at a high frequency with high decibels, and compressors, which can be very loud as well. Depending on the respirator in use, it may come equipped with a communication system in the helmet, making it easy for operators to communicate without removing the respirator and hearing protection. It's important that everyone working nearby on the job site use ear plugs or other hearing protection. Clothing, gloves and shoes help further ensure the safety and comfort of the operator. Nylon blast suits are lightweight, durable and breathable, and designed to protect from any abrasive material kickback while helping keep the operator cool. The suit can also get wet – an important consideration when wet or vapor abrasive blasting – and can be machine washed for easy re-use. Face shields are generally integrated into loose-fitting respirators, and thus operators using those respirators do not need a secondary face shield. However, other individuals on the site should use alternative eye protection such as safety glasses or a face shield.
The changing safety market
The blasting market is becoming much more conscious of operator safety and ensuring each operator has the appropriate equipment. PPE helps protect workers on the job so they can get home to enjoy a healthy life. By keeping operators safe and healthy on the job, they can be free to live without concerns of hearing loss, respiratory attacks or other health issues.
Safety also has an impact on the company – not only through insurance or medical coverage costs, but through the general comfort of the operator. If an operator is safe, comfortable and cool, that person is likely to be a more productive employee. In the long run, safe, comfortable and productive operators are key to successful blasting businesses.
For more information on abrasive blasting, visit www.BlastJournal.com. To learn more about abrasive blasting equipment, go to Graco.com/EcoQuip
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Raheem Sterling claims Manchester City are being “butchered” by the Premier League's hatchet men.
And he fears the vicious tackles could cost someone their World Cup place.
Sterling's fellow wide-man Leroy Sané is is out for up to two months because of a horror tackle by Cardiff's Joe Bennett in the FA Cup last weekend, while Brahim Diaz was lucky to escape injury after another shocker in midweek by Matt Phillips of West Brom.
“I think the referees and officials need to cut these tackles out because as you can see, some of the players are getting butchered out there and it's sad to see,” said the England forward.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“I find it a bit unfair at times.
I feel that we haven't been protected enough in certain situations. I think some of the challenges have been awful.”
The World Cup starts in June, and Sterling is worried one of these horrific tackles could cost someone their chance of going to Russia.
“It's not what I expect to see in a top-flight football match — especially when teams are losing and just go out to kick players,” he said. “I don't think that's right.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“I do think we need to cut down on that because we've got a World Cup at the end of the season and majority of the players in the top flight, and in our team, will be playing in it.
“It would be sad to see someone miss the tournament due to a silly tackle and someone gets away with it.
“These tackles can happen, but it can't be every game where we're getting two players coming in with injuries.”
TORONTO — A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke his name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
Easter is less soggy in Menlo Park than other parts of Bay Area
How the rainy weather affected your Easter plans depended on where you were celebrating in the Bay Area. This reporter spent the morning to early afternoon just on the other side of the Caldecott tunnel where it alternated between heavy mist and drenching downpours.
But here in Menlo drier conditions prevailed, with InMenlo weather watcher Bill Russ recording only .05″, bringing his total to 34″ season-to-date.
When the sun comes out, so do the poppies, which seem particularly abundant around town this year.
Photo by Linda Hubbard (c) 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The army has moved to reassure people about growing fires on Salisbury Plain as smoke envelopes the West Country.
Residents across Bath and Trowbridge have been sharing their concerns over the large clouds being spotted in the area.
The blaze appears to have been started by ammunition fired on the plain, which is a regular spot for training by the army.
(Image: Instagram - ajm031073)
But the Ministry of Defence has moved to calm fears over the presence of heavy smoke in a widespread area, made worse by the wind direction.
A spokesman told Somerset Live: “Due to safety reasons, the fire on Salisbury Plain has been left to burn out as there is no threat to life or property.
"We continue to monitor it to ensure that it remains under control.
"The Defence Infrastructure Organisation (DIO) takes the safety of our military personnel and the public seriously.”
The worst of the fires on Salisbury plain is located near Market Lavington, a few miles south of Devizes.
The London Road area of Bath has been particularly affected by today's smoke coverage.
Mike Phillips, a rugby supporting Australian living in Bath, used Twitter to ask others if they knew what the smoke was all about.
He wrote: "Is there a fire out near Bathford way? It seems to be very, very hazy and smells smokey down this way London road and our dog is going crazy! (Not the best photo)."
Mr Phillips also tweeted a photo showing the smoky haze in the sky.
The first reports about smoke smelling badly came in on Tuesday evening (July 3).
A spokeswoman for Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service said it was aware of a "number of fires" on Salisbury Plain.
However all the blazes are within what the fire service called the "army's impact area".
As of 1pm, the fire service had not sent crews to any of the fires.
The fire service spokeswoman added: "The army are monitoring them and they will call us if they need us."
The March 16 letter to the editor entitled "CIA pick played role in torture, good enough for Trump" is a complete misrepresentation of fact. The author quotes extensively from a Feb. 2017 Pro Publica article which has since been retracted. CNN media reported on March 16 that the New York Times appended an editor's note to a story originally published in Feb. 2017 to acknowledge that Gina Haspel, the deputy director of the CIA, did not oversee the torture of Abu Zubaydah.
Pro Publica also retracted its story from last year that made the same claim, while also asserting that Haspel mocked Zubaydah's suffering. "Neither of these assertions is correct and we retract" wrote editor-in-chief Stephen Engleberg of Pro Publica.
I don't blame the letter to the editor contributor for the false narrative because the retractions were made after he wrote his letter to your paper. However it does reveal that "fake news" is not just a figment of Donald Trump's imagination but rather can and does occur when respectable journalism goes after a story without all the facts fully researched and verified. As for CIA nominee Gina Haspel, two former CIA directors, democrat Leon Panetta and republican Michael Hayden have endorsed her nomination.
Andrew D. Hayes, East Longmeadow
Gowda, India's only CWG gold medallist discus thrower, retires
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) Top discus thrower Vikas Gowda today retired after competing at the highest level for more than 15 years, during which he became the first and only Indian male to win Commonwealth Games medals in the discipline.
The retirement of the four-time Olympian, who will turn 35 on July 5, has not come as a surprise as he has not taken part in any major international event since winning a bronze in the Asian Championships last year in Bhubaneswar.
His retirement was announced by the Athletics Federation of India on its twitter page after Gowda sent the AFI a letter, declaring his intent to call it quits.
The Mysore-born Gowda's family moved to Maryland, USA just before he turned six. His father Shive was a former athlete and a national coach at the 1988 Olympics.
Gowda, who holds the national record of 66.28m (achieved in 2012), is one of the most decorated Indian athletes, having won a gold in the 2013 and 2015 Asian Championships. He also won silver in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a gold in the 2014 Glasgow CWG. In the Asian Games, he won a bronze in 2010 and a silver in 2014.
He took part in the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics. Of the three, he was able to reach the final round only in the 2012 London Games.
His retirement came just a few months before the Asian Games in Indonesia but he has been on the wane for some time. He did not take part in the recent Commonwealth Games as the AFI had made a strict rule that those who do not take part in the national championships, which serve as selection trials, will not be allowed to participate in the multi-sporting events.
Even for the Asian Championships last year, he was told to come to Bhubaneswar all the way from the US prior to the event, to take part in the selection trial
Could Probiotics Protect Kids From A Downside Of Antibiotics?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Stein/NPR Rob Stein/NPR
It's a typical hectic morning at Michele Comisky's house in Vienna, Va., when she gets a knock on her front door.
"Hi, how are you?" Comisky says as she greets Keisha Herbin Smith, a research assistant at Georgetown University. "Come on in."
Comisky, 39, leads Herbin Smith into her kitchen.
"Which one isn't feeling good?" asks Herbin Smith, glancing at Comisky's children. "That one," Comisky says, pointing to her 8-year-old son, Jackson.
Jackson has an ear infection. So he just started 10 days of antibiotics to kill the strain of bacteria that's giving him an earache. That's why Herbin Smith's here.
"What time did he take his antibiotic?" Herbin Smith asks.
He asks because the antibiotics won't just wipe out the bad bacteria. They could also disrupt the good bacteria in Jackson's body, which can lead to stomach problems, including severe diarrhea.
Herbin Smith had rushed to Comisky's house to deliver a special yogurt drink that scientists are testing in hopes of preventing those serious problems.
"We want him to take the first yogurt within 24 hours of taking his first antibiotic," she says.
The yogurt contains a probiotic — a living strain of bacteria that researchers think could help prevent diarrhea and other complications of the antibiotic.
Some previous research has hinted that probiotics could help, and some doctors already are recommending probiotics to parents of children taking antibiotics.
But researchers hope the new yogurt study will provide clearer evidence as to whether that's a good idea. It's the first large, carefully designed test of a probiotic to get reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration, says Dr. Daniel Merenstein, who is leading the study. He's the director of research programs in the department of family medicine at Georgetown University.
"The problem with a lot of probiotic research is that they haven't always been the best of studies," Merenstein says. "Many are done by industry. Many were done in other countries. We're looking to see if it actually prevents diarrhea in kids."
Merenstein's study is part of an explosion of interest in research on the microbiome — the billions of friendly bacteria, yeast and other microorganisms that live in the human body. There's mounting evidence these microbes play important roles in human health.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Stein/NPR Rob Stein/NPR
In addition to helping prevent diarrhea in children taking antibiotics, there is some evidence that probiotics could help prevent complications from antibiotics in adults as well, and might help prevent gastrointestinal infections that sometimes occur when people travel to other countries. Other people have suggested probiotics might help treat vaginal infections in women, or possibly alleviate colic in infants or perhaps prevent eczema in some babies. Probiotics are also being looked at as a possibility to prevent a serious condition in newborn babies — necrotizing enterocolitis.
Some researchers even argue there's enough evidence to recommend that healthy adults take a probiotic regularly to help maintain their health.
"I think there's a generic benefit in ingesting high numbers of safe, live bacteria every day," says Colin Hill, a professor of microbiology at University College Cork in Ireland. "If I had my way, there would be a recommended daily allowance of bacteria."
But many scientists question whether there's enough evidence to support that suggestion or the many claims some companies are making about the alleged benefits probiotics. Some products are being promoted to help prevent obesity, heart disease and even alleviate mental health conditions such as anxiety and depression.
NPR/ YouTube
"The marketing of every claim under the sun with every product under the sun is definitely questionable," says Linda Duffy, a program director at the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health. "There's not much in the way a magic bullet anywhere."
The net benefit of probiotic use with certain conditions "is looking very, very promising," she says. But there are still a lot of unanswered questions.
While probiotics are probably safe for most otherwise healthy people, Duffy and others note that the products could pose some risk for people with weakened immune systems, such as those infected with the AIDS virus or for people undergoing cancer chemotherapy.
Another caution is that probiotics are not regulated as closely as prescription and over-the-counter medications. So there's no guarantee that what's on the label is actually in the bottle — or that whatever organisms were originally in the bottle are still alive. There are also concerns about potentially dangerous contaminants in products that could pose a risk even to healthy people.
"Are there contaminants out there? Are there adulterated products? Are there marketed products without the appropriate claims? Absolutely," Duffy says. "Like anything, you have to be a wise consumer."
For his part, Merenstein hopes his study will provide strong new evidence that probiotics provide benefits for children taking antibiotics.
In the study, 300 children will drink specially made strawberry yogurt. Half will drink yogurt that contains a probiotic called bifidobacterium. The researchers will then compare the incidence of diarrhea and other gastrointestinal problems in the two groups of kids.
In addition, the researchers are gathering fecal samples from the children to try to determine exactly how probiotics might work.
"One of our goals is to show that taking a probiotic will get your microbiome back to what it was before you started the antibiotic — and/or protect you from the changes," Merenstein says.
So, back at Comisky's house, Jackson takes his first gulp of Merenstein's special yogurt.
"All right, here you go — you can drink it right out of here," Comisky says as she takes a bottle out of the refrigerator, opens the cap and hands it to her son.
"Is it good?" she asks.
"Yeah," says Jackson, as he gulps down the yogurt and declares: "Done!"
It will take years for Merenstein's team to gather and analyze the results of the study. So it will be a while before they can say for sure whether this particular probiotic treatment works or not.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple who met during a threesome are now travelling the world after making a fortune selling sex videos at £3.50 a time.
Kim, 23, and Paulo, 28, fell in love after taking part in a threesome at a party.
Kim said that their exhibitionist natures propelled them to film their sexual encounters from the beginning and one night they decided to publish it online.
They wanted to break into the porn industry but initially did not know how.
But once they shared their videos online the couple decided that they could live their dream life - travelling the world together and getting paid to have sex.
They've now given up their jobs in an IT firm to make porn videos full time - and travel the world on the money they make.
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
The couple first met when a female colleague invited them out for an afternoon, which ended up in the three of them in bed together.
Kim, who worked as a translator in the company and Paolo, who was a media designer, said that they instantly felt a connection and shared a love of exhibitionist sex - ideally outdoors - and travel.
After their first steamy encounter Kim said that they ''couldn't be apart ever again” although they happily describe themselves as swingers and consider their relationship to be very open and enjoy getting intimate with new people together.
They have ben caught in the act in Italy where police fined them and officers also apprehended them in France.
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
But the pair are not shy about what they do and promote their sexploits on Instagram and Twitter, as well as on the website they founded called MySweetApple.com.
They founded the site My Sweet Apple to sell their international sexploits, merchandise and gain subscribers for access to their raunchy videos.
Videos start at £3.50 but their more erotic work sells for a higher price.
So far the couple have visited Spain (including all of the Canary Islands), France, Poland, Romania, Greece and Montenegro and they are currently in Argentina.
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
Kim said that she finds it refreshing that instead of selfies from their travels, they have porn videos to remember their favourite moments together with.
She said that initially they did not want to share their new business lives with their friends and family but woke up one day to a text from Kim's best friend saying 'we know!'.
Kim added: We freaked out and were horrified, so we took a bus to the beach in Tenerife, Canary Islands, sat and drank beer all afternoon chilling by the sea.
"Then it hit us. Why on earth should we care about anyone knowing when we are living the life we've always dreamed about? Now literally everybody knows and they are not surprised either."
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
(Image: MySweetApple / Jam Press)
Kim told adult site Striplv.com: ''We like showing a new, modern kind of lifestyle in which we have an open relationship and we travel around the world and we have several jobs and we are actually attached to nothing more than to living a happy day, every day.
''We always advise everyone to let prejudices aside and express their fantasies, to involve their partners in them and stop with the cheating and lying when we can all just be honest with each other and with ourselves.
''Every time we travel to a new country, we discover new scenarios, new habits, and the sex adventure starts all over again,'' she said.
BRADFORD CITY'S horrendous new year continued as they slumped to their sixth successive defeat in all competitions on after fraught afternoon at Oldham.
A wonder first-half strike from Cameron Dummigan and an 86th-minute header from substitute Aaron Amadi-Holloway put the relegation-haunted Latics en route to their first win in ten matches and while another replacement in Jordan Gibson gave City a flicker of hope by pulling one back two minutes from time, the hosts held out for a deserved win in a game when they won their battles across the pitch when it mattered.
Bradford rang the changes in a big way in their bid to reacquaint themselves with the wins column, with just five of the line-up who started last weekend's shambolic home loss to AFC Wimbledon lining up from the off across the Pennines.
Ryan McGowan was handed his bow for the Bantams, while Stephen Warnock was handed his second debut, on the left-hand side of a back three.
Matthew Lund was given a full debut, with the experienced duo of Colin Doyle and Tony McMahon making welcome returns to the side.
Shay McCartan also lined up from the off, supporting top-scorer Charlie Wyke.
City saw plenty of the ball in a bright enough opening and looked more defensively resolute, with McGowan holding up well, but he and his Bantams defensive team-mates could do little about the hosts' magnificent opener.
It arrived, courtesy of a wonder strike from Dummigan.
There did not look to be too much on when the defender received the ball infield, but he unleashed an unstoppable 30-yarder which whistled past Doyle in front of the 2,000 strong Bantams following.
Despite some decent positions, the visitors could not prise open the home defence with a killer pass and moment of quality, with the Latics going closest to a second goal in the game before the break.
The impressive Dan Gardner slipped in full debutant Duckens Nazon, but Doyle raced out of his goal and made a key block with his legs to deny the home striker.
The other talking point saw referee Anthony Backhouse left the fray on the half-hour, with linesman Michael D'Aguilar taking his place.
Bradford's best moment in a half of few chances saw Adam Chicken fire over when well placed early on.
On a deteriorating surface, play becomie a real arm-wrestle in the second half, with chances at a premium.
City struggled to prise open the Latics rearguard, with their best moment coming when some neat build-up setting up Callum Guy, whose drive whistled wide.
City's commitment was not in question, but their palpable lack of attacking confidence and quality was self-evident, not helped by a pudding of a pitch.
Oldham added a killer second four minutes from time on the break with a centre from Ryan McLaughlin nodded home by another replacement in Amadi-Holloway with City stretched.
City claimed brief hope with Gibson's cross was turned into his own net by Johnny Placide in comic fashion, with the visitors showing belated urgency and pushing forward at the death.
A chance for a leveller arrived for substitute Dom Poleon, but he showed a distinct lack of composure in firing over.
Oldham Athletic: Placide; Dummigan, Gerrard, Bryan, Moimbe; Bryne (Obadeyi 73), Gardner (McLaughlin 67), Fane, Pringle; Nazon (Amadi-Holloway 63), Davies. Substitutes unused: Zues de la Paz, Wilson, Benyu, Nepomuceno.
Bradford City: Doyle; McGowan, Kilgallon, Warnock; McMahon, Guy, Vincelot (Poleon 73), Lund (Dieng 62), Chicksen; McCartan (Gibson 80), Wyke.
Substitutes unused: Raeder, Brunker, Knight-Pervical, Grodowski.
Attendance: 5,526 (1,967 Bradford City supporters).
JONESBORO, Ark. — Deven Simms had 24 points to help Arkansas State hold off Georgia Southern for a 91-89 win in Sun Belt Conference action on Saturday night.
Arkansas State avenged its 80-49 loss on Georgia State's home floor in early January.
It came down to which team made the last free throw. The teams combined for 61 fouls. Ike Smith scored the final field goal of the night when he slammed home a dunk as the Eagles closed to 85-83 with 2:41 remaining.
Simms made his seventh and final free throw for a 90-87 lead with 16 seconds left.
There have been no executive orders yet to undo President Barack Obama's signature climate plan, but many officials and environmental groups consider it as good as dead. The Clean Power Plan is on hold while a legal battle plays out, and even if an appeals court upholds it — a decision could come any day — the Trump administration is likely to appeal to the Supreme Court.
The state of New York decided to forge ahead anyway. Like a number of other mostly liberal states, it is continuing with efforts to drive down the carbon emissions that drive climate change.
In the upstate village of Canton, dairy farmer Rick Moore shows off the solar thermal array tucked next to his slouching red barn. It's a cloudy, slushy day, but "you still get rays that still help heat it up," Moore says.
The system warms the water that runs through the solar tubes. Moore then uses the water to spray down his milking equipment. He says it will save him $1,000 a year, and help reduce the carbon emissions he says are changing the climate here.
"We had winters when I first started, that you had three feet of snow and cold for two weeks at a time," he says. "You're not seeing that nowadays."
New York state paid for nearly the entire system. It sees Moore as a tiny piece of a puzzle that adds up to getting half of the state's power from renewables by 2030, even without a federal mandate.
The Clean Power Plan would have required energy plants to cut their carbon emissions, leaving it up to each state to figure out how to reach a specific reduction target. The plan was supposed to be the main way the U.S. carried out its commitment under the historic Paris climate deal. But after it was announced in 2015, about two dozen mostly conservative states sued the Obama administration to block it.
Still, New York has not only stuck with its own plan to reduce carbon pollution, it's now doubling down on its goal.
"We are not going to stop until we reach 100 percent renewable because that's what a sustainable New York is really all about," Gov. Andrew Cuomo said earlier this month.
New York is pouring billions into everything from solar to smart power grids, electric car charging stations to huge offshore wind farms. In fact, Cuomo just announced the nation's largest offshore wind project. The state already gets almost 25 percent of its power from renewables, mostly from hydropower dams. Critics say the next 25 percent is the big lift.
Cheap natural gas has driven down power prices. So much, says Gavin Donohue of the Independent Power Producers of New York, that existing renewables, like wind, hydro and biomass, need more state help to stay in business.
"What's guiding all of our policy development here in New York is not cost, not efficiencies, not reliability, but what gets us to some magical CO2 number to show that we're a national leader," he says.
Another complication could be Cuomo's recent announcement to shut down the Indian Point nuclear plant, near New York City. But the state says it plans to replace that with another kind of carbon-free power, including more wind farms. It also plans to add transmission lines to carry hydropower from Quebec.
North Dakota looks to clean up coal
North Dakota led the legal challenge against Obama's Clean Power Plan, and many there were happy to see it put on hold. The state gets three-quarters of its electricity from thousands of tons of lignite coal, among the most polluting sources of energy. For that reason, the climate plan would have required bigger emissions cuts than almost any other state, some 45 percent.
"North Dakota had to be two-thirds of that way by 2022," says Randy Christmann with the North Dakota Public Service Commission. "That's only a few years away and there's no way we were getting there."
The state would likely have had to add hundreds of wind turbines and shut down coal mines and plants.
Jason Bohrer, with North Dakota's lignite coal trade group, says it's great the Clean Power Plan is likely gone with the new administration. But "Donald Trump is not the cure-all for the coal industry," he says. "This doesn't fix everything. It just gives us the opportunity to provide solutions."
Bohrer says public demand and market forces are fueling a boom in cleaner energy. Cheap wind power has grown into North Dakota's second-biggest electricity source. So even though the pressure's off to curb emissions, the state is looking to clean up coal as a way to save jobs.
The state and the coal industry have sunk millions into developing a coal plant that reuses the carbon dioxide it creates. The aim is zero emissions.
If it works, Dave Glatt with the state health department thinks this could bring the state close to that ambitious 45 percent reduction target.
"We may not hit it necessarily on the exact timelines that the Clean Power Plan was looking at," he says. "But I do think that that's something we should look at. Can we achieve that or even go beyond that?"
This year, North Dakota will craft its own energy plan, hoping coal and renewables can co-exist.
Paris Climate deal not enough
It's not clear if market forces can get the U.S. all the way to its goals under the Paris climate deal. They may take a long time to play out, and climate scientists say a large-scale shift to clean energy needs to happen urgently. Still, few energy experts can imagine building another U.S. coal plant. Operators must plan decades into the future, they say, and even if the Trump administration won't tackle carbon emissions, a future president likely will.
Obama's Clean Power Plan was also an easy lift for some, and many states are already close to meeting their goals.
But globally, the Paris climate deal is not nearly enough. The U.S. — like other countries — would have to do much more to keep carbon emissions below the point where scientists say they will have disastrous consequences.
So far, there's nothing to suggest the Trump administration plans to make that extra push.
David Sommerstein is a reporter for North Country Public Radio. Amy Sisk reports for Inside Energy, a public media collaboration focused on America's energy issues.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
President Trump is spending his first week in office reversing Obama administration policies. He's already signed executive actions on health care, two controversial oil pipelines, and he is promising to undo President Obama's plan to reduce carbon emissions from power plants.
NPR's Jennifer Ludden joins us now with a couple of different stories about how this may play out around the country. Hey, Jennifer.
JENNIFER LUDDEN, BYLINE: Hi, Ari.
SHAPIRO: Where does this Clean Power Plan stand right now?
LUDDEN: It is on hold. It is tied up in court. So about two dozen mostly conservative states had sued the Obama administration to block the plan. We could have a decision on that any day now. But if it's upheld, the Trump administration would likely appeal. So practically speaking, for now, a lot of people already consider this Clean Power Plan dead.
SHAPIRO: This plan was supposed to be the main way that the U.S. carried out its commitment under the Paris climate deal. So if this is effectively dead, does that mean the U.S. just won't meet its commitment?
LUDDEN: Well, it's up now to each state. So each one had a target for how much it was supposed to reduce carbon emissions. We decided to look at two places that feel very differently about this plan and tackling climate change.
SHAPIRO: So you've brought us two stories. We're going to look at what's happening in North Dakota in just a moment. First, we have North Country Public Radio's David Sommerstein reporting from upstate New York.
DAVID SOMMERSTEIN, BYLINE: It's cloudy and slushy in Canton, hardly ideal solar weather. But when dairy farmer Rick Moore checks on his new solar array tucked by a slouching red barn, it's squeezing out power.
RICK MOORE: You still get rays that still help heat it up.
SOMMERSTEIN: The system harnesses the sun to heat water Moore uses to spray down milking equipment. It'll save him a thousand dollars a year and help reduce carbon emissions that Moore says are changing the climate.
MOORE: We had winters when I first started that (laughter) you had three feet of snow and cold for two weeks at a time. And you're not seeing that nowadays.
SOMMERSTEIN: New York state paid for almost the whole system. It sees Rick Moore as a tiny piece of a puzzle that adds up to getting half of New York's power from renewables by 2030 even without Obama's Clean Power Plan. In fact, Governor Andrew Cuomo is now doubling down on that goal.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANDREW CUOMO: And we are not going to stop until we reach a hundred percent renewable because that's what a sustainable New York is really all about.
(APPLAUSE)
SOMMERSTEIN: New York is pouring billions into everything from solar to smart power grids, huge offshore wind farms to electric car charging stations. The state already gets almost 25 percent of its power from renewables, mostly from hydropower dams. Critics say that next 25 percent is the big lift.
Cheap natural gas has driven down power prices so much, says Gavin Donohue of the Independent Power Producers of New York, that existing renewables like wind, hydro and biomass need more state help to stay in business.
GAVIN DONOHUE: What's guiding all of our policy development here in New York is not cost, not efficiencies, not reliability but what gets us to some magical CO2 number to show that we're a national leader.
SOMMERSTEIN: Another complication could be Cuomo's announcement to shut down Indian Point Nuclear Plant near New York City. But the state says it plans to replace that with another kind of carbon-free power. For NPR News, I'm David Sommerstein in Canton, N.Y.
AMY SISK, BYLINE: I'm Amy Sisk with Prairie Public Broadcasting in North Dakota, where coal produces three quarters of the state's electricity. Every day, thousands of tons of lignite coal are dumped onto trucks and carried to nearby power plants. But the Clean Power Plan would have required North Dakota to cut its carbon emissions more than almost any other state - 45 percent. Here's Randy Christmann with the North Dakota Public Service Commission.
RANDY CHRISTMANN: North Dakota had to be two-thirds of that way by 2022. That's only a few years away, and there's no way we were getting there.
SISK: North Dakota would likely have had to add hundreds of wind turbines and shut down coal mines and plants. Jason Bohrer with North Dakota's lignite coal trade group says it's great the Clean Power Plan is likely gone under Trump, but...
JASON BOHRER: Donald Trump is not the cure-all for the coal industry. This doesn't fix everything. It just gives us the opportunity to provide solutions.
SISK: He says Americans are demanding cleaner energy. Cheap wind power has grown into North Dakota's second-biggest electricity source. So even though the pressure's off to curb emissions, the state's looking to clean up coal as a way to save jobs.
The state and coal industry have sunk millions since developing a coal plant that reuses the carbon dioxide it creates. That would mean zero emissions. If it works, Dave Glatt with the state health department thinks this could bring the state close to that ambitious 45 percent reduction targets.
DAVE GLATT: We may not hit it necessarily on the exact timelines that the Clean Power Plan was looking at, but I do think that that's something that we should look at. Can we achieve that or even go beyond that?
SISK: This year, North Dakota will craft its own plan hoping coal and renewables can co-exist. For NPR News, I'm Amy Sisk in Bismarck.
SHAPIRO: And Amy Sisk comes to us from Inside Energy, a public media collaboration focused on America's energy issues.
NPR's Jennifer Ludden is still here in the studio. And Jennifer, it sounds like because of state initiatives and market forces, the U.S. might actually be able to make its Paris climate commitment even if the Trump administration doesn't push the country in that direction.
LUDDEN: Well, you know, it's hard to say. I mean some of these market forces might take a really long time to play out. But you know, Obama's Clean Power Plan is actually an easy lift, and there are a lot of states who are close to meeting their goals.
SHAPIRO: Now, I was at the Paris climate summit, and I remember everybody there saying the commitments countries made in Paris were not enough. So where do we go from there?
LUDDEN: That's right. That is the big question. The U.S. and other countries would have to do a lot more to keep emissions below the point where scientists say they will have disastrous consequences. And so far, we have not heard anything to suggest that the Trump administration plans to make that extra push.
SHAPIRO: NPR's Jennifer Ludden, thanks.
LUDDEN: Thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
PKL Auction 2018: 5 IPL cricketers who turned out cheaper than Monu Goyat
Here are five cricketers, whose contract was cheaper than Monu Goyat, who is PKL history's biggest buy at 151 lakh rupees.
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 01:24 IST 575 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Monu Goyat (in green) was bought for a whopping sum of 151 lakh rupees
Monu Goyat, became the latest internet sensation for his latest record of claiming the highest ever contract as part of the VIVO Pro Kabaddi League, after his services were procured by the Haryana Steelers for a mind-boggling ₹151 lakh rupees.
He has also emerged as the talk of the town, even surpassing the likes of Nitin Tomar, Rahul Chaudhari to rise as the league's costliest player.
While Monu was expected to go for a high price given his exploits in the previous season, the icing on the cake was that his value went even higher than that of PKL's poster boy Rahul Chaudhari on a day that saw six players cross the ₹100 lakh margin while Manjeet Chhillar had to settle with base price and Ravinder Pahal went unsold.
Although the Pro Kabaddi League auction did not match the tension that is portrayed during the Indian Premier League auctions, the scene was almost similar with teams carefully chalking out their strategies while paralleling plotting the other franchises' downfall.
However, the spotlight belonged to Monu Goyat, who is now the highest paid non-cricket Indian athlete and is set to earn more than Sunil Chhetri, who signed a ₹150 lakh worth contract with Bengaluru FC in 2016.
Such was the magnitude of Haryana's purchase that it even eclipsed some contracts earned by cricketers in the 2018 IPL auctions. Here are 5 cricketers who were bought cheaper than Monu Goyat.
#5 Stuart Binny - ₹50 lakh
Binny is seen bowling against CSK
The Karnataka-based all-rounder, who has also represented India, played for the Royals from 2011-15 before moving to the Royal Challengers Bangalore, where he found a spot in the team but was not very consistent.
In the 2018 auction, he was not picked in the initial round but was picked in the accelerated process for a sum of ₹50 lakh by the Rajasthan Royals, and joined his statesmen Krishnappa Gowtham and Shreyas Gopal in the Royals' setup.
Unable to cement his place in the team initially, Binny was only a constant part of the Royals' team in the latter half of the tournament, but could not contribute much, scoring only 44 runs from 5 matches at a strike rate of 112.82 apart and did not pick a single wicket right through the tournament.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE star Jordan Wright has been axed amid a row over him allegedly taking paid sick leave from his job at the London Fire Brigade.
The 25-year-old has been off work since February, but has featured in every episode of the new series on ITVBe, which kicked off on March 12.
London Fire Brigade staff are not allowed to have second jobs without written permission.
Working on sick leave is also banned.
Jordan, from Stanford-le-Hope, Essex, who also describes himself as a personal trainer and regularly posts pictures of his gym workouts, has not cleared his reality TV career with bosses.
(Image: jordanwrights/Instagram)
It has left some of his fire-fighter colleagues fuming. One said: “Why is he still being paid to do a job that he's not doing, while we can all see him on TV?”
Wright stopped filming last week after the Mirror contacted producers.
He is expected to appear only briefly in Sunday's episode.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
His showbiz manager hung up when asked why his client was claiming sick pay.
A show insider said: “We won't film with him until this is resolved.”
London Fire Brigade is understood to be investigating.
No behavior and no amount of money has ever deterred Jerry Jones from signing a single player. But we have found an action so abhorrent that the owner of the Dallas Cowboys will not tolerate.
Safety Eric Reid is a player the Cowboys could use, and he will come at a decent price. But he's one of them kneelers. Jerry's tolerance for off-the-field issues is legendary, but he doesn't have the stomach for those who take a knee.
Because he knows you don't.
Any team's decision not to pursue a perfectly serviceable 26-year-old player is on you.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
You can blame Jerry Jones for everything up to and including the direction of the sunrise, but this type of decision is based on the fans.
And the fans don't like them kneelers. How pathetic.
Fans can cheer drug dealers, DWI offenders, killers, rapists and beaters of dogs and women. But a few dudes who silently and peacefully protest by not standing during the national anthem? Fans will turn, walk away and not spend their money.
Because they don't care. Because they believe the preposterous idea that these players were protesting the American flag. Or the troops.
NFL free agency is running, and Reid can't find a job even though, while he's not a great player, he merits a contract. He is one of the players who protested next to former 49ers teammate Colin Kaepernick. While Reid's name is nowhere near as synonymous with the NFL-player-protest movement as Kaepernick's, he is being treated like the ex-49ers quarterback.
Kaep' was just another can't-play, spare backup quarterback, but he was good enough to be on a team. The only reason every NFL team ran from him was because of that knee.
Reid is now getting Kaep'd.
NFL owners are scared that some of the league's declining attendance and TV ratings are linked to the player protest movement.
As evidenced by the Philadelphia Eagles, which featured several players who protested, the act had no negative effect on results. The Eagles won the Super Bowl, which is normally considered a good achievement in pro football.
The people who took this all wrong simply need to take the fast lane to get over themselves. No one is getting hurt during these protests. No one is threatening anyone. The whole thing takes about two minutes, and we know you're ignoring it anyway. Just deal with it.
At the behest of Sheriff Stephen Jones, the Cowboys are no longer shopping in the Neiman's section of NFL free agency. Even with this new "cost conscious" mindset there is a genuine match for need and price at the safety position.
Reid is only 26. He's not going to cost a lot. Byron Jones can't play safety. Jeff Heath is a great story and a nice player.
Reid could be a bridge to a guy who could actually bear some resemblance to Darren Woodson, which this defense desperately needs.
You may not remember, but in 2013 the Cowboys had the 18th pick in the NFL Draft and traded down with the 49ers to the 31st spot.
The Cowboys' selection of Wisconsin center Travis Frederick was roundly ripped, but he turned into the anchor on the offensive line the team projected. With the pick the Cowboys' acquired from the 49ers, they chose Baylor receiver Terrance Williams.
The Cowboys nailed that move.
Meanwhile, the 49ers selected Reid in the Cowboys' original slot.
The Cowboys liked Reid, but Jerry said he felt the LSU safety was "too rich" at 18. Our Pro Football Hall of Famer was right. Reid did, however, develop into a decent player for some good and some terrible 49ers teams.
The only reason to not like him now is because of his knee.
Speaking of rich ...
Jerry was the only man willing to sign Greg Hardy in 2015 after he had been convicted by a North Carolina judge of nearly beating his ex-girlfriend to death. And although the move disgusted some of you, AT&T Stadium was full when Hardy made his debut, and every single Cowboys fan cheered when he sacked Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Fans defended Hardy when he famously snapped, "no comment" to reporters after he nearly assaulted an assistant coach during a sideline blowup against the Giants in New Jersey.
Michael Irvin had repeated run-ins with the law during his Hall of Fame career with the Cowboys, and his No. 88 jerseys flew off the shelves.
Cowboy fans sure did cheer when Leon Lett came back after his drug suspension in 1995.
Adam "Pacman" Jones was handed a pass by the fans when Jerry signed him in 2008, even though Pac had been arrested six times before joining the team.
How can we forget the waste of time that was the addition of Tank Johnson? He, too, arrived in 2008 after the Bears dumped him, in part because of his arrest on firearms charges.
Starting with Jerry's "gateway drug" — Charles Haley — others arrived to the Cowboys covered in concerns and red flags: Alonzo Spellman, Dimitrius Underwood, Terrell Owens, to name a few. At various points, they all were cheered, celebrated and fans bought their jerseys.
Again, some of these men had criminal records.
But Eric Reid?
That's one knee too far, which is entirely on you.
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are making it look easy at Wimbledon — again.
Caroline Wozniacki is heading home early — again.
Federer and Williams cruised into the third round with straight-sets victories on Wednesday, looking at home on the Centre Court where they have won 15 titles between them.
However, Wozniacki still can't seem to get comfortable at the England Club — especially when there's a swarm of bugs flying around her head.
The Australian Open champion went out before the third round for the fourth time in seven years, losing 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia after complaining to the chair umpire about the insects that invaded No. 1 court during the second set.
No such problems for Federer, who won 35 straight points on his serve on route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia, 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
After serving out for the first set, Federer didn't drop a single point on his serve in the second and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third — when Lacko finally sent a backhand winner down the line.
It was another dominant display by the eight-time champion, who lost just nine of 61 points on his serve in total and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
"On certain days it goes better than others," Federer said. "Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players."
Williams was nearly as good, losing just five of 32 points on her first serve in a 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova. It was her 16th straight victory at Wimbledon, although she missed last year's tournament while pregnant.
Gov. Charlie Baker said Monday that "hatred, bigotry and violence...have no place in our Commonwealth," in the wake of this weekend's violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
On Saturday, a car plowed into a crowd at a counter-rally, killing one woman and injuring 19 people. The driver, who allegedly admired Nazism, has been charged with second-degree murder.
A Boston Free Speech rally is planned for Saturday on the Boston Common. At least one scheduled speaker in Boston headlined the Charlottesville rally, and several are part of the so-called "alt-right" movement.
State and Boston police officials have said they will monitor intelligence related to the rally to make sure it remains safe.
On Monday, Baker spokesman Billy Pitman said in a statement: "Public safety is the top priority of the Baker-Polito Administration and state officials are in touch with Boston law enforcement to monitor the situation and ensure everyone's safety. Governor Baker is saddened and disturbed by the tragic events in Charlottesville, and believes hatred, bigotry and violence as well as those who promote it have no place in our Commonwealth or country."
Baker tweeted Saturday, "E Pluribus Unum - out of many, one. This is who we've been & who we must be. Hatred & bigotry have no place here."
The Yorkshire Post's chief football writer Richard Sutclffe delivers his player ratings after Huddersfield Town slipped to defeat at Manchester United in the Premier League.
Lossl 7
Good early save to deny Lingard. Also got down smartly to keep out Sanchez in the first half. Saved Sanchez penalty only for the Chile international to fire in the rebound.
Smith 6
Restored to the side at right back, the Terriers captain stuck doggedly to his task. His forays forward down the flank were understandably sporadic but he posed a threat. Brilliant block to deny Sanchez early in the second half. Booked.
Jorgensen 7
Caught napping to present Lingard with a first half chance but Lossl spared his blushes. Otherwise, though, ‘Zanka' had a habit of tending to be in the right place at the right time during heavy periods of home pressure.
Schindler 6
Managed a couple of vital clearances as the hosts cranked up the pressure but, phyisally, never quite looked comfortable, as if troubled by a niggling injury. Substituted.
Kongolo 7
Shifted from the central role he played on Tuesday to left back and again impressed. Was a fraction too late in an aerial challenge and smashed into McTominay, prompting Mourinho to race from seat and, with justification, demand a penalty.
Haderjgonaj 7
Moved from his usual right back position into midfield, joining Hogg and Billing in front of the back four. Impressed, both in his closing down and attempts to get forward.
Hogg 6
Ran and ran and ran for the Terriers cause but, as with his team-mates, struggled to make much headway going forward.
Billing 6
Clattered McTominay early on to let him know what the Premier League was all about. Booked later for a foul on Rojo. Substituted soon afterwards.
Quaner 6
Worked hard down the right flank and did produce a lovely cross for Depoitre just before half-time that needed a brave header from Smalling to avert the danger. Too often, though, his distribution was poor.
Van la Parra 6
Incensed Mourinho by going down after what he felt was a foul - only to spring back up 30 seconds later when the ball came his way. Did little else of note attacking-wise. Substituted.
Depoitre 6
Tireless running but was isolated throughout by Town's need to defend in numbers. Forced to survive on scraps
Substitutes
Mooy (for Billing 33) 6
Brought more control to Town's midfield after coming off the bench. Moved further forward once Huddersfild were behind
Hefele (for Schindler 59) 5
Cautioned for a foul on Sanchez, who he then later tripped for the penalty.
Ince (for Van la Parra 69) 5
Little chance to make an impact.
It will cost Brits the same to use their phone abroad as it does in the UK – but for how long after Brexit?
Roaming charges across the European Union have been abolished, meaning the cost of making a call, sending a text or accessing data will cost the same in another EU state as it does in the UK.
The EU has been working to lower the cost of using a mobile phone abroad over the past few years a view to today's complete ban. The European Parliament, Council and Commission finalised regulations in February and a vote in April formally approved the agreement.
Mobile operators will be limited to charging their foreign counterparts 3.2 cents per voice call, 1 cent per SMS and €7.7 per GB of data – the cost of which will fall incrementally each year until it reaches €2.5GB in 2022.
EU roaming
The regulations will benefit the UK until it leaves the European Union (EU) – unless the government can secure coverage as per the terms of its departure agreement. European leaders say the development will benefit Europeans and allow for the creation of pan European telecoms services, including those for the Internet of Things (IoT).
The regulations have been opposed by the mobile industry, which fears a loss in revenue.
It is estimated that roaming revenues within the EU could fall by 28 percent from 2017, but Juniper Research says income will recover in the medium term once people start to become more comfortable using their phone abroad.
Vodafone, EE , O2 and Three have all informed customers of the changes, although some have masqueraded the legislation as a new offer.
Other studies suggest fear of bill shock means many travellers turn roaming off and use Wi-Fi or even switch their phone off entirely when abroad, meaning no revenue is generated for operators. Some, most notably Three, have made inclusive roaming a feature of their contracts.
However some believe the caps are too high, particularly Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs).
Do you know all about mobile operators in Britain? Take our quiz.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two women have been selected to be the first in the UK to have 'three parent babies' after a radical new fertility treatment was approved.
In March last year Newcastle Fertility Centre was given the first licence to create a baby with three genetic parents.
The advanced IVF procedure was developed to prevent children dying from genetic diseases and now individual applications to carry out the mitochondrial replacement therapy (MRT) for two unnamed women have been approved.
The two women carry mutations in a gene that causes a rare condition known as myoclonic epilepsy, or Merrf syndrome, according to minutes from the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority's (HFEA) approval committee.
Merrf syndrome is a neurodegenerative disorder that worsens over time and often results in an early death.
(Image: Getty)
It is usually diagnosed in childhood when people develop sudden spasms which progress to a loss of muscle control, weakness, deafness and dementia.
The HFEA committee reviewed the women's medical and family histories and concluded that any children they conceived may be affected by “serious multi-systemic and progressive disease” which would severely affect their quality of life.
The aim of MRT will be to stop the mother passing on defective genes in the mitochondria, tiny power plants in cells that supply energy, reports the Newcastle Chronicle .
(Image: Getty Images)
But the technique, which involves giving her an IVF baby with DNA from three individuals, is highly controversial.
The baby will have nuclear DNA from its mother and father that define key characteristics such as personality and eye colour. In addition, it will have a tiny amount of mitochondrial DNA provided by a woman donor - the third “parent”.
Approval of the Newcastle clinic's facilities, equipment and staff was announced by the HFEA in March, but separate appraisals are still needed to assess the suitability of each candidate.
(Image: PA)
These have to take account of medical history and personal biology to ensure that the procedure is safe and likely to meet with success.
A HFEA spokeswoman said: “Our Statutory Approvals Committee has considered applications from the Newcastle Fertility Centre at Life, part of Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, for the use of mitochondrial donation in treatment for two patients, both of which have been approved.”
Hall of Famers Barry Sanders, Lawrence Taylor, Mel Renfro and Merlin Olson are the only other players to accomplish the feat. Browns owner Jimmy Haslam III is confident that Thomas will join them in nearby Canton.
"Five years from now, all of us in this room will make the trek down to Canton to watch Joe as a first-ballot Hall of Famer, which he richly deserves as one of the all-time greats of the league," Haslam said.
"But first, we're celebrating him today, and we'll celebrate it again this year when the number 10,363 goes up in our ring of honour (at FirstEnergy Stadium)."
Haslam, general manager John Dorsey and coach Hue Jackson presented Thomas with a fishing rod embroidered with his familiar No. 73. The city of Cleveland will fete him on July 3 with "Joe Thomas Day."
Thomas' local popularity began on his draft day, when he bypassed a trip to New York in favour of fishing with his father. While on Lake Michigan, he told reporters that his objective was to become a Hall of Famer.
"I knew what I wanted to focus on from day one because I wanted to make sure my goals were as high as they wanted to be," he said. "I gave it my all and I never sold myself short. Hopefully, in five years, I'll be able to think about that a little more."
Though he hopes to remain with the Browns in some capacity, Thomas plans on moving back to Wisconsin to spend more time with his parents and extended family. His short-term plan is continuing to host a podcast with former Cleveland wide receiver Andrew Hawkins, but he is eager to pursue potential coaching and broadcasting jobs.
Jackson, who warmly embraced Thomas off stage, compared him to a fancy sports car and believes he will be successful in whatever field he chooses.
"I don't know if I'm a Ferrari, maybe more of a beat-up truck like Mater on that show 'Cars,'" Thomas said. "The main reason I retired was I knew that Hue was going to make the rest of the team jump in the lake with him this year (honouring his vow after a 0-16 season), and I didn't want to do that."
NOTE: The Browns sent defensive back C.J. Smith to Seattle for a 2020 conditional seventh-round pick.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Brian Dulik, The Associated Press
"He's the main piece for our defence," Baltimore coach John Harbaugh said.
Rajesh K. Rajpal, M.D., founder of See Clearly Vision Group in Virginia and an expert on laser eye surgery, performed both operations on Williams' eyes.
"It almost always affects both eyes — 98 to 99 per cent of the time — but usually one eye will be more severe," Rajpal said. "Now that both eyes are done, Brandon should be fine. But we will continue to monitor him to make sure it doesn't get worse."
Williams wears contact lenses to aid his vision, but removes them on game days.
"In his case, the lenses he's using allow him to function well enough in day-to-day activities," Rajpal said. "During the football season, he plays without the lens because he doesn't want to take a chance of getting something beneath the lens and damaging his eye. That's OK, because he's doing things up close and a lot of it is about feel."
Rajpal added: "A baseball pitcher or a batter, it would be really tough for them to function without the contact lenses if they have this condition."
St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Tommy Pham has undergone cross-linking and wears contact lenses on the field.
When Williams first experienced blurry vision, he figured he needed LASIK surgery. But Rajpal says LASIK would actually further thin the cornea.
"When we're doing the testing for LASIK, we do corneal topography, which maps the corneal curvature," Rajpal said. "If keratoconus is significant enough, we offer the cross-linking."
If left untreated, the disease can be dangerous.
"Then we have to a corneal transplant," Rajpal said. "Fortunately, the vast majority don't completely lose their vision."
Williams nevertheless knows he avoided a potentially life-changing situation.
"I am thankful for having my sight," he said. Then, with a chuckle, he added, "I don't have to be blind, so that's a plus."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
For the first time in 22 years, Republicans in the 11th Congressional District are facing a primary race without an incumbent. A diverse group of candidates is on the ballot, including traditional conservatives, social moderates, and one who wants to reengineer the entire congressional voting structure.
With 12-term incumbent Rodney Frelinghuysen retiring, Republicans have an opportunity to fill the spot with one of five candidates: Patrick Allocco, a former concert promoter trying to change the democratic process; Peter De Neufville, a technologies expert with an eye on the national debt; Antony Ghee, an African-American investment banker running on the Republican values of individual freedom and small government; and Jay Webber, a long-time Assemblyman running on his Republican voting record in the State House.
Webber and Ghee are leading the pack in terms of fundraising and party-line endorsements, but the other candidates are banking on a surprise in June.
Click here for the full article »
Bruce Power and ITM Isotopen Technologien München (ITM) have announced an agreement to explore the production of the medical radioisotope Lutetium-177 with an ITM subsidiary.
That company, ITG, working as part of the specialized radiopharmaceutical company, signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Bruce Power to explore the production of Lutetium-177 at the Kincardine-area nuclear site.
Bruce Power is a world leader in the production of critical radioisotopes used to treat cancer,” said Mike Rencheck, Bruce Power's president and CEO. “By developing innovative ways to generate these radioisotopes, we help ensure that the medical community has access to a reliable source of medical radioisotopes for Targeted Radionuclide Therapy.”
Lutetium-177 is used in Targeted Radionuclide Therapy to treat cancers like neuroendocrine tumours and prostate cancer. Medical-grade Lutetium is used to destroy cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unaffected.
The MOU will give the company the ability to meet global supply needs through 2064 and the joint effort will explore how Lutetium-177 can be produced at Bruce Power's CANDU reactors.
“We are looking forward to working with Bruce Power to secure a new global supply source of our medical-grade Lutetium,” said Steffen Schuster, CEO of ITM. “With Bruce Power's long-term outlook to operate its facility through 2064 and its existing expertise with Cobalt production, we have the opportunity to provide a stable source of Lutetium-177 to cancer patients worldwide.”
Development, processing, and global distribution of Lutetium-177 will be managed by ITG. This partnership aims to meet the medical community's growing demand for Lutetium-177.
The Walking Dead has said goodbye to plenty of significant characters over its eight-season run, but it may be about to suffer its biggest loss yet: former sheriff's deputy and survivor leader Rick Grimes.
Andrew Lincoln, who plays the central character in AMC's long-running, zombie apocalypse drama, will leave during the upcoming Season 9, according to news reports. Collider first reported the story Tuesday and Entertainment Weekly and The Wrap later reported the news, citing anonymous sources.
AMC would not comment on the reports.
Collider says Lincoln could leave as early as six episodes into the new season. The Walking Dead traditionally opens each season in October, with eight episodes in the fall and eight in the spring.
In a 2015 USA TODAY interview during Season 5, Lincoln said he wasn't ready to leave, but that the show could continue without him.
The departure of Lincoln's Rick would be momentous in terms of the character's prominence in the show and also his longevity. With the death of Rick's son, Carl (Chandler Riggs), in Season 8 — itself a traumatic event for the series — only Rick, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) and Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride) remain from Season 1.
The battle between Rick's survivors and the Saviors, led by Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), has been the major story of the two most recent seasons, but it was resolved in April's Season 8 finale.
Over time, Maggie Greene (Lauren Cohan), the pregnant widow of Glenn Rhee, has increased her standing as a survivor leader. The future of Cohan, who first appeared on the show in Season 2, was up in the air for a time but she told Entertainment Weekly at CinemaCon in April that she will return for Season 9. She also has an upcoming ABC series, Whiskey Cavalier.
Another popular character, Morgan Jones (Lennie James), left The Walking Dead after Season 8, moving to sister series Fear the Walking Dead in the first character crossover between the two shows.
Professors and graduate students in UNT's Department of Engineering discovered a way to fix critical problems for lithium-sulfur (Li-S) batteries, researchers said. The Li-S battery is economically friendly and has a longer battery life than normal commercial lithium-ion batteries.
The battery is coated with a chemical compound which allows for lithium-ions to travel within the battery, fixing problems other researchers or companies could not configure, said Wonbong Choi, materials science and engineering professor at UNT.
Production of the battery began around three years ago with a total of seven researchers including three UNT professors, one postdoctoral researcher and three UNT doctoral students.
Mechanical and energy engineering professor Vish Prasad said the idea started at UNT, and the University of Texas at Dallas got involved later on.
The Li-S battery can be used in electric vehicles and high energy storage devices, Prasad said. Choi envisioned the Li-S battery could be used in drones.
“This kind of ground-breaking technology is needed for electrical vehicles to go longer distances, a major challenge for fast growth in EVs,” Prasad said.
The battery is not being sold yet. The technology must go through prototyping and commercialization before this battery can be available on the market, Prasad said.
Regular batteries (lithium-ion batteries) have an energy density of 160 watt-hours per kilogram (Wh/kg), whereas the Li-S battery has at least three times the energy density at 400 Wh/kg. The Li-S battery can charge up to six times the amount as a commercial battery, which means the difference between having a cellular device last a day versus up to a week on a single charge, Choi said.
The lithium-sulfur battery is coated with a layer of molybdenum disulfide thinner than a piece of human hair between two lithium electrodes, which are small pieces of metal that send electric currents, Choi said.
Mechanical engineering freshman Logan Aflleje likes the idea of the Li-S battery since it could impact the cell phone industry by enabling batteries to last longer.
“This new lithium-sulfur battery could definitely be a good thing for the future, especially since it is economically friendly,” Aflleje said. “Technology is always changing because we come across so many new improvements.”
Aflleje said many people complain about the longevity of cell phones and the devices' battery impacts how long the phone will actually last.
“Cell phone batteries are only made to last about a year, and then you will start to see drastic changes in your cell phone life,” Afleje said. “So a battery that could last longer and is good for the environment is by far a huge advancement and has the potential to change a lot of technology that we use every day.”
Featured Image: Material science engineering graduate student Eunho Cha demonstrates how to make a lithium-sulfur battery. Sara Carpenter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dog owner fought off a group of allegedly 'drunken thugs' in his own home after his bulldog was allegedly hurled from a balcony into the road.
Cristian Dutu, 27, and his mum were left with horrific injuries when a group of men allegedly targeted them after being asked to stop causing trouble in the street.
The men appeared to scramble on to Mr Dutu's balcony in Toxteth, Liverpool, before allegedly grabbing his dog Hindo by the legs and launching her to the road.
She was left lying in the street after being hit by a van and collapsing, reports the Liverpool Echo.
Police rushed the stricken animal to a vet while Mr Dutu and his mum gave statements and received treatment – but Hindo succumbed to internal bleeding.
Warehouse worker Mr Dutu who moved to Liverpool from Romania seven years ago, said: “My dog was a very harmless dog. She never a bit anyone. I would talk to her in the same way I would to a person, she was a very clever dog.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
Six men were arrested on the evening of Saturday April 21, and later released on police bail pending further investigation.
No-one has yet been charged over the incident.
Mr Dutu said there have been serious issues in the area with anti social behaviour and street drinking, and says neighbours are terrified to confront large groups of males who gather in the streets.
He described how on the day of the alleged attack he reported a gathering of up to 40 people drinking in the street and playing loud music to police at around 4.45pm.
He said: “When they started to drink they began thinking about forgotten debts; you owe me this money, you lost this car to the police.
“They started being aggressive among themselves and I notified the police.”
Mr Dutu says he used the force's new Facebook page to report the incident, and sent pictures of what was happening.
A Merseyside Police spokesman said when an officer attended at 5.15pm, there was not enough evidence to make any arrests.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
However between 7pm and 8pm a man on the street below jumped on another man's windscreen, causing the glass to shatter.
Mr Dutu said some of the men began throwing bottles at nearby cars, which prompted Ms Filip to go out and remonstrate with the men.
Mr Dutu said: “So they started throwing bottles. At this point my mother went outside and she said drink your drinks, have fun if you want to but leave the cars. That's when it all kicked off.”
At that point he called 999 but had to drop the call when men started attacking him and his mum.
He said: “At this point five or six people climbed on my balcony and they started punching, one of them was punching my mother.”
Mr Dutu claimed one man threw his phone into the road and he was forced to punch them back to defend himself, while a hero neighbour also tried to intervene.
But in the middle of the chaos Hindo, who had been trying to get in-between Ms Filip and the alleged attackers, was allegedly grabbed by the scruff of her neck and her legs and hurled into the street.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
Shortly afterwards, the police arrived and the men allegedly attacking Mr Dutu and his mum fled.
But during the scuffle they had both sustained serious knife wounds, which caused them to have to take time off work.
He said his mum was so devastated when she heard the news that Hindo had died, she refused to get her wounds stitched.
Mr Dutu said: “My life has been pretty s***. We lost our jobs, I had to take time off for the doctors and to talk to the police.
“The street went quiet after that.”
Mr Dutu has since got another dog, but says no-one will replace Hindo.
He said: “It squeezes my heart. I can't live without a dog.”
A Merseyside Police statement said: "We can confirm officers were called to a property in Toxteth on Saturday, 21 April, following reports of a disturbance.
"Officers were called to Wendell Street at 7.15pm and found a man and a woman suffering a number of injuries. They have been taken to hospital for treatment and their injuries are not life threatening.
"An injured dog also found at the scene was removed for medical attention but has subsequently died.
"Six people have been arrested and taken into custody for questioning.
"An investigation is ongoing into the circumstances of the disturbance and it is still in the very early stages.
"Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police, quoting ref 1027 of 21 April 2018, either on social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police CC'. You can also call 101.
"Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information."
Magistrates' have ordered restricted access to a property in Newbury following years of anti-social behaviour and drug use.
A closure order has been served on a flat in Kyftle Court, St Michaels Road, stating that only specified individuals are allowed inside the property for the next three months.
Officers applied for the closure order, in partnership with local agencies, following years of anti-social behaviour and drug use at the property affecting local residents.
The order was granted at Reading Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, March 13.
PC Darryl MacAndrew, from the Problem-Solving Team for West Berkshire, said: "Anti-social behaviour legislation allows us to take action on behalf of our residents and we will continue to use these powers to tackle problems most affecting our communities."
Area manager for Sanctuary Housing, Nicki Summerell, said: "Obtaining this closure order demonstrates the importance of working in partnership with the local police and we're pleased that this will see the end of the anti-social behaviour issues neighbours have experienced for so long in the community."
West Berkshire's executive member for community resilience and partnerships, Marcus Franks (Con, Speen), said: "We are pleased to see the legislation available to us being used by collaborating partner agencies to support local residents and to intervene on their behalf."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rumours and speculation about the iPhone 8 are already in full flow, leaving many Apple fans wondering when the highly-anticipated handset will make an appearance.
Apple hasn't made an official announcement yet, but the tech giant's launch events have fallen into a bit of a pattern in recent years, meaning we can hazard a fairly good guess as to when it will be.
The iPhone 7 was announced at an event on 7 September 2016, the iPhone 6s was announced on 9 September 2015, the iPhone 6 was announced on 9 September 2014, and the iPhone 5s and 5c were announced on 10 September 2013.
Apple tends to favour Tuesdays and Wednesdays for its events, as that gives it a week and a half between unveiling the new handset and it's going on sale, giving early reviewers a chance to deliver their verdicts.
(Image: Martin Hajek)
The iPhone 8 launch event is therefore most likely to take place on 5 or 6 September - or potentially a week later on 12 or 13 September - with sales commencing the following week.
Some market analysts have suggested that the iPhone 8 could be delayed by weeks or even months, amid rumours that Apple is struggling to find a way to integrate its Touch ID fingerprint reader into the screen.
However, the latest report from usually reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo states that the new iPhone will go on sale in mid-September as usual, about a week and a half after it is first shown off.
What will be launched at the Apple event?
(Image: iDrop news)
The iPhone 8 will undoubtedly to be the star of the show, but it is not the only new product that Apple is expected to unveil at its Autumn event.
The company will also release the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus, as well as its new mobile operating system, iOS 11 , and possibly even its third-generation Apple Watch, according to reports.
While the iPhone 8 is expected to be an entirely new smartphone - featuring an all-glass design, a curved OLED display and wireless charging - the 7s and 7s Plus will be more direct upgrades from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
They will be almost identical in appearance to their predecessors, but will probably feature upgraded processors, cameras and storage options.
(Image: Getty)
All three iPhones will run iOS 11, the software first unveiled at its Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in June. Apple usually uses the September event to show off some of the apps that have been developer for the new operating system.
There's also a chance that a new version of the Apple Watch could be launched at the event. The Apple Watch Series 2 was first unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 in 2016, so there's a good chance the third generation will appear alongside the iPhone 8.
Finally, Apple may confirm a release date for its HomePod smart speaker , which was also teased at WWDC in June.
HomePod is Apple's answer to Amazon Echo and Google Home, allowing users to control their music and interact with their environment using voice commands.
(Image: Apple)
Apple has said the HomePod will start shipping in the UK, US and Australia in December, but has not given a more specific release date.
How can you watch the keynote?
A live stream of Tim Cook's keynote speech is usually available on Apple's website, but you can only watch in on an Apple device - such as an iPad or Mac computer - with an up-to-date version of Safari.
Mirror Online will also be live-blogging the event, so you can follow all the announcements as they happen right here.
Tata Power's income from its power business grew about 6% to Rs10.01 billion for the June quarter. photo: Mint
Tata Power Co. Ltd's first-quarter profit more than doubled, helped by higher income from its core power generation business.
Profit came in at Rs1.64 billion ($25.6 million) in the quarter ended 30 June, compared with a profit of Rs724.9 million a year earlier, the company said on Monday.
Income from its power business grew about 6% to Rs10.01 billion for the quarter.
Shares of the company were trading 5.5% higher after the results. Reuters
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger could be forced into a summer showdown with Borussia Dortmund and Atletico Madrid in his quest to land Alexandre Lacazette.
Gunners chief Wenger has made the Lyon striker his No.1 target this summer, as prepares a £200million overhaul of the first-team squad.
Lacazette, 25, has scored 30 times for OL this season but they are set to miss out on the Champions League after an inconsistent year in Ligue 1.
Now the French international is ready to leave the club, in his quest for regular action against Europe's elite.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Wenger is ready to make a move for a player he has tracked for over 12 months, but Atletico Madrid are also monitoring Lacazette.
Diego Simeone hasn't been completely convinced by Kevin Gameiro and has been eyeing Lacazette in case Antoine Griezmann jumps ship to join Manchester United.
But the Argentine is likely to move regardless of Griezmann's situation, ahead of what is expected to be his final season in charge of Atleti, as they eye one final La Liga title tilt.
And now, according to Bild, Dortmund are ready to move right to the front of the queue if Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang quite the German club.
(Photo: Bongarts)
Aubameyang has made no secret of his desire to challenge himself by joining one of Europe's biggest clubs, but has struggled to find interest from "dream club" Real Madrid.
Dortmund have been looking to flush out interest in the Gabonese star, in their quest to land £60million-plus.
And if they get that money through the door, then Lacazette is the man to whom they'll turn as a replacement, potentially ruining the first block in Wenger's Arsenal rebuild.
State Releases Videos Made By Parkland, Fla., Shooting Defendant
Enlarge this image toggle caption Taimy Alvarez/AP Taimy Alvarez/AP
Prosecutors have released three cellphone videos recorded by Nikolas Cruz, in which he described his plans for the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla. Some of the videos appear to have been recorded the day of the shooting.
In one, Cruz says, "This is the day, the day that it all begins." In another, he lays out plans for the shooting. "My name is Nik. And I'm to be the next school shooter of 2018. My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple of tracer rounds."
He talks about taking Uber to the high school, going upstairs to use his weapon to shoot people in the courtyard below. Law enforcement officials say Cruz tried to shoot from inside the building into the courtyard but was unable to penetrate the school's impact-resistant glass.
The videos provide little insight into a motive for Cruz's February attack on the school in which 17 people died and at least 17 were injured. "I had enough of being told what to do," he says. "I had enough of ... telling me I'm an idiot and a dumbass. In real life, you're all the dumbass."
Prosecutors are likely to present the videos at trial as evidence the attack was premeditated. Cruz's defense lawyers have said he would agree to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. The state attorney says he'll seek the death penalty against Cruz.
Washington: The US Senate has overwhelmingly passed an amendment to strengthen and expand the current sanctions against Russia, sending a “strong” signal to President Vladimir Putin over territorial violation in Crimea, alleged meddling in elections and aggression in Syria.
In a rare moment of bipartisan unity, the Senate voted 97 to two to approve the sanctions, with only Republicans Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky voting against. To take effect, the measure would also have to pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law by President Donald Trump.
The amendment to the underlying Iran sanctions bill maintains and substantially expands sanctions against the government of Russia in response to the violation of the territorial integrity of the Ukraine and Crimea, its brazen cyber-attacks and interference in elections, and its continuing aggression in Syria.
“With overwhelming Senate passage of the Russia sanctions amendment, the US sends a strong signal to President Putin while ensuring the Trump administration has the flexibility it needs,” said Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
“The Russian government continues to violate the sovereignty of Ukraine, aggravate the crisis in Syria, and destabilise democracies around the world. This amendment makes clear that we will not continue to tolerate such actions, and I am glad we are one step closer to passage of our legislation to hold Iran accountable. This amendment is also an important step as we continue its efforts to reassert congressional authority,” Corker said.
Democrats and many Republicans have been pushing for the Senate to adopt a new Russia sanctions measure in response to Russia's interference in the 2016 US elections and after reports the Trump administration is considering easing sanctions on Moscow. “Time and again, the Obama administration abused its executive authority to bypass Congress, and this legislation ensures that Congress — both now and in the future — will be able to weigh in on behalf of the American people,” Corker added.
Well, this reeks.
Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Doug Ford announced on the weekend his decision to appoint Tory candidates for 11 ridings that had yet to choose.
Included in the announcement was Kitchener-Conestoga, which was suddenly made vacant for the Progressive Conservatives two weeks ago (seems longer, doesn't it?) after the party kicked out its MPP for six years, Michael Harris.
Two people had already stepped up for the nomination, but party central ignored them, announcing that another Michael Harris (son of the former premier, no relation of the MPP, and recently a losing candidate for the Tory nomination in Waterloo) would be getting the nod without the need for a local vote on the matter.
This isn't about the suitability of Michael Harris Jr. to become an elected official. He might turn out to be wonderful, for all we know.
But what he hasn't done is earned the job. He hasn't done what almost every other candidate must do, and that's receive the trust of the local party members in the local riding.
Others are speculating about how convenient it is that Michael Harris, MPP, was swept out of the way (using some stale-dated allegations of sexting a woman — who was never his intern, despite what you may read) possibly to make room for the son of a Ford ally, former premier Mike Harris, with whom Doug Ford's father served. All politics is personal, after all.
But I will leave speculation to others. I'll stick to how undemocratic it is of Ford to do this, and how much more difficult it's going to be to vote for him now.
We don't know that much about Ford, especially those of us outside Toronto. But he and his late brother, the former Toronto mayor, had a distinct populist appeal. They built their brand on fighting for the "little guy" who has been disregarded by governing elites. They promoted common-sense decision-making, and listening to ordinary people.
Earlier, Ford blasted the former PC leader, Patrick Brown, for exercising his right to interfere in riding nomination races. Here is what Ford told the online political journal Queen's Park Briefing, in February:
Superheroes and their foes have always been a reflection of real life, and the world of Marvel Comics is certainly no exception. In the wake of recent tragedies, we could all could use a little word of wisdom from the man who invented some of the world's greatest superheroes — but some of us are wishing the company would take their former editor-in-chief's advice.
Taking some time out from cameoing in every Marvel movie under the sun, the 94-year-old comic book legend made a short video for Marvel's YouTube channel, advocating for the need for heroism and the destruction of intolerance and hatred.
Check out Stan Lee's empowering speech below:
The short but rousing video encourages Marvel fans to look beyond race, gender, religion or skin color and rise up to be everyday heroes. Lee also managed to inject a little humor along the way, in true Stan the Man style:
"I just want you to know that Marvel has always been and always will be a reflection of the world right outside your window. That world may change and evolve but the one thing that will never change is the way we tell our stories of heroism. Those stories have room for everyone, regardless of their race, gender, religion or color of their skin. The only things we don't have room for are hatred, intolerance and bigotry. That man next to you — he's your brother. That woman over there — she's your sister. And that kid walking by — hey, who knows, he may have the proportionate strength of a spider! We're all part of one big family — the human family — and we all come together in the body of Marvel. And you! You're part of that family. You're part of the Marvel Universe, that moves ever upwards and onwards to greater glory! In other words, excelsior!"
While video was clearly in response to the tragic Las Vegas shooting, and the white supremacist march in Charlottesville, and its intentions are good, it would be great if Marvel took its own advice and became the beacon of diversity and tolerance that #StanLee believes it is.
Marvel's On-Going Diversity Drama
When it comes to Marvel, it does seem fairly ironic we can have immortal Gods, talking trees and time-traveling super soldiers, yet a black Peter Parker or female Iron Man sends the internet into meltdown. While that is not necessarily Marvel's fault, it has taken them years to finally add the diverse cast of #BlackPanther to their roster of chiseled, white, male #MCU heroes. And even longer to get their first female-led superhero movie — Captain Marvel — into production, despite fans literally begging for Black Widow solo film since day one.
Earlier this year, Marvel's executive producer Nate Moore told Complex that the company was holding back when it came to diversity, wanting to take baby steps to make sure it was done right:
"We want to tell the best stories with the strongest developed characters and scripts that we can. Our biggest concern is that, in trying to get more characters out there, we rush something that's not ready and we deliver something that's not up to our standards. So it's less about us rushing a character that's diverse to get it out quickly and more about figuring out how to do it right."
While this is all well and good, it does seem slightly ridiculous that it's taken until Phase 4 to get a single MCU movie without a white, male lead. Furthermore, drama on the comic book side of things exploded when Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing David Gabriel seemingly complained that diversity was driving down sales:
"What we heard was that people didn't want any more diversity. [...] We saw the sales of any character that was diverse, any character that was new, our female characters, anything that was not a core Marvel character, people were turning their nose up against. That was difficult for us because we had a lot of fresh, new, exciting ideas that we were trying to get out and nothing new really worked."
Kamala Khan [Credit: Marvel Comics]
In response to Gabriel and all the articles written about Marvel's so-called failing "diversity initiative," G. Willow Wilson, the creator of Kamala Khan (a.k.a. Ms Marvel, a Pakistani-American hero from Jersey City who has shapeshifting abilities) spoke out about her problem's with the comments:
"Diversity as a form of performative guilt doesn't work. Let's scrap the word diversity entirely and replace it with authenticity and realism. This is not a new world. This is *the world.*"
And this leads me back to Stan Lee's recent, inspiring video where he explained that superheroes are "a reflection of the world right outside your window," but it's important to remember that that world isn't full of silver surfers and crime-fighting billionaires, but normal people who are being directly affected by the terror and hatred seen in Las Vegas and Charlottesville. This is why it's important to represent all kinds of heroes, and Stan Lee gets that, so let's hope Marvel fans can too.
Which is your favorite Stan Lee cameo? Let us know in the comments!
(Source: Comicbook.com)
Tauranga: An elated India U-19 head coach Rahul Dravid hopes that his World Cup winning wards will have many such lasting memories in the future, adding that the support staff had helped him make the title triumph possible.
"I am really proud of the boys and the effort they put in. Proud of the effort they put in and couldn`t be happier for them. Hopefully, it`s a memory they cherish for a long, long time, but hopefully not the lasting memory and they have many more great moments and bigger things in future," the batting legend said after India outclassed Australia to win their fourth U-19 World Cup.
"I don`t want to mention names, but everyone in the support staff has put in a great effort. We do the best for the kids," Dravid added as the boys in blue celebrated loudly behind him.
Electing to bat first, Australia were dismissed for 216 runs in 47.2 overs. Ishan Porel, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy picked up two wickets each for India.
Opener Manjot Kalra then spearheaded the Indian run chase with an unbeaten century as the Boys in Blue romped to victory with 67 balls to spare.
Kalra remained unbeaten on 101 runs off 102 deliveries while Harvik Desai was not out on 47 at the other end.
"All credit to our support staff, they`ve really been supporting us for the last two years. And full credit to the guys as well. Rahul sir is a legend," India skipper Prithvi Shaw said at the presentation ceremony.
"It was the final, a very crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting really well. And the two pacers, Mavi and Kamlesh, who`ve been excellent throughout the tournament. Thanks for all the support from India. Great memories here. We`re looking forward to going back," he added.
Player of tournament Shubman Gill, who amassed 372 runs in six matches, including a hundred in the semi-final against Pakistan, said coach Dravid always told him to play along the ground and that worked.
He is also hoping to do well in the Indian Premier League where he will play for Kolkata Knight Riders who bought him for Rs 1.8 crore.
"I`m really proud of my team. We were fortunate enough to have Rahul as coach," Gill said.
"He was always telling me to express myself and play along the ground as much as possible. It was a good experience for all of us. It`s been pretty exciting. I hope I`ll do well in the IPL as well."
If you have a nut allergy and you were looking forward to smashing a bag of your favorite cookies from Trader Joe's, read this first: According to the brand, Trader Joe's is recalling some chocolate chip cookies because of peanut allergens found in some of the products. The cookies are on store shelves on a dozen states, according to a statement released by the grocery-store chain: "We have been alerted by our supplier of Trader Joe's Chocolate Chip Cookies (Barcode#: 0068 0752) — sold only in our CT, DE, MA, ME, MD, NH, NJ, NY, PA, RI, Northern VA, VT, and Washington D.C. stores — that product with lot code 2060 and date codes SELL BY 031218 through 031818 may have been packed with Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies, and therefore may contain peanuts, which are not listed in the ingredients," the announcement from Trader Joe's read. (Bustle has reached out to Trader Joe's for comment on this recall.)
While Trader Joe's reported that no reported allergic reactions have been brought to their attention to date, people with peanut allergies could be at risk for life-threatening allergic reactions if they consume the cookies. All of the cookies have been removed from store shelves, but if you bought some in advance of this notice, make sure to check your bag to ensure it's not the one being recalled. The potentially peanut-tainted treats are manufactured by Chris's Cookies, according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
"The recall was initiated after it was discovered that a bag labeled as Trader Joe's Chocolate Chip Cookies instead contained Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookies," the FDA noted on its website. "While there is a warning statement on the label that the product may contain traces of peanuts, peanuts is not listed as an ingredient." Peanut allergies are one of the most common causes of severe allergy attacks, according to the Mayo Clinic. "Peanut allergy symptoms can be life-threatening (anaphylaxis). For some people with peanut allergy, even tiny amounts of peanuts can cause a serious reaction."
Symptoms of an allergic reaction to peanuts include: runny nose, skin reactions like hives, redness or swelling, itching or tingling around the mouth or throat, digestive problems such as diarrhea, stomach cramps, nausea or vomiting, tightening of the throat, and shortness of breath or wheezing. In serious cases anaphylaxis can occur. This type of reaction can cause your airway to constrict, swelling of the throat, shock, rapid pulse, dizziness, lightheadedness, and even loss of consciousness, the Mayo Clinic noted.
"Peanut allergy occurs when your immune system mistakenly identifies peanut proteins as something harmful," the Mayo Clinic explained. "Direct or indirect contact with peanuts causes your immune system to release symptom-causing chemicals into your bloodstream." According to the Peanut Institute, 90 percent of all food allergies are causes by tree nuts (almonds, walnuts, pecans, cashews, pistachios ,etc.), peanuts, milk, eggs, fish, shellfish, wheat, and soy. However, scientists are still studying why so many people are allergic to peanuts.
"The science is not clear as to what causes peanut allergy. Both genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. Family history, occurrence of eczema-type skin rashes, and exposure to soy protein were associated with the development of peanut allergy in childhood in one study," the Peanut Institute reported. "The most current data does not support the theory that if peanuts are eaten during pregnancy or infancy there is a greater chance that the child will end up with the allergy." If you have any questions about your Trader Joe's cookies you can call Trader Joe's Customer Relations at 626-599-3817 Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. Pacific Time, or send an email. "If you purchased any of the Chocolate Chip Cookies with the specified lot and date codes and have a peanut allergy, please do not eat it," Trader Joe's said in its statement. "We urge you to discard the product or return it to any Trader Joe's for a full refund."
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”. Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.” Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
Virginia State Senate Expected To Vote On Medicaid Expansion The Virginia State Senate is voting Wednesday to expand Medicaid to 400,000 low-income residents. This comes after months of fierce political debates between Republicans. The vote could have nationwide implications.
FINALISTS: Madeleine Lipson and Brian Pamphilon in the Bangalow Theatre Company's production of the Little Shop of Horrors.
FINALISTS: Madeleine Lipson and Brian Pamphilon in the Bangalow Theatre Company's production of the Little Shop of Horrors.
MUSICAL theatre shows produced on the Northern Rivers have attracted a number of nominations at this year's Palmie Awards.
The annual Gold Coast Area Theatre Awards, also known as The Palmies, include community theatre productions from the Northern Rivers.
Ballina Players and Bangalow Theatre Company received a number of nominations for their 2017 productions.
The full list of locals nominated as finalists are:
Best Costumes: Deborah Yann, Gale Bishop (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Chicago.
Best Sound Design / Operation: Jackie Reidy (Ballina Players) for Mary Poppins.
Best Technical Achievement or Effect (excluding Lighting and Sound): Will Gammon, Mahdi Manar from Cumulus Visual Effects (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop Of Horrors.
Best Choreographer:
Jaime Sheehan (Ballina Players) for Joseph & The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat and
Anouska Gammon (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Chicago.
Best Vocal Director: Bangalow Theatre Company for Chicago.
Best Musical Director: Margaret Curtis (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop Of Horrors.
Best Director of a Musical or Musical Revue: Kate Foster (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop Of Horrors.
Best Actor in a Supporting Role in a Community Theatre Musical:
Graeme Speed (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop of Horrors and
Brian Pamphilon (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Chicago.
Best Actor in a Leading Role In a Community Theatre Musical: Brian Pamphilon (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop Of Horrors.
Best Actress in a Leading Role In a Community Theatre Musical:
Madeleine Lipson (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Little Shop of Horors.
Julia Keast (Bangalow Theatre Company) for Chicago.
Outstanding Community Theatre Production: Bangalow Theatre Company for Little Shop of Horrors.
The winners will be named at a ceremony held at the Arts Centre Gold Coast today from 6pm.
David Mitcheltree
David Mitcheltree, 69, of Keosauqua died at 8:06 A.M. Tuesday February 14, 2017 at University of Iowa Hospital, Iowa City. Arrangements are pending at Pedrick Funeral Home, Keosauqua.
Facebook has bought Bloomsbury AI, a British company specializing in natural language processing. The Bloomsbury team will join Facebook's London office, where they'll add their skills to the social network's growing artificial intelligence division.
"The Bloomsbury team has built a leading expertise in machine reading and understanding unstructured documents in natural language in order to answer any question," Facebook said in a statement on its Academics page.
"Their expertise will strengthen Facebook's efforts in natural language processing research, and help us further understand natural language and its applications."
Why AI?
Facebook has a division called Facebook AI Research (FAIR) dedicated to the lofty goal of 'solving AI' – essentially bringing about the Singularity – but its purchase of Bloomsbury is probably more about solving a specific problem.
TechCrunch suggests that Facebook bought the company to help identify fake news, but Bloomsbury's area of expertise – AI that reads text documents and answers based on their contents – suggests that chatbots are more likely to be the reason Mark Zuckerberg opened his wallet.
Facebook unveiled chatbots for Messenger in 2016, as a way for people to communicate more easily with businesses, and by the end of the year 34,000 bots were chatting away with customers.
Last year the company released a framework called ParlAI (parley, get it?) to help developers improve their chatbots' verbal skills, helping make those thousands of bots' replies faster and less robotic.
It also conducted an infamous experiment that involved two chatbots speaking to one another. After a while, their conversations evolved into something that looked nonsensical to human observers but were actually a more efficient evolution of English.
"I can can I I everything else," said one bot. "Balls have zero to me to me to me to me to," replied the other.
Facebook rebooted the system and started afresh – not because the bots were colluding to take over the world, but because the researchers simply weren't interested in the direction the study had taken.
Bloomsbury's technology could help bots read websites, brochures and other documents, and answer questions based on what they've learned quickly and, most importantly, in a way that makes sense.
President Trump is trying to put more muscle into his campaign slogan of "Buy American and Hire American" and is preparing to sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at strengthening existing government policies to support domestic products and workers.
Trump is expected to sign the order during a visit to the Snap-on tool company in Kenosha, Wis.
"The capability of the American middle class to make things and keep them running has been at the base of our nation's strength since its founding," Snap-on CEO Nicholas T. Pinchuk said in a statement. "We believe the President's visit emphasizes the need to nurture such manufacturing strength."
The "Buy American" portion of the executive order calls for stricter enforcement of laws requiring the federal government to buy American-made products when possible. Administration officials complain that those laws have been watered down over the years and often are sidestepped with government waivers.
"Buy American" provisions also may run afoul of free trade agreements, though the White House wants to conduct a full review before seeking adjustments to those trade agreements.
The "Hire American" part of the order aims to crack down on what the administration calls "abuses" of government guest-worker programs. The biggest target is the H-1B visa program, which is designed to help technology firms fill jobs requiring special skills but which critics say often is used to replace American workers with lower-paid foreign competitors.
"The H-1B visa program is commonly discussed as being for when employers have a labor shortage," said Daniel Costa, director of immigration law and policy research at the Economic Policy Institute. "The reality of it is that employers are not required to recruit and try to hire U.S. workers before they hire an H-1B worker."
The government issues 85,000 H-1B visas annually. In recent years, many of those visas have been snapped up by outsourcing firms that offer low-cost IT support to American corporations.
"A very big share of the visas are actually going to IT outsourcing companies," Costa said. "We do know that many of the companies that have this business model are the ones that are paying the lowest wages to H-1Bs."
The executive order calls on the departments of Commerce, Labor, Homeland Security and State to more strictly police the visa program. It also proposes changes, such as awarding H-1B visas to guest workers with the best skills and highest potential wages, rather than through a random lottery as is done now.
"The latest data that I've seen showed that 80 percent of the H-1Bs who were coming in came in below the local average wage," Costa said.
Some of the changes the White House wants would require cooperation from lawmakers.
"There are some things that the Trump administration could do at the margins that might help clean up some of the worst abuses in the program," Costa said, but "legislation is going to be required to really fix the program."
Although H-1Bs are the main focus of the order, other guest worker programs could also come under scrutiny.
The president himself has relied on guest workers with a different kind of visa — H-2B — to help staff his Mar-a-Lago resort, according to the Palm Beach Post. During the campaign Trump defended his use of foreign workers, saying it's difficult to find Americans willing to accept seasonal employment.
Raise your glasses high, because the Sexy Unique Reunion is nigh. Over the weekend, Andy Cohen met up with your favorite Sexy Unique Superstars in Los Angeles to film the Vanderpump Rules Season 6 reunion. Care to feast your eyes upon some reunion pic-SURs and a seating chart? Tell your eyeballs to grab a knife and fork, because that piping hot dish is coming right up.
The Bravo reunion seating chart, as any Bravoholic knows, is not a thing to be taken lightly. In 2014 episode of Bravo's Ask Andy web series, Cohen confirmed that there is a method to the Real Housewives reunion seat assignment madness. He said,
"Usually, we put two women next to me who had big stories that year or who have a lot to say or who are in, you know, any kind of conflict with each other and have a lot going on and we're going to be coming to them during the show. We talk about it a lot. We tinker with it a lot. And it's one of my favorite conversations, by the way."
And thanks to Bravo's The Daily Dish, the Pump Rules Season 6 chart is now available. As is Bravo reunion tradition, Cohen is at the apex of the flying V formation. To his left is Lisa Vanderpump, Jax Taylor, Brittany Cartwright, Scheana Shay, Tom Sandoval, and Ariana Madix. And on his right is Lala Kent, Stassi Schroeder, James Kennedy, Tom Schwartz, Katie Maloney, and Kristen Doute.
In the words of Scheana's oft-referenced forearm tattoo, it's all happening: Lala is in one of the two seats closet to Cohen. This is huge. The Season 6 seating chart basically confirms the thing that Lala fans *raises hand* have been screaming from the rooftops for years: She is a bona fide star.
And to think, just last season, Lala all but left the show for good. Thankfully, her departure was only but a blip. Could you imagine Season 6 without her? Could you imagine a world in which “It's not about the pasta” never happened? Or a world in which we didn't get to watch Lala deliver that unparalleled monologue on body positivity? Or a world in which we didn't get a story arc in which she befriends Katie, Kristen, and Stassi? Season 6 has been beyond fantastic, and Lala is one of the reasons why.
So, we know where everyone's sitting, but where are they sitting? *Stares at photos and channels internet detective Kristen Doute.* At first glance, it kind of looks like the Pump reunion is finally back at LVP's eatery; the cast seems to be nestled in the warm and familiar glow of the restaurant's fuchsia lighting. But that is not the case.
It appears as though they filmed the post-season special in a venue that has something SUR does not: a flight of stairs. Also? According to Cohen's geotag, they taped the reunion in Van Nuys, which is about an hour away from SUR. The verdict: Much like the Season 5 reunion, the Season 6 reunion does not take place at the restaurant.
Two days after the taping, Kristen posted a photo on Instagram and dubbed the Season 6 reunion "the longest f*cking reunion in history." Considering how brilliantly bonkers this season has been, this feels right. Heck, if Faith Stowers appears on the reunion and speaks her piece, that segment could take an entire episode, and her and Jax's hookup is just one of the many storylines that rocked the season to its core.
What with the Jax cheating scandal, the Schwartz cheating scandal, the James and Lala drama, the Tom Tom saga, the Big Bear trip, the Las Vegas trip, Scheana's relationship, “Call me Jason,” and so on, the season has already given us lot of stuff to unpack — and we're only halfway through Season 6.
As if the Season 6 episodes didn't provide the reunion with more than enough material, there is a ton of present-day Pump stuffs to address, too. There's speculation regarding Jax and Brittany possibly being engaged. Stassi has a new boyfriend. Tom Tom is apparently still in the works. Scheana is doing a show in Las Vegas. Lala and James may not be friends anymore. And we're only scratching the SUR-face.
Like mini bottles of booze at Jax and Brittany's housewarming party, the list of possible Pump Rules Season 6 reunion topics cannot stop flowing. Here's hoping Bravo takes all of Saturday's undoubtedly glorious footage and turns it into a seven-part reunion special.
WEST BROMWICH, England — Southampton moved out of the relegation zone and left West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble in last place in the English Premier League by winning 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton in the final five minutes of the first half after Ahmed Hegazi's opener.
James Ward-Prowse sealed a 3-2 victory with a free kick in the second half, then Salomon Rondon pulled a goal back with a header in the 72nd minute.
But West Brom couldn't level and is four points from safety, while Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone.
President Trump bowed to overwhelming pressure that he personally condemn white supremacists who incited bloody demonstrations in Charlottesville over the weekend — labeling their racists views “evil” after two days of equivocal statements, the New York Times reports.
Said Trump: “Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Manchester United make Lindelof first close-season signing
Jose Mourinho has made Victor Lindelof his first Manchester United signing ahead of the 2017-18 season.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 23:36 IST
Victor Lindelof
Manchester United have completed the signing of defender Victor Lindelof from Benfica for an initial fee of €35million.
Lindelof, 22, has signed a four-year contract at Old Trafford, with the option of an additional year, and the move could eventually reach a value of €45m if performance-related add-ons are activated.
The centre-back underwent a medical with United on Wednesday and the Premier League club finalised the deal promptly, meaning Lindelof can prepare to make his debut on United's summer tour of the USA next month.
"I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United. I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there," the Sweden international said.
"But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho. I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
.@VLindelof: "I'm thrilled to join United. I'm keen to get started and contribute to the team's efforts to win more trophies." #HejVictor pic.twitter.com/FoC6IuUWwj — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 14, 2017
Lindelof becomes Jose Mourinho's first signing ahead of the 2017-18 season as United look to mount a title challenge.
"Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United," Mourinho said. "Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer.
"I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
Lindelof joined Benfica from Vasteras SK in 2012, initially representing the B team before making his first-team debut in October 2013.
He became a regular from midway through the 2015-16 season, before playing 32 of 34 Primeira Liga matches in 2016-17 as Benfica won a fourth consecutive Portuguese title.
A senior Sweden debut arrived in March of last year and he went on to represent the country at Euro 2016, starting all three matches.
The boss has his say on our first summer signing... #HejVictor pic.twitter.com/CEpVDADVE2 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 14, 2017
Lindelof, who was first linked with United midway through last season, will compete with the likes of Eric Bailly, Daley Blind, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Chris Smalling for a starting spot in defence.
He becomes the most expensive defender in United history, outstripping the £29.1m paid to Leeds United for Rio Ferdinand in 2002.
United are also said to be keen on a move for Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata, with a host of other high-profile targets being linked with transfers.
Mourinho won the EFL Cup and Europa League in his first season, ensuring qualification for the Champions League, but his debut campaign was marred by poor Premier League form, with United finishing in sixth position.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Avengers: Infinity War is putting the super into superhero with not just one costumed character saving the day but more than 20.
For fans, it is a landmark event as faves from across the 18 films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe team up for the first time.
Infinity War has been a decade in the making and ever since Disney-owned Marvel released its first film, Iron Man, in 2008 each of its films and TV shows has been building up to this story.
Finally, Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Captain America, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Black Panther, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man and Ant-Man will battle Thanos.
Ahead of Infinity War opening tomorrow, box office experts predict it will smash records set by Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Odeon will show it 4,000 times in the first four days after selling a ticket every 10 seconds when pre-bookings opened.
Yet some fans are wondering: has the golden age of superheroes hit its zenith?
In 2007, there were just three superhero films.
(Image: Marvel 2016)
(Image: null)
This year there will be at least nine and next year at least 10.
Marvel made £10billion at the box office in a decade, topping Star Wars and Bond to become the biggest-earning franchise of all time. Rival DC, which has Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman, made £6.74billion.
And then there's merchandising and the superhero TV boom.
Marvel has 11 shows, including Netflix's Jessica Jones and C4's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., with two more due this year and five in development. DC has 10, four upcoming and 11 in development.
So why our sudden obsession with superheroes? And will the bubble burst just as fast?
James Cameron, who made the two biggest films of all time, Avatar and Titanic, feels enough is enough. “I'm hoping we'll start getting Avenger fatigue here pretty soon,” he said.
“There are other stories to tell besides hypergonadal males without families doing death-defying things for two hours.”
But Empire magazine's Chris Hewitt feels the explosion of comic book films in the noughties, starting with X-Men and the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man series, is easily explained.
(Image: WENN.com)
He says: “One reason is special effects. The Superman and Batman films of the 70s, 80s and 90s had terrible effects. But finally, they have caught up and we're able to put these stories on the big screen.
“They also appeal across the generations. It's the golden age of comic book movies. There are stinkers but there are also incredible films that are fun, entertaining and have something to say about the world.
“And there a subgenre within superheroes, some are comedies, some thrillers. Marvel's given us 40 hours of interlinked movies, which culminate in this one.
"That has never been done. How long are they going to last? As long as the movies are good. We'll probably be talking about Avengers 47 years from now.”
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: WireImage)
Will Brooker, professor of film and cultural studies at Kingston University and author of several Batman studies, says the surge in the noughties was a reaction to 9/11 and now these heroes are a way to deal with a world blighted by terrorism, Trump and strife with Russia and North Korea.
Prof Brooker says: “There's something reassuring about seeing these larger than life figures who can solve the world's problems and imagining how great it would be if they were able to.”
The idea goes back to comic book roots. Superman debuted in Action Comics in 1938, becoming a huge figure during the Second World War and was shown fighting a Nazi in 1941.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: 2011 MVLFFLLC)
The same year, Timely, which became Marvel, had Captain America punching Hitler. Iron Man arrived in 1963 at the height of the Cold War, in the year of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Prof Brooker says: “Things go in and out of fashion. We get one or two Westerns a year now. Yet there was a time when westerns and war films used to dominate.
“One of the reasons comic book films appeal to all ages is the superhero movie is the new Western. They are about the same thing – what does it mean to be a hero? And will you join a team or be a loner?”
Well, with a cast of 30 A-list names, what superhero fan wouldn't join Team Avengers?
This column is by Leading Business and Data Expert, Bernard Marr
In today's data-filled world, analytics is an essential part of staying competitive. Financial analytics help businesses understand current and past performance, predict future performance and make smarter decisions. Let's look at some of the key financial analytics that any business, regardless of size, should be using.
Predictive sales analytics
Sales revenue is the lifeblood of any business so knowing how much you can expect to receive has important tactical and strategic implications. Predictive sales analytics involves figuring out how successful your sales forecast is and improving your sales predictions in the future. There are many ways to predict sales, such as looking for trends in past data or using predictive techniques like correlation analysis.
Predictive sales analytics is an extremely useful tool for planning and peace of mind, helping you manage the peaks and troughs of your business. For example, many businesses experience more and less sales at certain times of the year. If you know that year on year you make fewer sales in July then you can encourage staff to take holiday then and stay calm when sales drop in that period.
Tip: Predicting future sales is always helped by detailed and thorough sales data from the past so keep accurate records.
Customer profitability analytics
It's important to differentiate between the customers that make you money and the customers that lose you money. Customer profitability usually falls within the 80/20 rule, whereby 20% of your customers account for 80% of your profit, and 20% of your customers account for 80% of your customer-related costs. Knowing which is important.
By understanding the profitability of certain groups of customers you can also analyse each group and extract useful insights. For example, you may discover that your very best customers made their first purchase from a particular advertisement in a particular magazine. That knowledge can help direct your future marketing efforts
Tip: The biggest danger with customer profitability analytics is when you don't analyse a customer's full lifetime value. It's important to focus on a customer's cumulative value to your business.
Product profitability analytics
In order to stay competitive, businesses need to know where money is being made and lost. Product profitability analytics is a way of discovering profitability by individual product, rather than looking at the business as a whole. To do this you need to assess each product and its costs individually. Admittedly, this can be tricky because your products may well share production processes or cost bases. Therefore, you need to find a reliable and fair way to apportion costs to your various products.
Product profitability analytics helps businesses uncover profitability insights across the product range so better decisions are made and profit is protected and grown over time. For example, if you discover that one product makes more profit than all the others then you may want to promote that product more heavily.
Tip: Watch out for loss leaders. Some products may lose you money but their purchase leads on to more profitable purchases (think of a razor and the expensive replacement blades).
Cash flow analytics
The day-to-day running of a business requires a certain amount of cash to keep the lights on, wages paid, etc. Knowing how money is moving in and out of your business is essential for gauging the health of your business. Cash flow analytics involves using retrospective or real-time indicators such as the Cash Conversion Cycle and Working Capital Ratio. You can also use tools like regression analysis to predict future cash flow.
On top of helping you manage cash flow and making sure you have enough cash to keep the cogs turning, cash flow analytics can also support a variety of corporate functions. For example, analytic software can help accounts receivable personnel to increase cash flow by prioritising which customers are contacted by collection staff and when.
Tip: When trying to predict future cash flow based on past data, it's important to ensure you are making the right assumptions. Scenario analysis can help with this.
Value driver analytics
Most businesses have a sense of where they are heading and what they are trying to achieve. Often these goals are formalized on a strategy map that identifies the value drivers in the business. These value drivers are the key levers that the business needs to pull in order to meet its strategic objectives. Value driver analytics is the assessment of these levers to ensure they actually deliver the expected outcome.
Value drivers are often based on assumptions which need to be tested to check they are correct. For example, you may use price as one of your value drivers and assume that price influences sales and revenue, but you need to test that hypothesis so you can establish if you are right or not.
Tip: You must properly identify your value drivers and be really clear about what it is you are trying to achieve strategically.
Shareholder value analytics
The results and interpretation of the results by investors, analysts and the media will determine how successful your business is on the stock market. Shareholder value analytics is a calculation of the value of a company made by looking at the returns the business provides to its shareholders. It effectively measures the financial consequences of strategy and assesses how much value the business's strategy is actually delivering to the shareholders.
Shareholder value analytics should be used frequently alongside profit and revenue analytics. To measure shareholder value analytics, you can use a metric called Economic Value Added (EVA). This calculates the profit of a business when the cost of equity finance has been removed.
Tip: This metric needs to be tempered with additional customer-based analysis to ensure that the shareholder value is not occurring at the expense of customer value.
As always, let me know your thoughts on the topic, please share them in the comments below.
Disclaimer: This is a curated post. The statements, opinions and data contained in this column are solely those of the individual authors and contributors and not of iamwire or its editor(s). This article in its original form was published here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
NANTICOKE — A woman went missing Monday in Nanticoke, state police in Dunmore said.
Kathryn Condry, 58, a patient at Clarks Summit State Hospital, ran away from workers while at a treatment visit. She was last seen on Broad Street in Nanticoke at about 4 p.m.
Condry is 5 feet 5 inches tall, between 160-170 pounds, and was wearing dark pants, a blue or green jacket and carrying a white purse.
Anyone with information about her location should call state police at 570-963-3156.
— CLAYTON OVER
London's Parliament Square has just received a new statue — and unlike the rest of the statues gracing that venerable public space, the new statue isn't a man. Now you'll need to know who Millicent Fawcett was, as London just added her statue to one of the city's most prominent areas.
According to the BBC, Fawcett was born in 1847 and spent much of her life campaigning to give women the right to vote. She began working toward that goal at only 19, but British women weren't granted that right on the same level as men until 1928 — only a year before Fawcett died at age 82. Biography Online wrote that as a leader of the suffragist movement, Fawcett was always a major proponent of non-violent resistance. She was the president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies (NUWSS) from 1890 until 1919 — one year after women were able to begin voting on a limited basis.
While probably the most famous British proponent for women's right to vote was Emmeline Pankhurst, Pankhurst was much more radical and militant in her politics than Fawcett was. The two women's philosophies — Fawcett's suffragist movement committed to non-violence and Pankhurst's suffragette movement willing to resort to violence when they deemed it necessary — marked what Biography Online described as a major divide in the women's rights movement of the time.
"I cannot say I became a suffragist," Fawcett wrote, long after she had become involved in the movement, in an NUWSS publication. "I always was one, from the time I was old enough to think at all about the principles of Representative Government."
Dan Kitwood/Getty Images News/Getty Images
The Evening Standard wrote that Fawcett was born into a fairly well-off family that supported her education and nourished an interest in politics amongst their children. Her sister Elizabeth Garrett Anderson also became a notable figure in feminist history as the first female doctor in the United Kingdom, according to Biography Online. Fawcett married a man who was a women's rights activist, and together the two of them worked to push Oxford University to accept women. She also co-founded Newnham College, one of Cambridge's first colleges to accept women, according to the Newnham College website.
As if getting the right to vote for women weren't enough, Fawcett also worked for other humanitarian causes. A London School of Economics blog described how Fawcett went with a group of female activists to South Africa to investigate and document the deplorable treatment of Boer inhabitants of South Africa by British troops during the Second Boer War — and they then worked to end it. Biography Online then explains that she and the NUWSS only supported World War I after great consideration as to whether something could be done to avoid it. Her statue is holding a sign that says "Courage calls to courage everywhere," which was one of her more famous quotes, according to Harper's Bazaar.
London commissioned sculptor Gillian Wearing to create Fawcett's likeness, so the statue won't only be the first statue of a woman in Parliament Square — it's also the first statue created by a woman in Parliament Square. “Millicent Fawcett was an incredible woman and by honouring her in Parliament Square I believe she will continue to inspire generations to come,” Wearing told the Guardian.
The effort to get some female representation into Parliament Square began in 2016, when London activist Caroline Criado Perez noticed during a run through the square that she had only run past male statues. “Why on earth? I can't live in a world where such stupidity continues," she told the Guardian at the time. And as it happens, she'd had some experience increasing the prominence of important female figures. Previously, Criado Perez, ran a successful campaign to get Jane Austen onto the 10 pound bill.
Another figure who came out strongly behind the statue was London mayor Sadiq Khan, who spoke at the statue's unveiling. "When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realise that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
Now, one of Britain's great women has finally received some very public recognition for her achievements on behalf of women everywhere.
For most teams, the numbers would warrant erecting a statue outside the stadium he helped fund and that will happen Saturday. Of course, Manning did more than win on the field: He helped this basketball-crazed state and a city known far and wide for the Indianapolis 500 embrace football.
"Inside the stadium in those early days, it was hit or miss whether or not the other team was going to have as many fans as you did," said former deputy mayor Steve Campbell, a longtime season-ticket holder who starts a new job with the Colts on Monday. "Two, maybe three years in, inside the stadium, outside the stadium at tailgate areas, that was the moment I think the Colts truly became solidified as Indianapolis' team and not just the team that came from Baltimore. He was not only an ambassador for the team and the NFL, he was an ambassador for the city."
It wasn't a coincidence.
The Louisiana-born kid who grew up a fan of his dad's team, the New Orleans Saints, and played four seasons of college football at Tennessee felt so at home in the small market of Indianapolis that he warned Polian if he didn't draft him No. 1 overall in 1998, he'd kick the Colts' butts for 15 years.
Manning's football talent was obvious. Polian's research also indicated he would be an even bigger hit in the community.
Winning and winning big came in time. Manning made an even bigger impact with casual or non-football fans with what he did outside the team complex.
He started the Peyback Foundation to help underprivileged children and left town with his name on a children's hospital. He made Indianapolis a chic destination for celebrities and their memorabilia. He hosted high school football games at Lucas Oil Stadium and left handwritten notes for people he wanted to thank or who simply needed a pickup.
It wasn't an act, and it paid dividends in ways Manning may still not completely understand..
"When Peyton was drafted, he wouldn't accept losing," Greenwood High School assistant coach Dom Battinau said. "You see these kids now who are winning because of Peyton. You see the metropolitan Indianapolis area was ranked third in high school football talent last year and I think the interest was created from him, from his excitement on the field, his leadership, the way he carried himself and the fact he did it the right way. I think kids kind of take a look at what's cool and what's in, and to see this guy winning at a high level and doing it the right way, it was a draw."
And something everyone turned into some semblance of currency.
When team owner Jim Irsay asked city and state leaders to help build a new stadium to keep the Colts competitive, Irsay and Polian did the heavy politicking. Their trump card, though, always was Manning.
"I still think we would have pursued it because it was the right thing to do for the city," Campbell said before contemplating what would have happened without Manning. "Our strategy probably would have been a lot different. But I think having an ambassador like Peyton was just what we needed, and I have no idea how it would have turned out without him."
Manning was released by the Colts in March 2012 and signed with Denver where he continued breaking records for four more years.
But he was never far from the hearts of Indy fans. When he returned to Lucas Oil Stadium for the first time in October 2013, the Marino jerseys had been replaced by a sea of No. 18s — some in blue, some in orange, some in both and Manning received a standing ovation before the game started.
Almost 20 years after first joining the Colts, Manning remains one of the rarest athletes of his generation — a transformational figure Polian compared to the likes of Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Duke Snider and Frank Gifford.
"They became transcendent athletes, they become identified far more with the community than the team. I'm not sure we've had anyone in Indianapolis who was that way before," Polian said. "He (Manning) wanted to be not only Indy's quarterback but one of its most productive and giving citizens. It's ironic with all the records he set, first ballot Hall of Famer and two Super Bowl championships, the Peyback Foundation, the children's hospital and the revitalization of high school football in Indianapolis are far more important."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
The Blitzboks will take a unique approach to two of their biggest tournaments of the season by splitting the squad for the next round of the World Sevens Series and for the Commonwealth Games.
Hong Kong‚ the most sought after title on the annual World Series‚ is the next tournament on the schedule but it comes a week before the Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast‚ Australia.
The Blitzboks have never won in Hong Kong and breaking their duck will be tougher considering the squad will be staffed by inexperienced players.
But in a season that also includes the Sevens World Cup in July‚ sacrifices have had to be made.
A slew of injuries has thinned the squad considerably and as a result the original plan to include some heavyweights for Hong Kong has been re-evaluated.
Springbok Sevens coach Neil Powell opted for a two-phase approach‚ resulting in two different squads preparing for the separate events.
SA Rugby Sevens Academy coach Marius Schoeman‚ will take charge in Asia with a number of uncapped players earning an opportunity to represent the Blitzboks for the first time in Hong Kong.
Powell will remain in SA and prepare the squad that will travel to the Gold Coast as part of Team South Africa.
Powell will be able to count on players such as Justin Geduld‚ Werner Kok‚ Rosko Specman and Ruhan Nel in the bid to retain Commonwealth Gold‚ as they are all in the final phase of recovering from injury.
The team will though be without Kwagga Smith (Super Rugby) and Seabelo Senatla (injured) for the Australian trip.
"We looked at the schedule and the demands and decided to go for this approach‚” said Powell.
“It was not feasible for us to have the same squad playing at both events‚ as we had too many injuries to leading players and need more time for them to be integrated back into the squad.
“One of our objectives was to broaden our base of talented youngsters by giving them playing time on the circuit and this is just such an opportunity.
"I was very pleased with the way a number of youngsters performed in Vancouver‚ so this is another chance for them to gain experience and establish themselves."
The Blitzboks will face South Korea‚ Scotland and England in Pool C in Hong Kong.
Schoeman will name his team to travel to the Cathay Pacific/HSBC Hong Kong Sevens on March 29.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sven Goran Eriksson says England will fear another Iceland disaster when they face Sweden in their World Cup showdown.
Eriksson even believes England would have a better chance of beating favourites Brazil than they do defeat his homeland in Saturday's quarter-final.
The former Three Lions boss claims Gareth Southgate's Colombia penalty shootout heroes are in for an even harder game at the weekend, and that Sweden are capable of repeating fellow Scandinavians Iceland's shock 2-1 victory at the Euros two years ago.
Eriksson said: “England have a great chance to make a World Cup semi-final. But, if anyone in the squad thinks they have an easy game on Saturday, they're wrong.
“It'll be the most difficult game they'll have played so far, they can bet on that.
(Image: Reuters)
“It would be easier for England to beat Brazil than to beat Sweden, in my opinion. Sweden today are a very hard team to break down. Their strikers are defenders when it's time to defend, and they can defend in their own box as well.
“Sweden will be more or less the same as Iceland in Euro 2016 — they don't have the best footballers in the world, and none of our players would play in the first team of the biggest clubs in the world since Zlatan (Ibrahimovic) has left. But, as a team, the way they work together, they are one of the best.
“You won't find a better team — Sweden are world champions of team spirit.”
Eriksson was in charge of England's Golden Generation, and the likes of Frank Lampard, Steven Gerrard and Paul Scholes struggled when they faced the Swedes.
The nations have played one another 24 times in total, England just edge it with nine wins, Sweden have eight and the rest ended in draws.
(Image: Getty)
But they have developed a remarkable rivalry in recent years, with Eriksson meeting his homeland four times during his five-and-a-half years in charge of England and not managing to them once.
He insists that, despite Harry Kane leading the tournament's Golden Boot race with six goals, Sweden will not fear him and feels the match will be so tight that it could be penalties for the second match running for the Three Lions.
Eriksson added: “Harry Kane will be a tougher challenge than they're used to, but Sweden won't be impressed by Kane – or whoever is in the England team. Not at all.
“Kane can be a match-winner. They have speed in Vardy ( if he is fit after his groin strain), even if not the most technical player, and Sterling. They have speed in Rashford, who is dynamite. They are very good at counter-attacks but won't get many chances of that against Sweden.
“They [Sweden] will not change anything. They'll be 4-4-2, organised, let England have the ball, no problem. They'll wait.
(Image: Reuters)
“Sweden are so difficult to break down. They are very solid and really tough. If you woke them up in the middle of the night, they would know every position in defending – any possibility in the game, they know what to do.
“I can see a draw and extra-time. England have set-pieces, Sweden will make some chances, but the game will come down to luck – the team that makes the most of their luck will win. It will be very tight.
“Many teams have tried to break down Sweden. Italy couldn't score in 180 minutes in the qualifying play-offs. Germany struggled in the group stage and needed Toni Kroos' free-kick to save them. Switzerland could have played for a week and still not scored against Sweden.
“The defence is a great strength. Especially from set-pieces. Sweden is a tall team at the back and very well organised.
“Both teams will have the problem of scoring. It's a good thing that England are scoring from corners, penalties and free-kicks, and they look very dangerous from these all the time.
“The important thing is that England went through on penalties for once. That'll be great for their confidence going on in the tournament.
“Everyone gets worried when a game goes to penalties, and with the record England has in competitions, it's huge in England that they've managed to win the shootout here.
“Of course, penalties are a special issue in games like this. I don't know how much difference winning the Colombia shootout will make when they play the next game, but it's great for confidence because of England's history.
“My brain says England, though my heart says Sweden.”
* Sven-Goran Eriksson was speaking exclusively to Paddy Power News.
To read more, visit news.paddypower.com
Community volunteers and family caregivers give countless hours of their time for the benefit of nonprofit organizations and the public. Isn't it time our government show their appreciation of that "gift" by giving a tax savings to these people? Volunteer time recorded by the organization could be given a specific contribution value similar to the way travel kilometres driven by businessmen are justified.
Caregivers belonging to an association referred to by their doctors could be granted a percentage tax break on family earnings.
Volunteers are an integral part of a thriving community and their time surely deserves to be rewarded, as well as recognized.
As we move into another four day week for us in London, we can think ahead to the weekend sooner than normal. The RA has a late night on Saturday themed around the American Dream, and Sunday has a family day packed full of activities at The Japanese House exhibition. If you find some spare time before then, make sure to catch the Fear and Love exhibition at the Design Museum, and The Geffrye Museum's Teenage Bedrooms, before they close next week.
Check back regularly to keep up to date with London's latest happenings and our weekly recommendations!
Image: Barbican Centre
The Japanese House - Family Day | 23 April
The Barbican Centre's The Japanese House Architecture and Life after 1945 exhibition continues to pull in crowds, with its 1:1 scale models and examples of design. This 'family day' allows grown ups and children alike to get creative with design and the concept of home. Activities range from working on masterplans with concrete shapes, to creating a take-away living home model with seeds embedded to sprout at a later date.
Image: Museum of Architecture
How do architects design for diversity? | 24 April
Continuing the Museum of Architecture's exploration of the relationship between the built environment and politics, this talk focuses on the issues surrounding inclusive design. From accommodating all social groups, to preserving local culture within large regeneration projects, this talk promises to examine the ways in which designers must react to these issues in their designs.
Speakers: Irene Craik, director of Levitt Bernstein, Manisha Patel, partner at PRP, and Pooja Agrawal, Senior Project Officer, GLA Regeneration.
Image: Sarah Hyndman
How to Draw Type and Influence People | 21 April
Sarah Hyndman's new book How to Draw Type and Influence People: An Activity Book is an exploration of how typography can shape and influence our opinions and perceptions of our environment. This evening book launch will be formed of interactive workshops which explore how typeface and graphic design can affect our assumptions formed of food from its packaging.
Image: Edward Hopper, Gas, 1940. Digital image, The Museum of Modern Art, New York/Scala, Florence.
RA Lates: America Dreaming | 22 April
This Saturday night is the latest in the 'RA Lates' series; America Dreaming. This event will explore and celebrate the 'myth' of the American Dream, from Hollywood's Golden Age to the Dust Bowl, contrasting the harsh realities of rural American life to the glamour of film starlets, during the Great Depression. The night gives a unique and fun opportunity to see the America after the Fall exhibition; the dress code for the evening is 'All American Vintage', so expect to see fellow visitors dressed as anything from prairie farmers to Hollywood Starlet.
Also, book now:
New London Vernacular/Urban Qualities | 26 April
Academics, practice directors, and sociologists join forces to explore the challenges faced by designers of our urban landscape, and examine the alternatives to London's real-estate led urban development model.
This free event starts at 2pm, and is packed with panel talks, lectures, exhibitions, and a drinks reception to finish. This is definitely one to book your ticket in advance for (and to book a half-day off of work…)
Find more events in London here.
Also keep track of our weekly event picks for New York City, Los Angeles, and Chicago.
Have an event you want to submit? Send it to Bustler for review here.
Chilli Week is on June 4-10 at Northbridge Brewing Co and Whitfords Brewing Co, with chefs using some of the world's hottest chillies to warm diners up this winter.
The MassLive Athlete of the Week program runs each week through the end of the spring season in June. Each week, the MassLive sports staff determines five nominees based on their performances and releases those names for a reader poll on Monday.
Voting will take place until Wednesday at 3:45 p.m., when the winner will be announced. Winners will then be allowed to take over the MassLiveHS Instagram later in the week and be honored at a catered party at the end of each season.
We rotate between boys and girls each week and winners cannot be nominated a second time that school year.
Click here for full Athlete of the Week coverage.
**
Alex Beauchemin, Westfield hockey -- Senior helped the Bombers win their third straight WMass D-III championship, scoring in overtime to lift Westfield past Longmeadow in the regional title game. Finished with 18 points this season.
Cesar Alvan, Ludlow wrestling -- Sophomore closed out his season with a fourth-place finish (132 pounds) at the New England Wrestling Championships. Posted his 100th career win back on Jan. 3.
Garrett Cote, Pioneer Valley basketball -- Junior guard helped the Panthers clinch their first WMass title since 2000, hitting a buzzer-beater 3-pointer against Drury in the D-IV semifinals before helping Pioneer Valley defeat Hopkins in the D-IV title game.
Jon Tavella, Pope Francis hockey -- Junior forward was a force in the Super 8 tournament for the Cardinals, tallying 10 points (four goals, six assists) over seven postseason games. Finished the season with 40 points.
Sopie Pek, Easthampton basketball -- Senior guard played a key role in the Eagles' run to the State D-III title game, scoring a team-high 24 points in a semifinal win over Sutton on March 14. Averaged 16 points per game this season.
Canadian singer Shania Twain recently landed herself in hot water after she said would've voted for Donald Trump in 2016. Twain has since apologized for her remarks, claiming they were taken out of context, but others feel she should've stuck to her guns. Celebrities are celebrated for bashing Trump, why can't they express support for Trump? From Roseanne Barr to Ted Nugent, many feel the public has an unfair double-standard when it comes to Trump-supporting celebs. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
Shania Twain landed herself in hot water after she said she would've voted for Trump in 2016. The Canadian singer has since apologized for her comments, claiming the question caught her off guard.
I would like to apologise to anybody I have offended in a recent interview with the Guardian relating to the American President. The question caught me off guard. As a Canadian, I regret answering this unexpected question without giving my response more context (1/4) -- Shania Twain (@ShaniaTwain) April 22, 2018
Many feel the backlash against Twain was unfair. Celebrities are applauded when they attack the president, why should Trump-supporting celebrities be held to a different standard?
Even stupider than Shania Twain apologizing for something she didn't do, are the rabid leftists who won't forgive her (even after an apology) for the thing that never actually happened -- Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) April 23, 2018
That @ShaniaTwain would think she needed to apologize for a vote she never cast for @realDonaldTrump is a sad commentary on today's political incivility -- Michael Smerconish (@smerconish) April 23, 2018
But others feel Trump-supporting celebrities should be shamed. To them, Trump is a bigot who poses a unique threat to American democracy. It's not a matter of differing political opinion, it's about a person's moral character.
Ya know, the whole Shania Twain thing is a recurrent theme. It's not that poorly educated white people like Twain didn't see Trump's vile bigotry. They think every white person feels that way and therefore saying it out loud is "honest". -- The Hoarse Whisperer (@HoarseWisperer) April 23, 2018
I hate using the Hitler card, but it will make sense in the end. If Hitler said Jews are rapists and murderers, then according to Shania Twain, she would have voted for him because he was being honest with the German people. See how what she said is very problematic? -- Ethan From Houston (@EthanObama) April 23, 2018
But while Hollywood may be known for its liberalism, not everyone is on the same page. Roseanne Barr is famously an outspoken Trump supporter, and proudly plays a Trumpster in her reboot of "Roseanne."
Celebrities are people who are allowed to have their own political opinions. Shaming one side is a double standard and is unfair.
31 celebrities who have publicly supported Donald Trump
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
SAN MARCOS, Texas — Griffin Kinney scored 17 points with seven rebounds and Appalachian State upended Texas State 59-56 on Saturday night.
The Mountaineers (10-15, 5-7 Sun Belt Conference) trailed by one at intermission, but they stayed close early in the second half when a Kinney layup tied it 49-all with 7:35 to play. Shelby Adams's jumper gave Texas State a 54-53 lead with 4:32 remaining. The Bobcats (14-11, 7-5) did not score a field goal after that as Kinney, Craig Hinton, Justin Forrest and Tyrell Johnson each made a single foul shot in the stretch to give the Mountaineers the edge.
Ronshad Shabazz added 15 points for Appalachian State. Forrest had eight points.
Nijal Pearson scored 14 points with four rebounds for the Bobcats, who have lost three straight. Tyler Blount added 10 points.
× Expand Image courtesy St. Martin's Press
Marti Trailor is a mother of three, struggling to keep her marriage from crumbling, striving to get back into the field of social work after stay-at-home mom life, and is on trial — for murder. The progression from mother and wife to homicide suspect is the focus of “Best Intentions,” a new novel from Charlottesville-based author Erika Raskin.
“Best Intentions” is a murder mystery, but it explores issues of class and racial discrimination, holes in the health care system and various hospital policies, and the struggles of balancing domestic life and a career.
The author delves into realistic scenarios. “I think it's a character-driven novel so I started writing the characters, but I just wove in things that I saw and things that concern me,” Raskin says.
Set in Richmond, local readers may notice some familiar settings, including the James River, Church Hill and Monument Avenue. In one of many nods to real-life racial tension, Marti references the controversy of adding the Arthur Ashe monument to the historic avenue largely dotted with Confederate figures. Raskin says, “We lived in Richmond during the struggle to keep the civil rights icon off of the street dedicated to the Confederacy. It was ugly and sad, ranging from basic tone deafness about the importance of symbolism, to a deep commitment to a segregated Monument Avenue.”
Race- and class-based tensions are seen in Marti's struggle to help Tonya Maines, a pregnant young African-American woman who lives in poverty and is receiving insufficient medical care in a system that has all but written her off. Contending with long wait times for doctors' appointments, unhospitable hospital workers, and less-than adequate medical facilities, Marti is trying to do what's best for Tonya within the restrictions placed upon her as a hospital social worker.
As the wife of a doctor with a child who suffers from a chronic illness requiring many in-patient stays, Raskin says she's seen a lot of things that surprised her, ranging from treatment to how overworked the doctors are. “I saw a lot of things that weren't just social class-related, but bad hospital policy-related.”
As a whole, “Best Intentions” is thrilling, but the compelling characters facing very real and very current issues take the reader on a thought-provoking journey full of twists and turns. “I hope that [this novel] shines a light on some issues and it makes people ask questions,” Raskin says.
“Best Intentions” (St. Martin's Press) is available Aug. 15.
HUNGERFORD TOWN'S play-off hopes have been thrown into turmoil after they were dealt the same blow as Poole Town and Darlington by having their ground passed unfit to stage play-off matches.
A letter received from the Vanarama National League at the weekend confirmed that Hungerford had failed to meet ground standards for the play-off – despite passing all the requirements to compete in National League South.
The provision of 140 more seats is the issue, although the club has those ready to go up should they reach the end of season knock-out. And even those are surplus to the requirements of the FA's ground grading requirements.
Poole Town and Darlington are in the same predicament, despite spending six-figure sums on ground improvements to meet National League South standards.
But all three clubs have been handed the last-minute blows that came only hours before the formal 14-day deadline to appeal following the league's March 31 deadline for work to be done.
They have now been given seven days plus an allowance for the Bank Holiday weekend in which to lodge their appeals or their potential play-off spots will go to clubs further down the table. Hungerford's formal appeal has been completed and is due to be submitted shortly.
For the full story, see Thursday's Newbury Weekly News.
A major police operation targeting the supply of heroin and crack cocaine in Leeds has resulted in 27 arrests.
More than 30 addresses, mainly in the Harehills and Chapeltown areas, were raided this week as a series of warrants were executed.
It follows months of painstaking work to gather evidence on those suspected of being involved in several ‘ring and bring' drug dealing phone lines which are behind the supply of Class A drugs on the streets of the city.
The operation was led by specialist officers from Leeds District Serious Organised Crime Unit and West Yorkshire Police Protective Service Crime.
It resulted in the recovery of two handguns, 13 rounds of ammunition, a stun gun disguised as a torch, approximately two kilos of heroin, 700 individual wraps of crack cocaine, around £20,000 in cash and equipment for processing Class A drugs.
A number of vehicles were also seized by officers.
Chief Superintendent Paul Money, Leeds District Commander, said: “This week's arrest phase builds on two similar previous stages of this operation in May and July this year where a large number of people were arrested and charged with offences.
“The aim of this work over the last six months has been to deal a major blow to the organised criminal groups behind the supply of Class A drugs in the city.
“It is one of the largest single operations of this type in recent years and is a very significant chapter in our ongoing work to dismantle these criminal networks.
“The recovery of firearms and ammunition during this week's searches highlights the clear link between the criminal use of guns on the streets of the city and the trade in Class A drugs.
“We have seen a number of firearms discharges over the last year with links to feuds and drugs turf wars, and these have caused understandable concern in our communities.
Of the 27 people arrested, 17 have so far been charged with drugs supply offences and have been remanded to court.
Other suspects remain under investigation and further charges are expected.
Chief Supt Money said: "“We have taken a number of key people linked to those incidents of the streets and those efforts will have been bolstered by this week's operation and its previous phases.
“We hope this operation will serve to provide some reassurance to the law-abiding majority of people in Chapeltown and Harehills and send a very clear deterrent message to those who think they can flout the law without having to face the consequences.
“The supply of illegal drugs fuels crime and anti-social behaviour in our communities and damages and destroys the lives of those who take them and their families. We remain firmly committed to doing everything we can alongside our partner agencies to tackle the issue and keep people safe."
He added that information from the community continues to play a vital role in the success of this work.
Anyone with information on the supply of drugs in the city is urged to call police via 101 or pass on information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Mark Salling had alcohol in his blood when he took his own life.
A toxicology report found that there were no narcotics or drugs in the 'Glee' actor's body when he passed away on January 30. However, his blood alcohol level was between 0.08 and 0.096 percent - similar to the legal driving limit in California.
It was also confirmed that Mark passed away from "asphyxia due to hanging".
The report - which was obtained by Entertainment Tonight - also said that Salling had previously tried to end his life last year.
Before his untimely death, Salling was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to possession of child pornography.
His family said in a statement at the time of his passing: "I can confirm that Mark Salling passed away early this morning. Mark was a gentle and loving person, a person of great creativity, who was doing his best to atone for some serious mistakes and errors of judgment. He is survived by his mother and father, and his brother. The Salling family appreciates the support they have been receiving and asks for their privacy to be respected."
Following Salling's passing, his child pornography case was officially dismissed.
Prosecutors had moved to have his case - in which he agreed to pay $50,000 to each victim who submitted a formal restitution request - dropped in the wake of his passing, it has now been confirmed that the judge has agreed to dismiss.
Court documents state: "For good cause show, it is hereby ordered that: The government's motion to dismiss the indictment pursuant to Rule 48 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure is granted. The indictment in the above referenced case is dismissed without prejudice. (sic)"
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," she said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that he reached out to her father to express condolences.
"When I spoke to Rocco ... early this morning, it was clear that part of his life is gone," Palacio said. "As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of his life."
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a "ball girl" and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said she worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
"Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016," Tennis Canada said in a statement. "She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of her own."
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, he looked around and said little other than his name before charges were announced. His next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if he had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian who was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer, identified by police sources as Const. Ken Lam, is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
"It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto," city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. "The one ... positive to take away from that day was his (officer's) behaviour."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident. Calling it a "senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," he said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
"We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us," Wynne said. "We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is."
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered his condolences Tuesday morning.
"I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives," Trump said at a White House ceremony. "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders has said it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day Thursday, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears Wednesday.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday, pausing a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that he fondled Constand after giving her pills.
Judge Steven O'Neill seemed vexed at times as the court staff struggled to answer the jury's requests. One batch of requested testimony hadn't even been transcribed yet.
But when jurors asked to stop for the day Wednesday night, O'Neill was effusive with praise — encouraging their diligence as they weigh charges that could put the 79-year-old Cosby in prison for the rest of his life.
“This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity,” O'Neill said. “I don't have any higher praise. You have taken your task so seriously.”
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if he is convicted.
The case has already helped demolish his nice-guy reputation as America's Dad.
Cosby has wavered between stoic and smiling as he awaits his fate, but gave a brief thumbs-up as jurors listened to a court reporter reread his January 2005 police interview.
In it, he claimed Constand showed no ill effects from the 1 1/2 Benadryl pills he gave her to help her relax, and that she never objected to his behavior during the 2004 encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home.
Constand testified last week that she was paralyzed by the pills and unable to fight Cosby off. Her mother, Gianna Constand, pulled a cloth from her pocket to wipe away tears Wednesday as she listened to the testimony.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as they listened to the police interview. One slunk down in his seat, looking angry.
“Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question,” said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Officials removed a 3-year-old boy from a home with three heroin users and placed them under arrest, according to a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office report.
Scroll for more content...
Kay Hanna, 68, Jeffrey Hanna, 38, Kristine Schreckengost, 42 are facing charges of child neglect.
Deputies searching the home on the 7300 block of Ashley Shores Dr near Lake Worth reported finding heroin residue on items next to the child's toys and where the 3-year-old boy spends time on Jan. 30.
The child's relationship to the three adults is not immediately clear. Schreckengost and Jeffrey Hanna live at his mother Kay Hanna's house, county records show. They were all booked into the Palm Beach County Jail Tuesday.
"All are heroin users," a Palm Beach County assistant state attorney told a judge during their first appearance Wednesday morning.
Small baggies with suspected heroin residue were found inside a tin container on the floor next to the child's dump truck in front of Jeffrey Hanna and Schreckengost's bedroom, the report states. Their bathroom had straws, credit cards, and a grinder with white powder.
An open garbage bag had small clear plastic baggies with straws and white powder residue inside, a detective wrote in the report. The bag was hanging from a door well within reach of the child. Schreckengost told the deputy she was "cleaning up" the house and was throwing away the old heroin bags.
Deputies found tub toys for the child, clear plastic baggies, and cut straws with white powder residue inside Kay Hanna's bathroom. More toys and drug residue were found inside her bedroom. She admitted that the child spends a lot of time in there.
Neighbors in the area told WPTV they noticed strange activity at the home in the last year.
"To the extent that it was going on I didn't realize how bad it really was," Brian Segel said.
DCF told law enforcement they previously made several attempts to check on the welfare of the child inside the home but the family refused, according to the report.
Jeffrey Hanna and Kristine Schreckengost admitted they are longtime drug users and said they openly use drugs in the household, the report states. They said they've been trying to help each other stop using drugs without going to a program.
Records show Schreckengost tested positive for cocaine, opioids, and oxycodone.
DCF removed the child and placed him with a family member.
The investigation
Court records suggest the investigation into the home initially started with anonymous complaints to PBSO in June. People reported possible drug activity there, saying they saw people constantly coming and going from the home.
Detectives surveilled the house on June 29 and once they saw Hanna leave in his vehicle, they pulled him over for a traffic stop. His driver's license was suspended at the time and he had a had an open warrant for failing to appear in court for a previous case, records state.
While Hanna was placed in handcuffs, deputies searched his car and reported finding suspected cocaine and heroin.
An agent asked Hanna if he has a drug problem. Hanna started to cry and admitted to using drugs at his house. He agreed to let the agent search his house, the agent reported.
When they arrived at the house, Schreckengost was checking the mail and also agreed to have them search the home. Hanna led deputies to under his bed where they found heroin capsules and drug paraphernalia.
Hanna was then booked into the Palm Beach County Jail for the failure to appear charge. He was released on his own recognizance later that day.
In December, a judge signed a warrant for Hanna's arrest for possessing heroin for the June incident. But it was not until the end of January when PBSO went to the house with DCF that the three were placed under arrest for child neglect.
The three were released from the Palm Beach County Jail under supervision on Wednesday. They are ordered to not have alcohol or illegal drugs and are subject to random drug testing.
A sailor marshalls a CH-47 Chinook from the United States Army 82d Combat Avaition Brigade during deck landing training aboard the USS Whidbey Island (LSD 14) in the Gulf of Aden, Nov. 10, 2016. The training allowed troopers from the 82d CAB to get their qualification in landing on naval ships, each crew member had to perform five day-time landings and five night-time landings using NVG capabilities. The 82d CAB rapidly deploys in support of the Global Response Force to conduct decisive aviation operations worldwide. Enabling the ground force commander with air assault, air movement, attack, recon and medevac capabilities. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Joshua J. Garcia)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.10.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:27 Photo ID: 3167249 VIRIN: 161110-F-QF982-0775 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 8.52 MB Location: GULF OF ADEN Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 82 Avaition Brigade [Image 1 of 4], by TSgt Joshua Garcia, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EDMOND, Okla. - A veterinarian in Oklahoma has quite a tale to tell after removing 21 pacifiers from a dog's stomach.
The veterinarian at Gentle Care Animal Hospital said he had to share the story because "this was the most fascinating and exciting surgery I have ever done..."
A local couple recently had a baby and were wondering what was happening to all of their child's pacifiers.
One day, the child's grandmother saw the dog, Dovey, jump up on the counter and take off with one.
The couple told the veterinarian that Dovey had slowed down her eating and had been vomiting a little phlegm for a few days, but other than that, they said the dog seemed fine and that they hadn't noticed any other changes.
When Dovey vomited up a pacifier one day, the couple decided it was time to take the dog in for an x-ray, according to the hospital's Facebook post.
Judging from the x-ray, the local veterinarian believed there were between 7 to 9 pacifiers in the dog's stomach.
However, during surgery, the veterinarian found 21 pacifiers in the dog's stomach!
Fortunately, Dovey is doing great and gets to go home today, the veterinarian told KFOR.
"Dog's will eat anything, anytime and at any age so always be watching!!!" the veterinarian posted to Facebook.
Wall Street Journal Reporter Says Vital Information Was Exposed In NSA Breach
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with writer Shane Harris, one of the journalists who broke the story of the major security breach at the National Security Agency for the Wall Street Journal.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Let's turn now to news of yet another major security breach at the National Security Agency. This one involves Russia - Russian government hackers, to be precise, who targeted the home computer of an NSA contractor and reportedly stole highly classified material off it. The Wall Street Journal broke the story, and Wall Street Journal writer Shane Harris is here now to tell us more. Hey, Shane.
SHANE HARRIS: Hi, how are you?
KELLY: What do we know about these hackers? And what do we know about the data that they reportedly stole?
HARRIS: All right, well, the data itself is information that the NSA uses to hack into foreign government computer systems. It's how the NSA spies on its adversaries and its targets. And there was also information, we understand, that was exposed about how the NSA protects computer networks in this country. Hackers working for the Russian government - and we should say we don't know precisely which agency, but officials have concluded they were working on the government's behest - hacked into this home computer of this NSA contractor. He had removed this information from his workplace, took it home and put it on his home computer.
KELLY: Just to work on it at home...
HARRIS: Just to work on it. Right.
KELLY: ...In the evening hours. OK.
HARRIS: There's apparently - was no malicious intent in this, but that is an egregious violation of security policies.
KELLY: And sounds like information that you would not want to fall into the hands of the Russian government if you work at National Security Agency.
HARRIS: Not at all. This would be the information you don't want to fall into the hands of the Russian government.
KELLY: And just to give people a sense of the timing, your reporting indicated that this breach happened in 2015, that the NSA found out about it last year and they've been trying to look into it and investigate...
HARRIS: That's...
KELLY: ...Ever since. So how serious a breach is this? I mean, how much damage might this do to the NSA as it's trying to continue doing its work?
HARRIS: It's potentially very serious because here we're talking about information that the NSA uses to conduct its mission, which is to spy on other governments and to spy on organizations. So if they've lost the ability to do that from with - having lost these tools or, more to the point, no longer being able to have confidence that their adversary doesn't know what these tools are that they're using, which have to remain secret, it could definitely impair their ability to collect intelligence.
KELLY: Now, the NSA says that it has made reforms since the Edward Snowden episode in 2013, that it has fixed things so that this will not keep happening. Does this episode suggest that there's still progress to be made?
HARRIS: I think so. This is the third major incident that we know about, including Edward Snowden and another NSA contractor called Harold Martin, who took a lot of classified information home as well over the course of many years.
KELLY: Which we learned about last year. Yeah.
HARRIS: That's right. But you've now got three instances in which people who had access to highly confidential classified information were able to walk out of their workplace with it. And we interviewed people for this story who said when they worked at NSA they routinely, as they left, were never patted down. The security procedures were quite lax. And they speculated, you know, they probably could have taken classified information out if they wanted to as well.
KELLY: Let me insert another name into our conversation, and that is Kaspersky. The NSA employee was running Kaspersky Anti-Virus software on this home computer. The U.S. government has been hinting for months that it thinks Kaspersky operates as a tool for Russian intelligence. And you're reporting that Kaspersky software may have been the way in for these hackers. Explain.
HARRIS: Right. Investigators have determined that Kaspersky is how these Russian hackers knew what was on this individual's computer. So Kaspersky is like any anti-virus program. What it does is it scans the machine on which it's installed, takes a log of all the files and looks for malicious code. It's kind of like a digital security guard on your computer. But what it also then has is a - kind of log of what's on that computer. And that can be stored.
The investigators think that armed with that information, the hackers were able to home in on this machine. We still don't know exactly whether Kaspersky was instructed to do this, whether the Russian government did this without their knowledge. But this was the tool, investigators think, to tell them what was on the machine.
KELLY: I want to mention that Kaspersky is among NPR's corporate underwriters. And I also want to mention they have put out a statement responding to your story. What do they say?
HARRIS: They say they have no knowledge of this incident. And they deny in any way helping the Russian government conduct intelligence operations.
KELLY: Shane Harris, senior national security writer for The Wall Street Journal, thanks so much.
HARRIS: It's my pleasure.
KELLY: And a House committee says it has scheduled a hearing on Kaspersky Lab software for later this month. They'll be investigating the relationship between Kaspersky and the Kremlin.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Orwells – “Terrible Human Beings”
THE GOOD: Chicago-area rockers the Orwells come back with a loud and raunchy third.
THE BAD: The record loses steam (and some much-needed hooks) across its second half.
THE NITTY GRITTY: Still barely in their twenties, the boys fill their songs with coarse harmonies, chunky guitar riffs, bad attitudes (the sarcasm dripping off those “Sha-la-la-la's” during “Hippie Soldier”), direct and infectious melodies (the fast and furious “Buddy”) and lyrics meant to stir things up (you have to love a title like “They Put A Body in the Bayou”). They also score points for not exactly sounding British, but at least resembling some of the more plucky U.K. acts that have invaded our shores over the past two decades.
Now whether the lads are completely “genuine” or not doesn't really matter two or three songs into “Human Beings.” You get swept up in the noise and reckless spirit of the whole affair. So, turn it way up, jump around and act the fool.
BUY IT?: Yeah.
Colony House – “Only the Lonely”
THE GOOD: Tennessee alt-rockers Colony House dodge the sophomore slump on “Lonely.”
THE BAD:This is by-the-numbers modern rock. Slightly predictable, very safe. Thankfully though, the guys are a little less stale than Young the Giant and a little more like the infectious Fratellis. You may not be completely stimulated, but you won't be bored, either.
THE NITTY GRITTY: The band was founded by brothers Caleb and Will Chapman, sons of contemporary Christian artist Steven Curtis Chapman. However, Colony House's music is at least 95 percent secular. These boys aren't the second coming of Skillet.
And when everything falls into place, some of these tracks completely captivate, the way any decent pop song does. “Where Your Father's Been” is blessed with high rising melodies. “Was It Me” rides a strong seamless rhythmic flow. “You Know It” brings classic surf to the party.
“Lonely” may lose some momentum across its final third, but the record never completely fizzles out. Decent stuff.
BUY IT?: Your choice.
Maximo Park – “Risk to Exist”
THE GOOD: British indie rockers Maximo Park are back with their sixth.
THE BAD: Over the last couple of records, the band has softened some of their rough edges; the music becoming slightly less aggressive or jagged. Unfortunately, they've shed some of their uniqueness along the way, too.
THE NITTY GRITTY: Co-produced by Tom Schick (Wilco, Beck) and recorded in Wilco's Chicago studio the Loft, “Risk To Exist” finds frontman Paul Smith and the lads giving us a tempered blend of Britpop and guitar rock; pretty standard Maximo Park stuff even though it's not quite as hyper as the early albums.
Like a lot of their fellow countrymen post-Brexit, MP gets a tad political on “Risk.” Songs like the title track and “What Did We Do To You To Deserve This” tackle (or at least acknowledge) the ugly global political climate of 2017. And while some of the messages aren't subtle, they never overshadow that standard Maximo groove we've grown accustomed to over the past decade-and-a half.
BUY IT?: Your call.
Contact the writer: mevans@shamrocknepa.com
Bracing for St. Patrick's Day — March 16
Many Waterloo Region taxpayers are appalled and outraged at the sense of entitlement and selfishness displayed by Paris Kiani and the students who signed the petition opposing one-day limits on guests to their buildings. The cost to Waterloo Region of dealing with St. Patrick's Day is offensive, and our police, emergency and health-care resources would be better spent elsewhere. And this all for the sake of allowing a bunch of indignant, self-centred students the right to party on their terms. Let's remember why you are at university — to study, if you recall? To place more students at risk and waste precious resources only underscores the misplaced narcissism of some of our youth.
STORRS, Conn. — Napheesa Collier scored 23 points and top-seeded UConn beat in-state neighbour Quinnipiac 71-46 on Monday night to advance to a 25th straight Sweet 16.
Azura Stevens added 14 points and Hamilton's Kia Nurse chipped in with 13 for the Huskies (34-0), who found themselves in a much slower-paced game than their 140-52 first-round rout of Saint Francis (Pa.).
But Connecticut was not threatened in this one either. They opened with a 9-2 run and never trailed.
Jen Fay had 12 points to lead the ninth-seeded Bobcats (28-6), who saw their school-record 23-game winning streak snapped.
Quinnipiac got plenty of open looks, but hit just four of 24 shots from 3-point range, including just one of 12 from in the first half.
UConn shot 59 per cent, held Quinnipiac to just 17 baskets on 56 shots (30 per cent), and led 33-18 at halftime.
A pair of free throws by Stevens gave the Huskies their first 20-point lead late in the third quarter and it was 54-31 going into the fourth.
The Huskies were too big for the Bobcats, who had no player on the court over 6-foot tall.
They outrebounded Quinnipiac 33-21 and outscored them 28-14 in the paint.
It was just the second meeting between the two programs. The first, a 117-20 UConn win, came almost 20 years ago after Quinnipiac made the jump from Division II.
New regulations and technologies such as computer-driven trading have caused a major change in how liquidity is provided since the financial crisis. Goldman says that while the shift has freed up capital for more efficient uses, it will also reduce liquidity when the cycle turns. Photo: AP
New York: Markets are becoming their own worst enemies, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
The stock-market rout in early February that caused a spike in the Cboe Volatility Index is a symptom of growing “financial fragility,” or big swings in prices caused by breakdowns in markets themselves as opposed to changes in fundamentals, an economist at the bank wrote Monday in a note to clients. To make matters worse, Goldman says there's reason to be concerned about liquidity drying up during periods when markets are distressed.
“Future liquidity disruptions may amplify price declines when the current cycle turns,” wrote Charles Himmelberg, Goldman's co-chief markets economist. “Trading liquidity may be worse than it looks because trading volume in many major markets is increasingly dominated by more speed and less capital.”
The warning on fragility came days after the bank said in a note Friday that investors need to get used to lacklustre returns as volatility picks up and stocks and bonds move more in tandem with each other. The selloff in US technology stocks Monday sent the VIX futures curve into backwardation, a telltale sign that the market is under stress, as near-term contracts became more expensive than longer-dated counterparts.
New regulations and technologies such as computer-driven trading have caused a major change in how liquidity is provided since the financial crisis. Goldman says that while the shift has freed up capital for more efficient uses, it will also reduce liquidity when the cycle turns.
“This is why we think ‘markets themselves' belong on the short list of late-cycle risks to which markets are potentially complacent,” Himmelberg said. “While the analogy is imperfect and our uncertainty is high, we see reasons to think that ‘liquidity is the new leverage.'” Bloomberg
STILLWATER, Okla. — Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in (L) shakes hands with US President Donald Trump during a joint press conference following their bilateral summit at the White House, Washington, on June 30, 2017 (US time). (Yonhap)
With President Moon Jae-in set to mark his 100th day in office this week, the geopolitical situation on the Korean Peninsula and Seoul's relations with major powers remain tricky, posing a grave challenge for the new leader down the road.Moon came into office on May 10 with urgent missions to address North Korea's advancing nuclear and missile programs and find a way out of inter-Korean tension as well as untangle bilateral feuds with China which frets over Seoul's deployment of a US defense system, Terminal High Altitude Area Defense.As Moon's 100th day in office falls on Thursday, his successful summit-level diplomacy figures prominently.He flew to the US in late June for his first summit with President Donald Trump less than two months after taking office. He then attended the meeting of leaders from the Group of 20 countries in Germany in July, putting South Korea's summit-level diplomacy back on track following a hiatus caused by former President Park Geun-hye's impeachment.In their summit with in Washington D.C., Moon and Trump reaffirmed strong alliance between their countries and joint efforts to deter North Korea's threats, a security guarantee that came as North Korea's continued ballistic missile tests unnerved South Koreans and their surrounding regions.Moon also had Trump's support for South Korea's "leading role in fostering an environment for peaceful unification of the Korean Peninsula" written in their joint statement following the summit, gaining US backing for his pledge to be in the driver's seat in dealing with North Korean issues.The statement confirmed that "President Trump supported President Moon's aspiration to restart inter-Korean dialogue on issues including humanitarian affairs," extending US support for Moon's initiative to use dialogue in denuclearizing North Korea, in addition to sanctions and pressure against the country.He rallied international support for his approach during the G-20 summit in Hamburg, Germany held from July 7-8.During his visit to Germany, Moon unveiled the outline of his North Korea policy, later billed as the "Berlin initiative," in a speech in the German capital.There, Moon said he is willing to sit together with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to discuss cooperation and peace and will push for denuclearization of North Korea simultaneously with a peace treaty with the North."The Moon Jae-in administration unavoidably had some difficulties in pursuing new diplomatic policy after it came into a diplomacy inheritance that was in a mess," Hong Hyun-ik, a senior researcher at the Sejong Institute in Seoul, said. "But he was quite successfully in recovering South Korea's place through summit diplomacy in a short period of time and asserting his peace initiative," Hong said.Despite Moon's efforts, however, the security condition of the peninsula is mired in higher-than-ever tensions as North Korea escalated its military threats instead of returning South Korea's calls for talks.In July, North Korea test-fired two Hwasong-14 missiles which the country declared were intercontinental ballistic missiles. It was the country's first tests of missiles that most analysts said are capable of reaching the mainland US Some said they could have reached as far as eastern part of the US if they were fired at a right angle.Last week, North Korea's military threatened missile strikes in the area around the US territory of Guam, drawing backlash from an angry Trump."Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely," Trump tweeted in reaction.Meanwhile, North Korea was unresponsive to South Korea's offers to hold talks between their militaries and Red Cross bodies, which were made in line with Moon's Berlin announcement.Amid deepening tensions, the United Nations Security Council adopted its latest sanctions resolution against North Korea in early August, imposing a blanket ban on North Korea's exports of coal, iron and iron ore, the country's major foreign currency sources.Resolution 2371 also placed restrictions on the North's foreign sales of lead, seafood and workforce, with an aim to cut the country's $3 billion annual export revenue by $1 billion, in response to the ICBM testsExperts said Moon's peace initiative is currently in a straitjacket against such a backdrop; Moon's much-promoted pledge to sit in the driver's seat in North Korean issues is going nowhere with the North seen to be occupied with tit for tat with the US, rather than Seoul's offers.The prospect of South Korea's diplomacy with China and Japan looks also gloomy.In the aftermath of the North's ICBM launch, Seoul reversed course and said it will resume the unfinished deployment of a THAAD battery, a move that would surely result in a major thorn in relations with China which explicitly opposes the military installation.An unresolved diplomatic dispute over Japan's colonial-era mobilization of Korean women for sexual services is also standing in the way of the South Korea-Japan relationship, with Seoul having recently launched a special probe into a so-called comfort woman deal the previous Park administration signed with Japan to settle the history feud."The backdrop isn't right at all for the Moon Jae-in administration to do what it has originally set out to do," Kim Joon-hyung, professor at Handong Global University, said. "The most urgent task is to manage the tinderbox at hand."While firmly sticking to his vision, Moon has to keep pushing for talks with North Korea as well as the US and China to achieve a breakthrough in the situation, Kim said, adding that "If official dialogue is unavailable, then he should mobilize all other options possible including under-the-table negotiations in order to keep talks going." (Yonhap)
POLICE are investigating an astounding case of road rage during which a man threatened a cyclist with an axe in Adelaide's east.
Shocking video, obtained by 7 News, has emerged of the incident, which occurred at the intersection of Glynburn and Magill roads, Kensington Park just before noon on Tuesday.
The video shows an elderly man get out of a car at the intersection and use a tomahawk to hit the male cyclist's bicycle before walking towards rider, who back away with his hands up.
A witness called Danny told 7 News that before that confrontation he saw the cyclist shouting abuse at the driver, banging on a passenger window and smashing a side mirror.
A man appearing to wield an axe at a cyclist has been caught on video in an apparent road rage incident. Picture: Supplied/7News
"I could see a cyclist punching a car window non-stop and then 100m down the road he's still punching the window of this old guy's car and then he busted the guy's mirror," he said.
"The car driver jumped out with an axe and that put an end to the fight I think and then he went to town on his bike."
Danny said the altercation ended when the lights turned green and the driver and the cyclist went their separate ways.
SA Police say Eastern Adelaide police are investigating the incident.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Facebook's motto was “move fast and break things.”
Now it is in the dock, charged with moving too fast and threatening to break our democracy.
The US tech giant is accused of allowing a British firm to harvest the personal details of more than 50 million users.
This was passed to the secretive Cambridge Analytica firm which played a key role in the US presidential elections and, possibly, the EU referendum .
This was not an innocent piece of market research.
How Cambridge Analytica operates has huge consequences for how elections are won and lost.
Here, we examine the data breach that has put the health of our democracy under threat.
What does Facebook know about you?
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The vast majority of people on Facebook – and there 32 million in the UK and almost two billion worldwide – use it to keep in touch with friends, share photos and videos and arrange social events.
Few users realise that in doing so we hand over a wealth of personal data to the company, which, as a result, knows far more about you than any government.
The information many nations have on ID cards is about a 1,000th of the information which Facebook has collected. Some of this we hand over voluntarily, such as when you tell Facebook your age, school, address, place of work and marital status.
But Facebook can glean far more information from what you “like”, who your friends are and what groups you join.
It can also, if you let it, track your website history. This allows the tech firm to sell advertising that can be pinpointed at each individual user.
Facebook's algorithms are so sophisticated there are stories of women being bombarded with ads for nappies even before they knew they were pregnant.
This is incredibly valuable for those wanting to sell you something and it is a gold mine for a political party wanting to push tailor-made messages at a particular audience.
What is Cambridge Analytica?
(Image: PA)
The firm, which has nothing to do with Cambridge University, was set up in 2013 to assist companies and political organisations who want to “change audience behaviour”.
The firm collects vast amounts of information from social media firms and polling and then uses it to draw up targets for political messaging.
Cambridge Analytica is partly owned by the US billionaire Robert Mercer, who bankrolled Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and is run by Old Etonian Alexander Nix. Former Trump adviser Steve Bannon was on Analytica's board from 2014 to 2016.
During the US election the firm was said to have used real-time inform-ation to target 20 million “persuadable” voters in key seats and schedule Trump's visit to those campaign arenas.
The Trump online campaign was highly effective. For example, negative messages about Clinton were pushed in areas with a large number of black Americans to suppress the Democrat vote.
What is the firm accused of doing?
The company is accused of using information collected by Aleksandr Krogan's company Global Science Research. In 2014, Dr Krogan gathered data through an app that paid Facebook users to take a personality quiz.
It also collected data on these users' friends, allowing him to get the personal information of as many as 50 million profiles.
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie, who worked for Cambridge Analytica, said he created Bannon's “psychological warfare” machine.
Wylie told the Observer: “We exploited Facebook to harvest millions of people's profiles and built models to exploit what we knew about them and target their inner demons. That was the basis that entire company was built on.”
By handing the information to Cambridge Analytica, Dr Krogan, breached Facebook's rules on the use of personal data.
Mr Nix faces claims he misled MPs on the Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee – an accusation he denies. Nix told the committee in February: “We do not work with Facebook data and we do not have Facebook data.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cambridge Analytica said: “Alexander Nix did not mislead the committee. When we learned GSR sold us Facebook data it shouldn't have done, we deleted it all.”
Cambridge Analytica's managing director Mark Turnbull was secretly filmed by Channel 4 News describing how his firm operates.
He said: “We just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again… like a remote control.
“It has to happen without anyone thinking, ‘That's propaganda'.”
A spokesman for the firm said: “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
Does Facebook have questions to answer?
Facebook also faces accusations it may have misled Parliament.
Culture committee chairman Damian Collins now wants its boss Mark Zuckerberg to appear before MPs. Facebook told MPs in February it had not passed on information to Cambridge Analytica. Facebook now says Dr Krogan “lied to us and violated our platform policies”.
Facebook knew about the data breach for two years, but did not alert its users. According to the New York Times copies of harvested information can still be found online.
Did Cambridge Analytica have a role in the EU referendum?
The Electoral Commission is investigating the links between Cambridge Analytica and the pro- Brexit organisation Leave.EU co-founded by Arron Banks. In 2015, Mr Nix said his firm had “supercharged” Leave.EU's social media reach. He has now retracted the claim and says Cambridge Analytica did not work for Leave.EU.
But Banks told the Culture committee: “It is incorrect to say they [Cambridge Analytica] had no involvement.”
What does it mean to you?
The rapid expansion in social media has transformed the way we receive and digest news.
This is especially true for younger people (25% of Facebook users in the UK are aged 25-34), who get more of their news online than from papers, TV and radio.
MPs are calling for tech firms to state clearly where your news is coming from and who pays for it. They also want the Data Protection Act updated to protect the personal details of social media users.
Without these safeguards, they fear political parties will be free to plunder information and use it to disperse propaganda and fake news to unwitting audiences.
1. Consider what really makes you happy
Being true to the real you are spiritually important — and it's practical too. A lot of people out there aren't being quite honest with themselves. And let me tell you, as a life coach, clients confess to me that they do all sorts of things simply because their peers, family or friends do.
For instance, one person takes recreational drugs, another goes running even though he hates it, one woman is more promiscuous than she feels comfortable with, one person actually climbed Mount Kilimanjaro simply because a bossy colleague was doing it, and another only dates a certain type of person because of external influences.
Are you getting the full range here?
If you think that person who gets high on the weekends or is signed up for that marathon is the real deal who you need to imitate to be happy, you may well be dead wrong.
2. Take tips, not the total
Receiving influence from our surroundings is natural — and it can be healthy. For example, you might fall in love with your friend Donna's barre class that she introduced you to, and that's great! You might like Tom's passion for local theatre and find yourself going every few weeks. Fab! You might be totally inspired by your friend Tina's boho style and decide to add a tasselled bag to your summer wardrobe. Lovely!
Tips are great. Receive them with gratitude and an open mind. But following just one person or a specific, entire way of living? Nope. I guarantee it won't be the real you.
3. No one else is you, and that is your power
Do you know who the real you actually are? It takes a lifetime to know for sure because we all evolve and change with time. If you feel disconnected from your inner inspiration, take a social media break, if you can. Spend a little more time alone. Remember what inspired you when you were a kid. This can only come from you. The irony? The more yourself you are, the more you'll actually inspire copycats of your unique way of being. That's OK! It's a compliment.
So know this: you're enough, just as you are. And you don't need to copy anyone or anything, ever. Ever. Because there's nothing cute about an ill-fitting lifestyle (or a pair of jeans). No matter how cool the person rocking them seems to be.
Susie Moore is Greatist's life coach columnist and a confidence coach in New York City.
Susie Moore is Greatist's life coach columnist and a confidence coach in New York City.
Regular readers of The Yorkshire Post will be familiar with our award-winning campaign to raise awareness about the devastating impact of loneliness in this country.
Its two main aims are for loneliness to be universally recognised as a health priority and to encourage more people to become volunteers for support services. Since its inception it has helped change perceptions and influence policy-makers.
It was an issue that Jo Cox took to her heart and championed so passionately before her senseless murder last year. This newspaper worked with Mrs Cox on a new cross-party commission to bring together experts in the field and investigate the scale of the loneliness crisis.
Leeds West MP Rachel Reeves has since picked up the baton and pressed on with the commission's work and today she will tell London's Policy Exchange that loneliness is no longer a personal misfortune that can befall individuals but has escalated into a “social epidemic”.
It is a stark warning but a necessary one. Ms Reeves says a fresh approach to health and social care is needed to tackle this issue and wants to see the introduction of a new kind of welfare system that brings people together and encourages them to help themselves.
Loneliness can, and does, afflict all strata of society irrespective of age, status, or background and as such it requires a radical, forward-thinking solution, and for that to happen we need politicians, healthcare bosses and leading charities to spearhead a co-ordinated plan of action.
It is approaching four years since we launched our campaign and while giant strides have been taken to make people more aware of this scourge of modern society, more work needs to be done, and Ms Reeves's speech is a timely reminder of the scale of the challenge we face if we are to put an end to this harrowing social epidemic.
People across Peterborough and Cambridgeshire are being asked to be alert to the signs of suspicious activity, in order to help prevent terrorist atrocities such as the ones the country experienced in 2017.
The latest phase of the ‘ACT - Action Counters Terrorism' campaign launches today (Tuesday, March 20) and the new head of UK Counterterrorism Policing has used the launch of a campaign to reveal that more than a fifth of reports from the public produce intelligence which is helpful to police.
The recently appointed Assistant Commissioner of Specialist Operations (ACSO) for the Metropolitan Police, Neil Basu, praised the public's willingness to ACT in response to last year's unprecedented rise in terrorist activity, which resulted in record numbers of people contacting the police through online referral forms and the confidential hotline to report suspicious behaviour and activity.
Now he is launching the next phase of the ‘ACT –Action Counters Terrorism' campaign, featuring a new 60 second film based on real life foiled plots which will show examples of terrorist-related suspicious activity and behaviour, as well as attack planning methodology.
A call to action will encourage the public to report suspicious behaviour and activity via the online tool (gov.uk/ACT), helping the police to prevent terrorism and save lives.
“We have been saying for some time now that communities defeat terrorism, and these figures demonstrate just how important members of the public are in the fight to keep our country safe,” says ACSO Neil Basu.
“Since the beginning of 2017 we have foiled 10 Islamist and four right-wing terror plots, and there is no doubt in my mind that would have been impossible to do without relevant information from the public.”
Of the nearly 31,000 public reports to Counterterrorism (CT) Policing during 2017, more than 6,600 (21.2 per cent) resulted in useful intelligence - information which is used by UK officers to inform live investigations or help build an intelligence picture of an individual or group.
Research carried out by CT Policing suggests that while more than 80 per cent of people are motivated to report suspicious activity or behaviour, many are unclear exactly what they should be looking for.
The second phase of the ‘ACT –Action Counters Terrorism' from CT Policing aims to educate the public about terrorist attack planning and reinforce the message that any piece of information, no matter how small, could make the difference between a lethal attack or a successful disruption.
“Like other criminals, terrorists need to plan and that creates opportunities for police and the security services to discover and stop these attacks before they happen” said ACSO Basu.
“But we need your help to exploit these opportunities, so if you see or hear something unusual or suspicious trust your instincts and ACT by reporting it in confidence by phone or online.
“That could be someone buying or storing chemicals, fertilisers or gas cylinders for no obvious reasons, or receiving deliveries for unusual items. It could be someone embracing extremist ideology, or searching for such material online.
“This new film has been made to try and help people understand recent terrorist attack-planning methods, but also to demonstrate that each report from the public can be one vital piece of a much larger picture.
“The important thing for people to remember is that no report is a waste of our time - trust your instincts and tell us if something doesn't feel right.”
Detective Superintendent Glen Channer, head of counterterrorism for the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), said: “Everyone has a role to play in helping to prevent terrorist attacks and we are fully supporting of this national campaign which aims to encourage people to report any suspicious behaviour.
“Any information, no matter how small, could ultimately help prevent a lethal attack, so I'd ask people across our region to familiarise themselves with the signs to look out for and come forward, in confidence, to ourselves to report any concerns.”
You can report suspicious activity to the police by calling 101, or visiting the ACT website (www.gov.uk/ACT).
Prince's family have filed a lawsuit against the hospital that treated his first opioid overdose.
Last week, it was announced by authorities in Minnesota that there would be no criminal charges surrounding the death of the 'Purple Rain' hitmaker, who passed away in April 2016 after an accidental fentanyl overdose at the age of 57.
But on Monday, the late star's family took legal action against Trinity Medical Centre, the Illinois hospital that treated the singer for an opioid overdose the week before his fatal incident.
According to the New York Times newspaper, Prince's family - who filed the suit under the name of a trustee, Michael A. Zimmer - allege in the documents that the singer received "improper medical care" when he arrived for treatment in the early hours of April 15 2016.
The lawsuit also claims that the 'Little Red Corvette' singer's death was a "direct and proximate cause" of the hospital failing to treat his overdose properly, as well as its failure to to investigate the cause and provide proper counselling.
Lawyers for Prince's family, George Loucas and John Goetz, said in a statement to the publication: "What happened to Prince is happening to families across America. The family wishes through its investigation to shed light on this epidemic and how to better the fight to save lives. If Prince's death helps save lives, then all was not lost."
The lawsuit names Trinity Medical Centre along with its parent companies, as well as Nicole F. Mancha, a doctor who provided Prince with care at the hospital, and an unidentified pharmacist or pharmacy employee "that consulted" in the care provided to Prince.
Prince's family is also suing pharmacy chain Walgreens for "dispensing narcotic prescription medications" to the singer for an invalid medical purpose.
The lawsuit comes after Carver County attorney Mark Metz declared the case into Prince's death officially closed.
He said in a statement: "Despite the intensive law enforcement investigation, there is no reliable evidence showing how Prince obtained the counterfeit Vicodin laced with fentanyl, or who else may have had a role in delivering the counterfeit Vicodin to Prince.
Mark Twain apparently once said that “golf is a good walk spoiled.”
Much the same could be said of Britain's Favourite Walks: Top 100 (ITV, Wednesday, 8.30pm).
Another in the series of ITV's interminably long countdowns of the country's favourite stuff, this was undemanding, middle-of-the-road, M&S food hall fluff, its breakneck tramp across the countryside, careering from Scotland, to Cornwall, to London, to Northern Ireland, making walking dull, something other people do for some inexplicable reason.
Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley, for example, looking uncomfortable in full make-up and a Gore-Tex anorak, took us to Pendle on the trail of the witches.
This route takes you through some of Lancashire's most stunning countryside, past chocolate box villages and on to rough, unforgiving moorland in the shadow of Pendle Hill.
Add in the history of the Pendle Witches and their forced march to Lancaster, and it should be a walk to inspire poetry, or at least a sense of the permanence of history and the beauty of the landscape. All Tyldesley could muster was an insipid “it's really enjoyable.”
Fronted by the queen of the outdoors Julia Bradbury and Ore Oduba, a man who never knowingly turns down a job these days, this was a walking show for people who don't go walking and have no intention of starting. Like all the cooking shows which cater for people who don't do the catering.
Just strap a Go-Pro on to a rambler, send them up in the Langdales for six hours and put the whole thing on as one those slow TV shows. That would give you a better idea of what walking can do for body and soul.
It might even have got Mark Twain out and about.
There was a super blood blue moon this week, although I never saw it, given that it's been lashing down all week, but Wonders of the Moon (BBC1, Wednesday, 9pm) was an excellent substitute.
Blue moon will put on a show for stargazers
Next of Kin (ITV, Mondays, 9pm) has been a bit of a slowburner, but this week's episode seemed to move the plot on apace, with more action, more tension and potential double-crosses.
5 players who would suit a position change in 2017/18
Which big stars could do with a change of position next season?
@TrevorM90 by Trevor Murray Top 5 / Top 10 14 Jun 2017, 21:39 IST
John Stones struggled in the centre of defence and should move further upfield
A footballer's ability to reimagine oneself has become an increasingly vital part of the modern game.
In order to extend one's career enough to maximise chances of winning silverware, become a club legend and to get the most out of what is already a very short career, players are having to find ways to reinvent themselves more and more.
Just look at Cristiano Ronaldo – the Real Madrid star was once a flamboyant winger but is now one of the best out-and-out centre-forwards in the game.
So, what players should take a leaf out of “Ronnie's” book by transforming themselves? Take a look.
#1 John Stones – DM
During his time at Everton, John Stones was a formidable central defender for a number of seasons.
An eye-catching centre-half, Stones' positioning, timing in the challenge and calmness under pressure saw him earn widespread compliments. Then, it seemed as if the young Englishman started to feel the pressure and was put off by much of the media speculation regarding his future.
His ball-playing ability out of defence came under scrutiny, he started to make silly errors in clearing his lines as the rumours grew and grew about his future with the Toffees – but it didn't stop his eventual transfer to Manchester City where his style has proven of use to Pep Guardiola's philosophy.
However, it's easy to imagine how Stones would be better off unshackling himself from the role of a central defender altogether. It's a highly-pressurized situation, and he has proven to be error-prone when the heat has been on him. A move to a more advanced role, evolving into either a defensive midfielder or central midfielder would allow him to escape and let his technical, passing and movement abilities shine better for the Citizens – and the England national team.
After all, Three Lions manager Gareth Southgate recently went on record to give the 23-year-old's prospects of becoming a holding midfielder a glowing review, as per the Guardian:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In the fickle world we live in, for something to continue to capture imaginations more than ten years after it first premiered, it must be doing something right.
But there are some tales that are as old as time, and although Wicked may not be as old as the story it precedes, it has that extra sparkle that continues to keep it alive.
More than 50 million people have now seen the show worldwide, and as it makes its return to Bristol for a five-week run, you should really seize the opportunity to join them.
A tale of good, evil, and above all else, friendship, Joe Mantello's Wicked is a show that has it all – comedy, music, incredible production, and a narrative that has an important message far beyond the glitter.
The story, based on the novel by Gregory Maguire, cleverly juxtaposes perceptions of good and evil as it tells the tale of Elphaba, the green, unloved daughter of the minister of Munchkinland, who blames herself for her sister's disability and has dedicated her life to caring for her.
Following her sister to university, she meets Glinda, the sickly-sweet goody-goody whose over-the-top antics are supposed to get under the audience's skin from the off. The story charts the pair's unlikely friendship as Elphaba's talents lead her to the Wizard of Oz, who will eventually smear her name until she becomes the ‘Wicked Witch of the West' while her social-climbing best friend becomes ‘Glinda the Good'.
In Wicked, you side with the 'villain' as the whole of Oz turns against her, and root for the ‘good' to be exposed for what it truly is. It's a clever play on fairy tale stereotypes, and a message of corruption which will no doubt strike a chord in a such a politically-minded climate.
The story sits at the heart of a spellbinding production which sees monkey fly across the stage, magic spells causing cast members to cartwheel in the air, and the show stopping moment Elphaba flies high on her broomstick belting out one of the most memorable scores in both Wicked and the history of musical theatre.
Although Defying Gravity comes at the end of Act One, Amy Ross's powerful and faultless rendition left the audience on their feet before she'd finished and the curtain had come down. It is by far the stand out moment of the two-and-a-half hour production, but it manages to keep its momentum in the second half, although the scores that follow are slightly less memorable.
Shows can sometimes lose something when they go out on tour, but last night sat in the Bristol Hippodrome, you could have been in a Broadway theatre - it's one of the best touring productions to ever come to the city.
(Image: Darren Bell)
Wicked is perfectly cast, with Helen Woolf's portrayal of Glinda just the right mix or irritating and lovable, and Aaron Sidwell's Fiyero - the love interest of the two leading ladies - the perfect side show to the more important theme of friendship.
The costume and set design is incredible, and it particularly comes into focus in Emerald City - a strange world that seems to be a mix of The Capitol in The Hunger Games and Dr Seuss's Whoville - eccentric, surreal and wonderfully captivating.
Wicked is everything musical theatre should be - magical, witty and powerful - and 12 years after it first hit the stage, it just keeps getting better.
Wicked will be showing at the Bristol Hippodrome until March 3. For tickets or more information, visit the Hippodrome's website.
Moonlight Beach Bash, Encinitas's coolest beach party of the year, hits the sand on Saturday, Oct. 7 from 3-6 p.m. Free. All are welcome.
Moonlight Beach Bash brings together art, music, dance, food, fun and beach culture, all the ingredients to have an awesome time at Encinitas' most popular tourist destination, Moonlight Beach. It's the city's first-ever pop-up arts district. Annually, the first Saturday of October celebrates the founding of the City of Encinitas in October 1986. Come celebrate, spend time together with friends and family and enjoy what's typically Encinitas' best beach weather. Round up your friends and head to the Moonlight Beach Bash, Encinitas the biggest beach party of the year.
Activities will include: America's Got Talent semi-finalist Merrick Hanna will dance live on stage at 4:20 p.m. So-Cal reggae greats “The Devastators” will be live in concert from 4:40 p.m. - 6 p.m.
Fern Street Circus presents a show for all ages at 3:45 p.m. San Diego's traveling circus merges the magnificent and the everyday through their performances. They will be joined by the acoustic Gypsy Trio, and will perform hoops, contortion, unicycling, tight wire and foot juggling.
Studio FX performs at 3 p.m. with Hip-hop dances by the Urban Misfits, Syde FX and Urban FX.
Sidewalk chalk artists Gus Moran and Theresa Thorman will create amazing artworks right before your eyes.
Art Miles Mural Project will lead the public in creating two huge painted canvas murals on the beach, about the beach. Fun for all ages.
See a giant sand sculpture being built throughout the event and join in the fun. It's your destination for a great photo opportunity.
Food trucks and Moonlight Beach Deli and Dogs will offer plenty of great eating options. Plus enjoy free giveaways of beach swag and face painting workshops.
Presented by the City of Encinitas Parks, Recreation and Cultural Arts Department.
For more information, visit EncinitasParksandRec.com, call 760-633-2740 or email encinitasparksandrec@encinitasca.gov.
A Warwick drug-dealer has been jailed along with an accomplice after being caught running heroin worth £12,500.
Denver Willis, 33, of Arncliffe Way, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs, along with possession with intent to supply cocaine and production of cannabis.
He was jailed for six years and 10 months for the first charge, and told to serve four months concurrently for the second charge.
His accomplice Ray Brighton, aged 27, of Gifford Road, London, also pleaded guilty to the same charges and was sentenced to seven years for conspiracy to supply drugs and 20 months for possession with intent to supply cannabis.
The men were caught after officers stopped a vehicle just outside Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, in October 2016 and found 248 grams of heroin.
The VW Scirocco was being driven by Sheneil Davis, aged 25, of Wembley Park Drive, London, with Brighton as the front passenger.
The drugs were discovered hidden in a woollen beanie hat. It had a 35 per cent concentration and an approximate street value of £12,500.
An investigation revealed five other similar trips had been made by Brighton between August 2016 and October 2016 to the Northamptonshire area.
During these trips he is alleged to have met with Micah Thomas, aged 28, of Chadwick Gardens, Duston, Northampton, as well as Willis.
When officers subsequently carried out a series of raids in November 2016, they recovered £6,651 in cash, along with smaller quantities of cannabis and class A drugs.
All four were charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs. At trial, Sheneil Davis and Micah Thomas were found not guilty.
Investigator Victoria Stather of Northamptonshire Police said: “I hope the sentences given to Brighton and Willis will serve as a deterrent to others thinking of dealing in drugs. The pair were so brazen in the dealings, hiding drugs in a hat, and freely bringing drugs into the county.
“These jail terms mean no more road trips for them and no more of their harmful drugs making their way into Northants communities.”
A driver who was sentenced to 10 years after killing four occupants of a vehicle will soon be eligible to apply for temporary absence from prison. In my opinion, he is a murderer who should not step outside prison one day before the end of his sentence.
The courts and prisons really need to be a lot tougher on drunk drivers. Far too many children have their lives cut short, far too many families lose loved ones, and far too many people suffer from injuries sustained as a result of being hit by drivers who have chosen to disregard safety.
When a driver is found guilty of drunk driving the first time, his vehicle should be taken away from him for a month, and he should receive a considerable fine. This would act as a deterrent to most drivers. If a drunk driver is caught a second time, there should be automatic jail time with no early release, plus no driving for six months after release. More convictions should mean heavy jail time and a livelong ban on driving.
Top North Korean Official Heads To U.S. To Discuss Possible Summit Preparations continue for a summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-un. David Greene talks to Sue Mi Terry, an ex-senior analyst on Korean issues at the CIA, about the North Korean official.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two teenagers face sentence after a jury convicted them of sexually assaulting a vulnerable boy with a toilet brush handle.
The victim was sexually abused in a toilet at Bristol Children's Hospital by 18-year-old Michaela Murch and another teen, who cannot be named for legal reasons, in April.
The 15-year-old victim had attended the hospital to receive treatment for burns inflicted by his alleged attackers the previous day.
The boy said the pair tried to suffocate him with a plastic bag before later attacking him with a toilet brush.
Murch, 18, of Silbury Road in Ashton, and her co-defendant denied sexually assaulting the boy but were both convicted after a trial – Murch by a majority of 10-2.
Earlier they pleaded guilty to two actual bodily harms and two common assaults while Murch alone pleaded guilty to abduction.
The Recorder of Bristol His Honour Judge Peter Blair QC adjourned sentencing, pending reports, to January 8.
Murch was remanded in custody.
She declined to give evidence on the fourth day of the trial.
Her co-defendant did go into the witness box and alleged it was Murch who had assaulted the 15-year-old boy with the toilet brush handle.
The teen admitted going into the toilet with Murch and the victim, telling the court: “It was his idea. I don't know why he wanted to. I only went in because they asked me to.”
The trio were in the disabled toilet when the alleged assault took place.
The co-defendant told the court that they had picked up the toilet brush and struck the victim twice in the chest with it, causing the handle to snap off.
Having thrown the handle to the ground, the accomplice said Michaela then picked it up and used it to assault the vulnerable boy who was bent over the toilet and had pulled down his trousers “because Michaela told him to”.
The teenager claimed the boy then ran out of the toilet and Murch followed.
The 36-hour ordeal started the day before the alleged sexual assault on April 10, after the boy accompanied the two defendants to visit a relative at St Michael's Hospital near the city centre.
After leaving the premises, the boy claimed he was forced to remove his clothes and run in the street naked.
CCTV footage shown to the jury captured the boy running naked towards Broadmead, flanked by the two defendants.
After being engaged by a concerned member of the public, who reported the incident to the police, the trio walked to Castle Park - where Murch and the accomplice burnt the boy's leg using a lighter and put cigarettes out on his feet.
In a police interview the boy said he was then led to the Galleries where a plastic bag was placed over his head in an attempt to suffocate him.
He said the pair only stopped when he started crying.
The co-defendant told defence lawyer William Rose they were “sorry” for those offences.
The teenager denied sexually assaulting the boy with the toilet brush and claimed it was Murch who had carried out the act.
While I always eagerly await the giant strides computing technology makes with each new year, in 2018 I'm looking forward to some of the smaller revolutions, that may not be quite as flashy, but will have just as profound an effect on the way we use our computers.
Microsoft and Qualcomm's partnership in 2017 to bring ‘always on' laptops with much improved battery lives should really begin to bear fruit in 2018, with a number of powerful Snapdragon 835-powered devices coming throughout the year .
These laptops won't need to connect to Wi-Fi, instead using LTE data, much like smartphones, which will make using them when not connected to your home or work network much safer, and also faster. The potential of 20 hours of battery life is also very impressive.
Other than that, I have an obscenely powerful gaming PC, and I'd really like to see 2018 bring some graphically demanding games that really puts it to the test, and will show why PC is the best platform to play video games on.
Grammy-winning singer Dennis Edwards, an unmistakable voice during legendary act the Temptations' heyday, has died of complications from meningitis, according to his wife of 18 years, Brenda Edwards.
Edwards, who lived in Florissant, Missouri, died Thursday night at a hospital in Chicago. He had been in and out of hospitals since he was diagnosed in May 2017. He would have been 75 on Saturday.
Edwards received a Lifetime Achievement Grammy, given to the Temptations, in 2013 that included original Temptations singer Otis Williams and the survivors of the departed members of the group. The Post-Dispatch profiled Edwards at that time.
Dennis Edwards, dead at age 74, was an Alabama native
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989.
The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards performed at the Ambassador June 2016.
In 1985, Mr. Edwards scored a huge solo hit with "Don't Look Any Further."
-- Kevin C. Johnson, St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Celebrity deaths in 2018: See which famous and notable people died this year
CARBONDALE, Ill. — Kavion Pippen scored 21 points and Armon Fletcher's go-ahead 3-pointer from the left baseline helped propel Southern Illinois to a 65-59 win over Valparaiso on Saturday night.
Fletcher's lone 3 of the night broke a 59-all tie with 44 seconds left, Tyler Smithpeters added two foul shots and Fletcher made 1 of 2 to close out the game. Fletcher finished with 12 points. Tevonn Walker made a pair of free throws with 2:21 to go that gave the Crusaders a 59-56 lead but Valpo never scored again, missing its last five shots. Pippen, who shot 9 of 11 from the field, tied it with 2:10 to go with a 3-point play.
Valpo lead 31-25 at halftime before Southern Illinois (16-9, 8-4 Missouri Valley Conference) outscored the Crusaders 16-10 in the first 7 1/2 minutes after the break and tied it at 41.
Walker led the Crusaders (12-13, 3-9) with 16 points and Bakari Evelyn and Markus Golder each scored 13.
BEIJING — July 2, 2018 — Shineco, Inc. (“Shineco” or the “Company”), a manufacturer and distributor of Chinese herbal medicines, organic agricultural products, specialized textiles, and other health and well-being focused plant-based products in China, announced today the official establishment of its Apocynum Industrial Integration Construction Project (the “Project”) in Bayingolin Mongol (“Bazhou”) Autonomous Prefecture. The Project is operated by the Company's joint venture company, Xinjiang Shineco Taihe Agriculture Technology Ltd. (“Xinjiang Taihe”) and has secured local government approval.
Apocynum is unique among Chinese herbal medicine as it can be used in textiles. The scientific and technological innovations in apocynum planting are expected to improve the ecological impact of cultivation and facilitate the effective protection and sustainable development of apocynum raw materials. These advances are of great significance for improving the vegetation coverage rate of the Tarim River and conserving soil and water. The government of Bazhou stated that the implementation of this project is conducive to improving the ecological environment in parts of Bazhou, increasing employment, and increasing farmers' income and wealth, with major ecological, economic and social benefits.
The Company plans to build 280 greenhouse nursery bases, five modern farms, five mechanical peeling hemp factories, five environmental protection building materials factories, and five theme villages over 3 years. The Company will carry out overall regional planning, and will advance the Project in stages on the basis of scientific agricultural management.
The Project aims to implement the goals of the “National Strategic Plan for Rural Vitalization” in the “19th National Congress” to boost rural incomes and living standards in an effort to combat unbalanced economic development in China. The Project was created to align with the development trends of agriculture in Xinjiang and the demands of the PRC market. Through the establishment of a standardized production demonstration base for apocynum, the improvement of product market competitiveness and comprehensive benefits, and the adjustment and optimization of regional agricultural structure, the Project aims to strengthen the local rural economy and promote the industrialization and commericalization of apocynum projects.
Mr. Yuying Zhang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Shineco, stated, “We utilize the unique local resources in Bazhou to expand and strengthen the globally unique apocynum industrial chain, which we expect to play an important role in promoting the development of the regional economy, alleviate poverty, and improve standards of living for local farmers and herdsmen. In addition, the construction of the apocynum planting area may positively impact the Bazhou local climate and protect the natural ecological environment for the benefit of future generations.”
Mr. Zhang continued, “When the project is completed, we expect to achieve annual output goals for apocynum fabric, apocynum tea, building materials and apocynum honey of 300,000 tons, 20,000 tons, 300,000 cubic meters and 100,000 kilograms respectively. We also expect to attract 100,000 tourists per annum. We estimate that total revenue may reach RMB 12.5 billion with an investment return rate projected at as high as 135.6%.”
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Shineco, Inc.
One of the best things about December's Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle was seeing Karen Gillan kick everyone's butt as the karate expert Ruby Roundhouse. As the actor's castmates attest to in an exclusive behind-the-scenes clip from the movie, Gillan worked seriously hard on the movie, and her effort shows. Ruby Roundhouse is a legit action hero, and the 30-year-old star deserves all the credit for bringing the impressive character to life.
Although for awhile, fans of Robin Williams' 1995 classic Jumanji didn't know what to expect from the sequel. When it was first announced that there'd be a second film, everyone had mixed reactions, to say the least. Some fans wondered if without Williams, a new version of the classic tale would be exciting, or if a sequel would do as well at the box office. But the follow up to Jumanji didn't disappoint, and while the whole cast — which includes The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart — provides a perfect combination of comedy and action, Gillan stands out. As The Rock says of his co-star in the clip, "She 'bout steals the movie."
Most people would agree with the Baywatch star, because when Gillan's insecure character Martha transforms into the video game avatar of Ruby Roundhouse, she instantly becomes the character that everyone wants to root for. It's no surprise that Gillan totally kicks ass in Jumanji, out on Digital, 4k, Blu-Ray, and DVD on March 20, because she's already shown off her skills as Nebula in Guardians of the Galaxy. The actor has had so many action-packed roles that you'd probably expect her to do undercuts in her sleep, but that's not quite the case. In an October interview with Bustle, Gillan said, "I don't know why I keep getting cast in roles where I have to do so many action sequences because honestly, I've got two left feet and I look like a piece of spaghetti trying to fight people, but it keeps on happening."
Sony Pictures Entertainment on YouTube
You wouldn't know that taking people out with roundhouse kicks doesn't come naturally to Gillan after watching Jumanji, and that's because the actor devoted so much time to training for the role. In the film's bonus clip, Black explains that Gillan's role was more demanding than the others. "Karen actually had the hardest gig of all of us because we would rehearse, get a few hours under the belt, do some read-through, do some blocking, and then we would be like 'alright should we hit the beach? We're in Hawaii, let's party,'" Black recalled. To those comments, Gillan would often respond, "'Yeah you guys go on ahead, I've got to go to dance fighting rehearsal.'"
Black agrees with everyone that the hard work paid off though, as he added, "The end result was pretty rad." In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Gillan revealed that Jumanji required even more training than the Guardians of the Galaxy films did — which you can imagine would be a lot. "It required so much rehearsal and I had a lot of help from my stunt double too," the actor said. The final product of this combined effort is truly impressive.
Even if Gillan in real life doesn't practice the Karate mastery that Ruby Roundhouse does, she still found the mashup of identities in Jumanji relatable. "Hardly any of us have complete self-confidence," the actor told Bustle. Because her character in Jumanji combines a badass, Lara Croft-type avatar with an awkward teenager, it's not just a one-dimensional persona. "That's more representative of what females are like. We're very layered," said Gillan.
She's right that everyone has their insecurities and softer spots, and the actor's multi-faceted performance in Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle was a true highlight.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Another item on the president's agenda today - he's going to announce a new head of the Federal Reserve. During a meeting with his Cabinet yesterday, President Trump said, "I think you will be extremely impressed by this person." That's a quote. NPR's John Ydstie reports the likely nominee is Jerome Powell. He's a current Fed governor.
JOHN YDSTIE, BYLINE: The term of the current Fed chair, Janet Yellen, expires early next year. President Trump interviewed a handful of candidates for the job. There are multiple reports he's chosen Powell. Fed watcher Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group, says in choosing Powell, President Trump is choosing continuity with Yellen's approach.
GUS FAUCHER: We've seen rates gradually move up over the past couple of years. And I think that we would continue to see that gradual increase with Governor Powell going to chair.
YDSTIE: Powell, who's a Republican, was first nominated to be a Fed governor by Democrat Barack Obama. Unlike most recent leaders of the Fed, he is not a Ph.D. economist. Powell was trained as a lawyer then went to Wall Street and became an investment banker. He later was a partner at the very highly successful Washington-based private equity firm The Carlyle Group. In addition to setting interest rates, which affect economic growth and job creation, the Fed is an important bank regulator. Powell has been generally supportive of the Dodd-Frank overhaul of regulations following the financial crisis, but Faucher says he may seek some changes.
FAUCHER: Governor Powell has talked about the need to perhaps loosen some of those regulations. So I think that is an area where we might see more significant difference with Chair Yellen.
YDSTIE: Presidential nominees to the Fed must be approved by the Senate. Powell is likely to get that approval, though his similarity to Yellen could irritate some lawmakers who've criticized her leadership. The president could have reappointed the current chair and has been very complimentary of the job Yellen has done. At a Cabinet meeting yesterday, Trump said, I think Yellen is excellent. But the president appears to want to put his own stamp on the Fed, and choosing Jerome Powell could help him do that, even though Powell is more like Yellen than any of the other candidates the president considered.
John Ydstie, NPR News, Washington. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
LAS VEGAS — After his first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
He arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made his presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
"Ruin the whole team, yeah?" Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. "I apologize to Vegas."
Vegas wasn't the only one he apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while he didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, he also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
"He was up front, and he took responsibility, but I said, 'Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since," Gallant said Tuesday. "He doesn't take penalties, he really doesn't."
Reave believes it's been his on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made him an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favourite.
"My fights have gone down every year," Reaves said. "I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here."
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in his hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, he scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
"Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified," Reaves said. "I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure."
4 reasons why India can beat England in England
Nikhil Potnis FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 158 // 04 Jul 2018, 14:03 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
India's tour of England will start on 3rd July and will consist of 3T20I's, 3ODI's and 5 Test Matches
England for India has always been a place which has been the toughest for India to win in. The conditions are alien to the likes of the Indian batsman. India has only once beaten England in England once in 2007 under Rahul Dravid's captaincy. The last time India toured England was forgettable, as India went on to lose the 5 match series 3-1 even after drawing and winning the 1st and 2nd Test match respectively. Although in 2014, for many players England was unfamiliar territory as players like Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma failed to leave a mark but this time the players have gathered plenty of experience playing all over the world.
In the last overseas Test series tour to South Africa, although India lost the series 1-2, there were plenty of positives to take away as India's fast bowling, as well as India's batting, was praised by cricket pundits. This time India has a very good chance to do the impossible- Beat England in England. There are a lot of players who have taken experience in the County circuit like Ishant Sharma, Cheteshwar Pujara, and R.Ashwin. India can feel very optimistic going into this 5 match Test series against England.
So here are 4 reasons why India can beat England in the longest format of the game for only the second time ever.
#4 King Kohli will lead this time
All eyes will be on Kohli as enters the field for the first time in England as captain
Although Virat Kohli had failed miserably the last time India toured England, this time Kohli will be captaining India for the first time in England. He has taken great strides in international cricket since that awful outing. He scored a heap of runs for India in Test matches since being appointed the captain in 2015 following the retirement of MS Dhoni. In the last Test series against England, India steamrolled past their opposition. Kohli scored a record 655 runs in 8 innings which included 1 double century, 2 centuries and 2 fifties.
Kohli was set to play County cricket for the first time in his career as well which would have been perfect for him to get used to the English conditions but an injury to his neck ruled him out. This time Virat Kohli has the perfect opportunity to redeem himself as he has the added responsibility of captaining the side. Thus it will be interesting to see how Kohli performs in England
How your spuds are cooked is key to your health. People who eat fried potatoes two or more times a week double their risk of an early death compared to those who avoid them, a recent study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found.
Eating potatoes that have not been fried was not linked to a similar early mortality risk, the researchers noted.
“Fried potatoes consumption is increasing worldwide,” warned Dr. Nicola Veronese, lead author of the study and a scientist at the National Research Council in Padova, Italy.
In 2014, Americans consumed 112.1 pounds of potatoes per person, according to the National Potato Council. Of that total, 33.5 pounds were fresh potatoes, the remaining 78.5 pounds were processed. According to the US Department of Agriculture, the majority of processed potatoes Americans eat are French fries.
Trans fats in fried potatoes
Veronese and his colleagues have been tracking 4,440 people aged 45 to 79 over a period of eight years to study osteoarthritis. This research team decided to momentarily set aside the main issue of osteoarthritis and look at participants' consumption of potatoes.
Even though most of us may have assumed that fried potatoes could be unhealthy for us, there is “very limited” scientific data on this issue, Veronese explained in an email.
So the researchers divided study participants into subgroups based on how frequently they ate potatoes each week. Over the eight years, a total of 236 of the participants died. Analyzing the data for each group, Veronese and his team found that those who ate fried potatoes two to three times each week doubled their chance of dying early compared to those who ate no fried potatoes.
French fries, potato chips, hash browns — and any other preparation requiring a fryer — are all included under the umbrella of “fried potatoes,” Veronese explained.
Age or sex of participants did not influence the result, but the data showed men were more likely than women and younger participants were more likely than older participants to enjoy the fried food.
The study is observational, meaning the researchers simply tracked the behavior of a group of people and found an association between one behavior — eating fried potatoes — and another factor — early death. Because it is an observational study, Veronese and his co-authors note it cannot be said that eating fried potatoes directly causes an early mortality — it would require more research to draw such a firm conclusion.
“Even if it is an observational study, we believe that the cooking oil, rich in trans-fat, is an important factor in explaining mortality in those eating more potatoes,” said Veronese. Trans fat has been shown to raise the “bad,” or LDL, cholesterol in the blood, which can lead to cardiovascular disease.
Yet, he also added that “other important factors,” including obesity, a sedentary lifestyle and use of high quantities of salt might also play a role in the early death of those eating two or more portions of fried potatoes each week.
National Potato Council CEO John Keeling said the “study isn't relevant to the general population” since the data was collected for an osteoarthritis study and includes only patients with arthritis. “Potatoes are inherently a very healthy vegetable,” said Keeling in an email. He said a medium-sized potato is 110 calories, has no fat, no sodium, no cholesterol, and provides nearly a third of the daily vitamin C requirement with more potassium than a banana.
“How the potato is prepared will impact the calorie, fat and sodium content,” said Keeling, however the basic nutrients remain “no matter how it is prepared.”
Based on the data in the study, Keeling said, “it is very much a stretch to brand fried potatoes, or any other form of potato, as unhealthy.”
Susanna Larsson, an associate professor at the Institute of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden, noted that the new study provides “no evidence” that potato consumption in and of itself may increase the risk of an early death. Larsson was not involved in the new study. Instead, it may be the “other factors” suggested by Veronese himself.
“Fried potato consumption may be an indicator of a less healthy (Western) dietary pattern which is associated with increased mortality,” said Larsson, who also conducted a study of potato consumption. Her study did not find an increased risk of cardiovascular disease linked to eating potatoes.
Understanding acrylamide
The potential danger when eating fried starchy foods, such as French fries, is acrylamide, said Stephanie Schiff, a registered dietitian at Northwell Health's Huntington Hospital in Huntington, New York. Schiff was not involved in the study.
Acrylamide is “a chemical produced when starchy foods such as potatoes are fried, roasted or baked at a high temperature,” explained Schiff in an email. The browning process is actually a reaction that produces this chemical one shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals and considered toxic to humans, said Schiff. Acrylamide is also a potential cause of cancer, she said.
“You can reduce your intake of acrylamide by boiling or steaming starchy foods, rather than frying them,” said Schiff. “If you do fry foods, do it quickly.”
She also suggested you “go lighter” since “the darker the food, the more acrylamide it may contain.”
Finally, Schiff said that potatoes should not be stored in the refrigerator because this could lead to producing more acrylamide when the potatoes are later cooked.
“Increase your intake of fruits and vegetables for a healthier alternative,” said Schiff.
Veronese said he hopes his new study will suggest to everyone that consuming fried potatoes “could be an important risk factor for mortality. Thus, their consumption should be strongly limited.”
By Susan Scutti
Headphones are game-changers for travel. From noise-canceling sets to barely-there Bluetooth ones ready to stow in your bag, let's put it this way: If you're on the go a lot, you need the best travel headphones.
Specs aside, you'll obviously want a lightweight, comfortable pair that won't take up a lot of space. But that doesn't mean you should ignore your specific headphone needs. For instance, do you crave stellar sound quality for listening to music? Or are you comfortable with sacrificing top-grade audio to save some money? Are wireless capabilities must-haves? Traveling will be so much easier with headphones you actually want to use and take with you.
Here's where I should mention that input requirements have changed for iPhone users since Apple decided to abandon its traditional headphone jack for an all-in-one lightning port on iPhone-8-and-beyond models. As such, some of the below best headphones might require a converter, but no big deal — you can get one here. If you wan't to totally avoid the hassle and you're not keen on Bluetooth options, just be sure the pair you select is, indeed, compatible with wherever you plan to plug in. Without further ado, let's dive into your options!
1 Noise-Canceling Headphones That Fit Comfortably Over Ears Amazon COWIN, E7 Active Noise Canceling Bluetooth Headphones $70 AmazonBuy Now In terms of sound quality, these noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones have it all. Their over-ear design features NFC technology that seals in your music while actively blocking out surrounding noise. The powerful, 40-millimeter aperture drivers inside the 90-degree swiveling ear cups create stunning sound that will last for up to 30 hours per charge. Of course, they can be used when plugged in, but their noise-blocking Bluetooth capabilities definitely give them a travel edge that warrants their higher price. For superior sound, active-noise-canceling, and a built-in mic, they're worth it, amirite? Plus, you can get them in other colors including blue, purple, red, and white.
2 Bluetooth Earbuds With A Unique Neckband That Folds Up Amazon AMORNO, Foldable Bluetooth Headphones $37 AmazonBuy Now These foldable Bluetooth headphones offer an innovative design that — thanks to an attached ergonomic and sweat-proof silicone neckband — eases the pressure on your ears, giving them a super lightweight feel. Unlike traditional earbuds that are prone to tangling, these actually retract into the flexible neckband with the push of a button, making them perfect to drape around your backpack or fold up and tuck into your luggage. And since you can pull out just enough cord for a truly custom fit, there won't be any awkward draping as you listen. In addition to handy design specs, they also feature noise-canceling technology with Hi-Fi sound, speedy Bluetooth pairing — up to 32 feet — and a cool vibrating alert that lets you know when you have an incoming message or call.
3 Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds That Are An Affordable Alternative To Apple's Airpods Amazon Chunnuo, Wireless Earbuds $40 AmazonBuy Now With a super sleek carrying case that also doubles as a portable charger, these ultra compact Bluetooth headphones are the perfect accessory to toss in your bag when you travel — and, yes, they're an affordable, universal alternative to Apple's $159 AirPods. Requiring no cords at all (though they do come with two for charging, just in case), they're literally wireless and make it easy to share your tunes with a friend or hop on a call using the built-in mic. Expect quick device pairing, quality sound, and up to two hours of operating battery life within a vast, 33-foot working range.
4 A Headband-Headphone Hybrid That's Easier To Sleep In Amazon CozyPhones, Sleep Headphones $20 AmazonBuy Now If you're someone who likes to nap during travel, you will adore this unique, cozy earphone headband. Featuring thin, removable noise-reducing speakers, the washable band — which is made of breathable mesh that won't leave your ears hot and sticky — provides sound quality you'll want to curl up with. This one-size hybrid pair comes with a lengthy 52-inch braided cord that's super durable and won't get tangled. But don't forget that it's a two-in-one! Removing the speakers morphs this $20 product into a headband you can use to wash your face or even keep your ears warm in cooler weather. After something a little higher end? Try the similar, albeit $100 SleepPhones headband.
Los Angeles Chargers defensive end Joey Bosa elected to not undergo offseason surgery to help repair his dislocated finger, according to NFL Media and television sideline reporter Alex Flanagan.
Bosa came out of Sunday's preseason opener against the Seattle Seahawks late in the first quarter favoring his elbow, but no injury was reported at the time of publication.
Flanagan did confirm that the finger injury he suffered in Week 8 against the Denver Broncos “is still dislocated.”
Having healthy hands can be integral for defensive ends like Bosa, who utilize their hands a lot when getting past offensive lineman.
However, the former Ohio State Buckeye said that the recovery time for the surgery caught him a little off-guard and was a big reason for him postponing it.
“I really didn't know that it was a six-week surgery until about a month into the offseason,” Bosa said. “It's something that I'm not really worried about, and I'll deal with it when the season is over.”
The last thing you want to find coming home on a Sunday afternoon is a swarm of some 20,000 bees covering your car. But that's exactly what happened to Shirley Taylor from Hull, UK just this weekend.
The whole block went into involuntary lockdown as the swarm of bees literally took over the bonnet of Taylor's car, and stung several people in the process. But bees are really precious insects, so all they could do was steer clear and call the local beekeepers to the rescue.
Swarming is a seasonal process that honeybees go through when their existing colony becomes too large, and a new queen bee leaves it with a huge group of worker bees in tow. The swarm picks an interim spot to hang out for a few hours and sends out scout bees to look for a suitable new home, typically a tree cavity.
It's a dangerous process for bee swarms to be travelling out in the open in search of a new nest. They can't pack a lunch and have to subsist on whatever honey and nectar they've gobbled down in preparation for the trip - if they don't find a new home in time, the whole swarm can even starve.
To rescue the swarm, Mrs Taylor and her car, the chairman of the local Beverley Beekeeper's Association Chris Coulson was called into action.
At first it wasn't clear why the bees chose the blue Nissan car and he and a colleague were trying to determine whether this was just a temporary stop or a new nesting site.
But as the bees moved to the inside of the bonnet, filling every nook and cranny, things got more serious.
"They're building a lot of wax in there now, and of course once they start doing that, they're reluctant to leave it, because it's the start of building a house. They put a lot of effort into producing the wax," Coulson told Hull Daily Mail.
"I've got a feeling this might be their chosen permanent home."
To capture a swarm and take it away, beekeepers can use bee larvae and eggs inside a large box - as the honeybees sense these larvae, they move in to cover and protect them, and the whole swarm ends up safely nested inside to be moved to a more appropriate location.
"We will be working for as long as we can to get the bees out, but it's going to be a long process," said Coulson.
We're still waiting to hear on whether every last bee has been moved from Mrs Taylor's car, who says she only bought it last September and was hoping to avoid any damage to it.
Weirdly enough, it's not even the first time bees in the UK have demonstrated a weird car obsession. Just last year, thousands of bees chased a poor woman in a Mitsubishi Outlander for two whole days.
Beekeepers trapped the swarm and took it back to the local national park where the bees had first showed up and started following the car. But that wasn't the end of it. The very next day, the swarm was back, buzzing all over the car again to the surprise and amusement of the beekeepers.
They hypothesised that the queen bee could have been trapped in the boot of the car or at least left its pheromones on it, making the vehicle an irresistible attraction that had to be followed at all costs.
While these misplaced bee swarms are unusual cases, swarming itself happens regularly, so you may end up facing a buzzing ball of bees yourself. If that ever happens, remember that these important pollinators should not be harmed.
Instead, look for information from your local council on whom to contact in case of a bee emergency. After all, they're just looking for a new home, and it's not their fault that they look really terrifying while doing it.
via GIPHY
Residents were treated to a traditional Burns Night supper at a Peterborough care home.
The residents at the Longueville Court care home in Orton Longueville were even treated to the sounds of a piper, who played traditional singalongs such as Auld Lang Syne for the special meal.
The residents, families and staff enjoyed listening to Burns' poems that were read over a hearty meal of Scotch Broth, haggis with neeps and tatties which was finished off nicely with a traditional Tipsy Laird dessert.
A spokesman for Barchester Healthcare, who run the home, said: “Longueville Court's Scottish residents were especially thrilled to see the traditional piper in full attire, it evoked many memories that they were all able to share.”
March Town United completed a miserable festive programme with a 1-0 home defeat at the hands of King's Lynn Town Reserves in the First Division of the Thurlow Nunn Eastern Counties League today (January 2).
A first-half goal settled the destination of the points. The Hares are 16th in the table having also lost 4-1 at local rivals Wisbech St Mary on Boxing Day.
Wisbech St Mary couldn't build on that win though. They went down 6-0 at Haverhill Borough today.
RESULTS
THURLOW NUNN EASTERN COUNTIES LEAGUE
Division One
Haverhill Borough 6, Wisbech St Mary 0
March Town United 0, King's Lynn Town 1
Listen To NPR Music's Favorite Songs & Albums Of 2018 (So Far)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack McKain/Courtesy of the artist Jack McKain/Courtesy of the artist
We're hitting the middle of summer, so you're either on a beach with a cooler and extra sunscreen (reapply every two hours!), or making that dollar at work and staying cool in air conditioning, counting down the hours to a neighborhood cookout and perhaps a nice glass of rosé.
In any case, you need some new tunes. Lucky for y'all, we just published our 35 Favorite Songs and 40 Favorite Albums of 2018 (So Far). Both are available here in playlist form. That's a solid five hours of everything from Ella Mai's slinky bop "Boo'd Up" and Leon Bridges' dancefloor-ready "If It Feels Good (Then It Must Be)" to album selections from Courtney Barnett's raging Tell Me How You Really Feel and Khruangbin's indelibly groovy Con Todo El Mundo.
So fire up that phone and hit that follow button. We got you.
In 1977 Leeds hosted the UK's first ever Reclaim the Night march. Now 40 years on, it's the inspiration for a new performance in a city centre car park. Sarah Freeman reports.
In the November of 1977 a shadow hung over Leeds. While no one yet knew his name, Peter Sutcliffe had already killed six women and seven more would die before he was finally arrested.
The lives of everyone in the city were touched by the Yorkshire Ripper. Most knew someone who had been questioned by the ever desperate detectives and women were advised not to walk alone after dark.
It was the latter that in part prompted the UK's first ever Reclaim the Night march. A similar event had taken place in German towns and cities earlier in the year and as winter arrived the Leeds Revolutionary Feminist Group decided to act. Al Garthwaite remembers it well.
“We all knew what it was to feel harassed and to feel vulnerable when walking at night and Peter Sutcliffe wasn't the only threat,” says the Leeds councillor. “We decided to organise two marches, one from Hyde Park and one from Chapeltown and then I suggested that we encourage feminists groups throughout the country to march on the same night.
“We wanted to fight back against the widespread acceptance of women as fair game for abusive and violent men and it did feel like we achieved something.”
At 10pm on November 12 that year, women gathered in 12 different towns and cities and began their after dark march. Some were carrying banners proclaiming ‘No Curfew on Women, Curfew on Men', while others simply chanted ‘Reclaim the Night' as they went.
“There were about 60 women on each of the Leeds marches,” remembers Al. “As I recall, the sole police officer who turned up at the Chapeltown march rapidly radioed for assistance when she saw our numbers, and our flaming torches.
“As we marched up North Street, a dark and seedy place compared with today. Men coming out of a pub shouted obscenities and tried to harass, but reeled back as we advanced on them, flaming torches at the ready. That was a satisfying moment.”
The Reclaim the Night marches continued for more than a decade before fizzling out in the early 1990s. However, the event was revived in 2004 and it is also the inspiration for The Darkest Corners, a new work by Leeds theatre company RashDash, which will be performed in a car park on the outskirts of the city centre this week.
“Unfortunately the issues those women marched against 40 years ago haven't gone away,” says Abbi Greenland, who is one half of RashDash along with Helen Goalen. “We all have a thing we do when we are out alone at night. Some might already have 999 tapped into their phone as a precaution, others always have their keys always to hand so they feel armed.
“When Helen and I first began talking about it, we thought they might just be our own quirks, but as we spoke to other women we realised that not only is it something we all too, but also that everyone had a story of either being followed or being hassled.”
Part cabaret, part physical theatre and with a helping of live music, The Darkest Corners, which is part of the Transform 17 festival, also takes its lead from global female activists including Diana The Hunter – the Mexican ‘vigilante' who shot and killed two bus drivers following the sexual abuse of female passengers.
“We wanted to perform it somewhere people would feel uncomfortable to go at night, so that's why we chose a car park in Holbeck,” says Helen. “In January five million took to the streets in what was the largest ever march to protect women's rights and this is our way of celebrating the fearless women who have stood together over the last 40 years.”
The Darkest Corners, Globe Road, Holbeck, April 20 to 22. transformfestival.org
New Delhi: Bollywood's Khiladi Akshay Kumar wished his fans a Happy New Year and soon after that he did what none of the superstars has ever attempted. Akki had an impressive 2016 and he is all gung-ho about making this year as exciting.
Akshay took to Twitter and shared the first look posters of his films lined-up for release in 2017. Akki will be seen in not just one or two films but as many as four. He will star in 'Padman', '2.0', 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' and 'Jolly LLB 2'.
Excited? Well, looks like Akshay is going to have a packed 2017.
Let's set the ball rolling!
Fed Slaps Unusual Penalty On Wells Fargo Following 'Widespread Consumer Abuses'
Enlarge this image toggle caption CX Matiash/AP CX Matiash/AP
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is her last day as head of the Fed when she steps down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
RESIDENTS housed in temporary council accommodation will have their homes demolished when work on Market Street begins later this year.
Last week, the Newbury Weekly News reported that work to construct a new bus station in the Wharf would begin next month and is scheduled to take six months.
The newspaper also reported that temporary accommodation owned by West Berkshire Council would be demolished in phase one of the project.
The NWN was contacted by a Highfield Avenue resident, who said that her housing officer had not been informed of any developments regarding Market Street.
Furthermore, no notice has been served by contractors at this stage.
The council has since said that work on Market Street is expected to begin in November.
In a letter to Newbury MP Richard Benyon, the resident said: “The irony is that four houses which provide temporary accommodation for the council (meaning that the council is the landlord and not a housing association) are being demolished with no alternative housing being provided/available."
In response, council spokesman Martin Dunscombe said: “The regeneration of Market Street is a flagship project for the town and something which has been widely promoted locally.
“Local residents will have been aware of the plans for some time and, as such, the announcement made this/last week will not have come as a surprise to residents in Highfield Avenue.
“We take our responsibilities to the families we support very seriously.
“The support in place now will continue after the Highfield Avenue properties become unavailable.
“Once residents are given notice, which is expected soon, they will have seven months before they have to leave, with work expected to start on site in November.
“Until then, they will be able to remain in their homes and we will work with them to put alternative arrangements in place.”
Mr Dunscombe added that representatives from West Berkshire Council and Grainger had since contacted the resident to discuss the project, which will see 232 rented flats built, a multi-storey car park and the relocation of the bus station.
YOU spend more time in primary school than a murderer spends in prison before he gets the opportunity of parole.
That's the stark message from the heartbroken family of murdered Carlow woman Ciara Campbell, who are campaigning for tougher life sentences.
Ciara's son Jamie and her parents Paidi Campbell and Micheál Cunnigham were robbed of their mother and daughter when she was savagely murdered by her ex-boyfriend Gordon Molloy in November 2007 at her home in Ardmore Gardens, Carlow.
They have joined a group of families who have also been devastated by the murder of loved ones to form the Sentencing and Victim Equality (SAVE) group.
They are campaigning for a minimum tariff on life sentences before a murderer can be paroled.
Gordon Molloy from Ballickmoyler was sentenced to life in prison in 2009 but has already been before a parole board, although he was unsuccessful.
The murdered woman's mum Paidi Campbell told The Nationalist: “Gordon Molloy got sentenced to life, but we the family are the ones living it. Life is not life for him; it's just a couple of years. You spend more time in primary school than you do to get parole.”
Mr Molloy had met Ciara two years beforehand and they had broken up a month before her murder.
He stabbed and killed the 22-year-old woman in front of her then four-year-old son Jamie. He then attempted to have sex with her body before dumping her in a bath tub.
SAVE is also campaigning for convicted murderers to be automatically placed on the sex offenders' list if there is a sexual element to the crime.
Ms Campbell fears that if released, her daughter's murderer will strike again. He has never expressed remorse to Ciara's family.
“It's a certainty that he will do it again. Another young woman will be put at risk. The reason for killing Ciara was that she didn't want to go out with him at all. That was his justification. If he couldn't have her, no-one else could',” said Ms Campbell.
“It was a totally premeditated murder. He had told his friends in advance. He had threatened Ciara and he had waited all night for her to come home. The fact that he is going to serve on average 14 to 17 years … he would be still under 40 years of age when he gets out.”
The murder has devastated the family. Jamie is being raised by his grandparents. He attended counselling for years after his mother's death.
“There are days you just want the world to go away,” added Ms Campbell. “But you have to go on, there is no other choice. Thankfully, we had Jamie to look after, so you have to get up and look after him. Your heart is breaking inside and you just want to sit and cry, but you have to put a smile on your face and go play with Lego.”
The core members of SAVE are from Carlow and Kilkenny and include Ballinkillen's Kathleen Chada, whose sons Ruairí and Eoghan were killed by their father Sanjeev, and Angela Doyle Stuart from Bagenalstown, whose sister Lisa was killed by her fiancé Gerard O'Hara.
SAVE intends lobbying politicians to achieve its goals. Families who have been similarly affected and who are looking for advice or want to join SAVE can contact the group at save.ie@hotmail.com or 087 1252395.
“The resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn did little to calm the chaos at the White House, where staff spent Tuesday scrambling to deflect blame for the rising scandal about Flynn's contacts with Russian officials—including who knew what about the conversations and when,” Politico reports.
“Other ongoing controversies intruded on the White House's ability to impose its own narrative on the Flynn situation, adding to the sense of confusion in Trump's Washington.”
For members: Some Questions Surrounding Flynn's Resignation
Independence Day 2018 is falling in the middle of the week but there are still plenty of events to attend in celebration of America.
Music Under the Stars
Former Las Cruces Police Officer Frank Ray will be performing at Music Under the Stars kicking off on July 4 at Cohen Stadium. Doors open at 4 p.m. and the show starts at 7. There will be a fireworks finale. Find out more here.
Pop Goes the Fort
Fort Bliss will be holding it's 8th Annual "Pop Goes the Fort" at Biggs Park. Gates will open at 4 p.m. The show starts with a Cannon Salute at 5:30 p.m. with a Cannon Salute to the Union. That will be followed by performances by 1AD Band, Sun City Quintet and El Paso Symphony Orchestra at 7:30 p.m. There will be fireworks after that.
Fort Bliss officials ask the public to not bring pets, glass or outside alcohol. There will be ATMs onsite plus food trucks. Call 588-8247 for more information.
Independence Day Golf Tournament
Underwood Golf Course is holding a July 4 tournament. It will start at 8 a.m. $40 includes greens fee, cart, lunch and prizes. You have to register by July 3 in the Pro Shop or by calling 568-1059.
12th Annual Fourth of July 5K Run/Walk
Race starts at 7:04 a.m. in the Rudolph Plaza Shopping Center at 3233 N. Mesa, suite 205. Participants can register at the event for $25. All participants will receive a patriotic t-shirt. Beverages, watermelon and hot dogs will be available at the finish line. Find out more here.
July Electric Light Parade
“Illuminate the Sky” is the theme for the 2018 Fourth of July Electric Light Parade in Las Cruces. The parade will be led this year by, Barbara Hubbard, more affectionately known as “Mother Hubbard." The Electric Light Parade begins at 9 p.m. Tuesday, July 3 at Apodaca Park, 801 E. Madrid Ave. It will travel south on Solano Drive, east on Hadley Avenue, and end at the Maag Softball Complex.
There is still time to join the parade. Commercial and non-commercial groups, and car and motorcycle clubs are encouraged to participate. There are no entry or participation fees; some restrictions apply. Anyone interested in joining the parade can contact Parks & Recreation at (575) 541-2550. Trophies will be awarded for first-place through third-place in the commercial and non-commercial categories, and the best overall float trophy awarded as well. Floats will be judged on originality, depiction of the theme, and effective use of lights.
5th Annual Independence Day Extravaganza
Socorro is holding its 5th Annual Independence Day Extravaganza. It's a free event Saturday, June 30 from 5 p.m. to 11 p.m. There will be live performances, interactive inflatable rides, food trucks, a beer garden, glow-in-the-dark parades and the largest fireworks show in the county. Call (915) 860-8615 for more information.
Fireworks at Western Playland
The amusement park will be open from 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. on July 4 and the fireworks show starts at 9:30 p.m.
Freedom Festival
Harvest Christian Center is holding its annual Freedom Festival July 4. John Mark McMillan and Social Club Misfits will be performing. Doors open at 5 p.m. and the show starts at 6 p.m.
Parking will be up and down street at Brown Middle School and at Helen of Troy.
The event is outdoors in the parking lot so bring lawn chairs. There will be food trucks and fireworks after the concert.
38th Annual Fourth of July People's Parade
The yearly parade will travel down Montwood and Yarbrough from its starting point of Hanks High School, then north to Album Avenue, where it ends at Eastwood (Album) Park. The parade is sponsored by the El Paso del Norte Lions club and begins at 9 a.m.
Washington (CNN) — Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director.
Coats will also meet with members of the Senate intelligence committee Thursday, one week after his tense grilling by the panel, according to a committee source.
It is the most significant sign yet that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The White House declined to comment, referring questions to Kasowitz.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
A spokesman for the DNI declined to comment to CNN.
Trump wrote in his letter firing Comey that the ousted FBI director had informed him on three separate occasions he was not under investigation. The President has stressed he was not under investigation, and has taken to Twitter to dismiss the entire investigation as a hoax.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
The report that Trump himself is being scrutinized for obstruction of justice served to undercut Trump's claims.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and he was therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the President was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee, wrote a letter to Chairman Chuck Grassley calling for the judiciary committee to establish its own investigation into obstruction of justice.
Grassley on Tuesday stopped short of ruling out establishing a congressional investigation into the question of whether Trump obstructed justice.
CHICOPEE - A Holyoke man accused of driving across a lawn and over some stairs before crashing into a parked car was arrested on his fourth drunken driving charge Monday.
Daniel Robert, 56, of 27 Gates St., was arrested at about 5:50 p.m. and charged with drunken driving, fourth offense, and reckless operation of a motor vehicle, said Michael Wilk, police public information officer.
Robert lost control of his pickup truck and drove over the lawn at 48 Sanders St., bumping over stairs and then striking a Honda of a worker who was delivering food, he said.
The owner of the Honda was not in the car at the time and was warned by another witness of the crash to "Get out of the way, he is drunk." The Honda was badly damaged in the crash, Wilk said.
When Officer Eric Sunny arrived he spoke to Robert, who was still in his truck. He allegedly smelled of alcohol, his speech was slurred and he was unsteady on his feet. He also did not have a valid Massachusetts license, Wilk said.
Robert was arrested and held on $1,040 bail. He is expected to be arraigned in Chicopee District Court Tuesday.
Port Alberni RCMP are looking for a green 1999 Ford F250 diesel pickup truck, as it was taken without the owner's consent. The truck was last seen between 1 and 2 p.m. on Wednesday, March 14 at The Liquor Depot store on Johnston Rd.
The truck is described as a short box pickup with an extended cab. It has an attached front end winch with LED lights on either side of it. The truck is lifted a few inches and bears the BC licence plate 8384 EC.
Anyone who knows the whereabouts of this truck or the person operating it is asked to contact the Port Alberni RCMP at 250-723-2424 or Alberni Valley Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
Reporter's Notebook: In Small-Town Russia, 'Football Is My Life'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
My father parks the car and gestures toward the ground-level window of a squat red-brick apartment building, pocked with jutted-out balconies.
"This was my room," he says. "Mom would send me off to do homework, but I'd go quietly to the window — hop! — and off to the stadium."
As in: a few leaps to cross the street, jump the fence and there you are.
"We had no other life except for school, mandatory, and everything else was at the stadium," he says. This was his Soviet Union in the 1960s. Hockey in the winter, soccer in the summer. (Though, of course, my Russian father would never call football "soccer.")
Millions of Russian adults and children play soccer. In covering the World Cup, I asked dozens of Russians how long they've been watching or following soccer. It's been so long, many couldn't remember. Since elementary school? Maybe since middle school? One young woman said she was born wrapped in a football flag.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
In my father's hometown of Otradny ("Joyful," pop. 50,000), the stadium is about 50 miles from the brand-new Samara Arena hosting some of this year's World Cup matches. He now lives in Samara, but we've returned to meet one of his best friends from childhood, whose whole life has been devoted to the sport.
The two of them grew up in apartments next door to each other. Both are named Aleksandr, both are the same age. In the 1970s, they both played for the town soccer team called "Neftyanik" ("Oilworker," after the profession that created this town after World War II).
My father's friend, Aleksandr Purgayev, is still on that team — he's the coach.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
"Football is my life, it's everything," Purgayev says, standing over the desk in his office piled with black-and-white photos of young men in jerseys posing with or rushing after a soccer ball.
Trophies and plaques are propped up everywhere there's a flat surface. More of them are downstairs, by the main entrance, glistening in a grand display case.
His team is one of the best in the region. They win so many tournaments that Purgayev has to put on glasses and read the engraving to recall what each trophy is for. Players regularly go on to professional leagues and become coaches; one guy became a goalkeeper on the national team for beach soccer.
Here in Otradny, the players do get paid, but they're amateurs with other day jobs. Except for Purgayev, for whom soccer is the day job.
"For a long time now, all my family has understood," he says, "my wife and kids, they know — they used to say, 'You and your football!' but now they say, 'Dad is at work.' "
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
Purgayev and my father both say there probably isn't a single Russian guy who's never watched a match. Purgayev says their town games draw all kinds of people — up to a thousand in the stands — a lot of retired men, sure, but also girls, women with children.
As far as sport goes, soccer is pretty accessible. It doesn't require expensive equipment, just some shoes and a patch of dirt. It's just something you do as a kid, during recess in school, with friends in the yard, or in today's case, a fancy field.
On one side of Otradny's stadium is a cluster of tiny children, maybe 5 or 6 years old, kicking the ball around. On another side, a tall man towers over a squad of teenagers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
His name is Valeriy Kruntiayev. His own soccer career had started here before he went off to several football academies, played semi-pro and pro, got an education degree and came back to train the next generation — and play on Purgayev's adult team.
"I remember when I was little," Kruntiayev says, "we had a shortage of players and our coach went to different schools and talked to boys, trying to convince them to come to practice. But now we don't have such a problem, we might get 30, 40, even 50 people coming. Everyone wants to train."
The changing room bursts into raucous laughter when Krutniayev summons one member of the team to talk to the reporter lady. The team is all teenage boys, except for one, who's a teenage girl.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
Amir Tabarov comes bounding out. He's 14 and the captain of the team. He tells me his favorite players are Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo, Brazil's Ronaldinho — and his older brother, who is currently on Otradny's adult men's team and inspired him to get into soccer.
The World Cup is motivation to try to make it onto Russia's national team in time for the next tournament, Tabarov says. "It'll be in four years, I'll be 18 years old," he says. "Maybe I'll be representing Russia."
Coach Kruntiayev is wearing a "Russia 2018 FIFA World Cup" T-shirt at today's practice — he says he's been using the matches as material for training and has even overheard the little preschoolers discussing the games.
"You watch TV and think it's like a parallel universe that you'll never see or know except on TV," he says. "But here you realize [the famous players] are real, and here they are in Samara. You can go there and see."
From Moonscape To Lush: Photographs Capture California Drought's Story
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
In California, an extremely wet winter put an end to the state's record-breaking drought. Heavy rainfall also produced welcome spring scenes — like replenished reservoirs and fields in bloom.
"It's a completely different look," says Justin Sullivan, a Getty Images photographer who took before-and-after style photos of drought-stricken areas. "It's just like a velvety green, lush landscape now — compared to just dry, brown, almost like a moonscape before."
Sullivan's photos show how one of the wettest winters on record is bringing the land back to life. In early 2014, Sullivan documented the drought at its worst. He shot photos from a helicopter above reservoirs like Lake Oroville.
"It's a little surprising to see the recessed water in reservoirs that reveals banks that are 50, 60, 100 feet tall," he says on NPR's Morning Edition. "They look like little mini-mountains and then a little river running through them."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Fast-forward to this spring.
Earlier this month, California Gov. Jerry Brown declared an end to the state's drought emergency. Now, many of those desolate landscapes Sullivan captured look completely different. So he went back and tried to re-create the same shots.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
"We just wanted to show the contrast," he says, adding that it was a tricky assignment. "Obviously, landscapes change over the course of three years. Trees grow bigger. So it was difficult to just remember in your mind exactly what lens you used and how you approached it."
Sullivan downloaded the 2014 images onto his iPad and brought it with him when he shot the "after" photos. In trying to re-create the exact same frame, Sullivan had some luck on his side.
In one side-by-side set of photos, the 2014 version shows a man walking his dog. The man is surrounded by dead grass, with the San Francisco skyline in the background. When Sullivan returned to the (now green, grassy) hillside this year, he was able to snap a photo of a woman walking another dog in almost the exact same spot.
"Sometimes they just work out perfectly," he says.
TOURISTS flocking to Yorkshire to see the third running of the county's annual cycle race will help create what officials are expecting to be a record period of trade this spring.
With two bank holiday weekends falling just a fortnight apart, many workers will be able to take an 18-day break by using just nine days of their annual leave allowance between Good Friday on April 14 and the May Day holiday on May 1.
The quirk of the 2017 calendar means Yorkshire and other destinations holding events during the period could see a boost in visitors. The weekend-long Tour de Yorkshire cycle race from April 29 will be at the top of many tourists' agendas, the agency VisitBritain said.
Celebrations to mark the anniversary of William Shakespeare's birthday in Stratford-upon-Avon, on April 22 and 23, and the six-day Cheltenham Jazz Festival from April 26, are also expected to draw large crowds.
VisitBritain director Patricia Yates said: “Record numbers of Brits have been taking holidays at home this year and we anticipate that this will continue in 2017 due to the certainty of budgeting for a domestic holiday and the sheer diversity of events and attractions on offer.
“The Easter break and May bank holiday weekend are a chance for people to make the most of their annual leave dates and enjoy a great British holiday, whether on a seaside, countryside or city break.”
Holidaymakers will also be able to take advantage of favourable holiday dates next Christmas. With December 23 and 24 falling on a weekend, many workers will be able to enjoy 10 days off between Christmas and New Year by booking just three days off from December 27-29.
Bank holidays do not have to be given as paid leave, meaning employers can choose to include them as part of their employees' annual allowance.
State-owned power utility Eskom has failed to bring any substantial evidence to support charges against its suspended acting chief executive and former head of generation‚ Matshela Koko.
This is according to Koko's own closing submissions filed to the chairman of the hearing on Monday‚ in which he reiterates his not guilty plea and sets out his closing arguments in detail. Koko relies heavily on two documents – one a memo he drafted and presented to former CEO Brian Molefe and another‚ an e-form he printed out and handed to former board chairman Dr Ben Ngubane‚ in which he says he detailed the issues surrounding the possible conflict of interest arising from his stepdaughter Koketso Choma's directorship and shareholding in Impulse International.
In March this year‚ the Sunday Times revealed that Impulse was awarded a string of contracts worth nearly R1-billion while Koko was acting CEO‚ but Koko has submitted that Eskom could produce no evidence at the hearing or during forensic investigations that he had any influence over the awarding of the contracts.
He has labelled the reports “false”.
Koko was charged with‚ among other alleged offences‚ failing to appropriately declare the potential conflict of interest.
Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year Pentagon officials say starting on Jan. 1, 2018, transgender people can enlist in the U.S. military. President Trump has opposed allowing transgender people to serve, but the Pentagon decision comes as courts are ruling against efforts to bar transgender enlistment.
President Trump's first public reaction to the cancellation of “Roseanne” is a shot at Disney CEO Bob Iger.
What he didn't say is just as notable. He didn't say anything critical of Roseanne Barr's racist and conspiratorial tweets — the comments that got her fired on Tuesday.
Instead, he tweeted this on Wednesday: “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Trump and Barr have been supporters of each other for years. Trump called her up when “Roseanne” drew record ratings for its premiere in March. So that's why there was speculation that he might weigh in on the show's demise.
Rather than distancing himself from Barr's racist remarks, Trump jumped right into the argument about whether she was subjected to a double standard.
Here's the context: Jarrett was one of the targets of Barr's Twitter tirade early Tuesday morning.
Barr compared Jarrett to “Planet of the Apes” and the Muslim Brotherhood, then claimed she was just joking. The tweet was widely condemned as racist.
Jarrett, one of the most prominent African American women in politics, was one of President Obama's top aides. That's partly why Barr attacked her. Barr frequently uses her Twitter account to deride Democrats.
When her attack caught fire on Twitter, Iger and his deputies moved quickly to cancel the show.
It is true that Iger called Jarrett and told her about the decision to cancel “Roseanne” shortly before it was announced on Tuesday.
“He wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling the show,” Jarrett said in an interview on MSNBC.
Trump picked up on that comment in his tweet on Wednesday. He is implying that he is the victim of a liberal media double standard.
There are additional political overtones to the tweet because Iger seriously considered a 2020 run against Trump. He deliberated about it with friends and financiers last year, but ultimately decided against a run.
Iger and Jarrett did not immediately respond to requests for comment about Trump's tweet.
By weighing in, Trump is once again at odds with his own press secretary. On Tuesday, when Sarah Sanders was asked for Trump's view about the cancellation, Sanders said “that's not what the president is looking at. That's not what he's spending his time on. And I think that we have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now, certainly that the President is spending his time when it comes to policy.”
Earlier in the day on Wednesday, Barr reacted to ABC's decision by tweeting apologies and retweeting dozens of her fans. Some of the retweets promoted conspiracy theories and anti-ABC grievances.
Brian Stelter, CNN Money
The Portfolio Committee on Higher Education and Training has called on all stakeholders in the higher education sector to work collectively to ensure that the funding disbursement systems for student funding are improved and developed.
“We are concerned about the challenges that had been raised over a period of time with stakeholders resulting from the central applications process and the piloting of the student-centred model‚” said Connie September‚ the chairperson of the committee.
“The system is designed to benefit students‚ and we expect no less. The delays in payments being made to institutions should be dealt with expeditiously‚ we cannot have students waiting for meal and book allowances for longer than five months.”
September said the committee agreed with higher education minister Naledi Pandor that the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (NSFAS) systems and capacity should be “expeditiously” improved to benefit students‚ and so that there are no challenges in 2019.
AN “INSPIRATIONAL” RETIRED Leeds GP who at 88-years-old still works out at a gym three times a week said he hopes to keep on running at 90 and beyond.
Dr Martin Berger of Adel, who arrives at his gym at 8am sharp every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, has clocked up more than 3,500 gym visits in 31 years and believes exercise is the key to a stress free life. He uses the rowing machine, treadmill and exercise bike on his regular trips to the gym at the Village Hotel on Otley Road, Headingley. Dr Berger, who also swims every Sunday in the pool at the Village Hotel gym, said: “At the moment I have no reason to stop.
9 June 2017....... Dr Martin Berger, 88, of Adel has clocked up more than 3,500 gym visits in 31 years and believes exercise is the key to a stress free life. He uses the rowing machine, treadmill and exercise bike on his regular trips to to the gym at the Vilage Hotel on Otley Road, Headingley. Picture Tony Johnson.
“I have got an ambition to keep going until I'm 90 at least. It's an important part of my life. It sets me up for the day. There's no time to be miserable, it's what you do. “Exercise is an answer to lots of people's problems. It keeps you fit and free from stress. “When I have finished the gym I come home, make myself something to eat, read the newspaper and fall asleep for five or ten minutes in a chair. “I have been doing it for 30 years and it's an important part of my life. I go there and I know everybody, it's a good club to meet friends. Widower Dr Berger, whose wife Stella died aged 76 in 2006, worked as a GP in Cookridge and Holt Park for 42 years before retiring aged 70 in 1998. He has been using the Village gym for 20 years and before that he worked out at the gym at the former Post House Hotel in Bramhope for 11 years.
Freelance personal trainer Richard Scanlon, 41, has known Dr Berger for 19 years. Mr Scanlon said: “Martin Berger is one of the most inspirational people I have met. It is truly amazing. People who are a quarter of his age can't even be bothered to go to the gym. “You can set your watch to the time Martin goes in that gym every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. He doesn't just talk about it, he walks the talk and not many people do that.”
9 June 2017....... Dr Martin Berger, 88, of Adel has clocked up more than 3,500 gym visits in 31 years and believes exercise is the key to a stress free life. He uses the rowing machine, treadmill and exercise bike on his regular trips to to the gym at the Vilage Hotel on Otley Road, Headingley. Picture Tony Johnson.
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid head into the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final with Bayern Munich knowing a home draw will see them through to the last four.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as the Spanish giants came from behind to beat 10-man Bayern at the Allianz Arena.
Carlo Ancelotti will be without Javi Martinez for the second leg after he was sent off following two bookings in Bavaria.
But when is the game and how can you watch it? Here is all you need to know...
(Photo: AFP)
When is the game?
The second leg kicks off at 7.45pm on Tuesday April 18.
How can you watch it?
The game will be broadcast live on BT Sport 3 and BT Sport 3 HD.
If you cannot get to a television in time you can also follow all of the action on the MirrorFootball live blog.
Team news
Zinedine Zidane will be without Gareth Bale (calf), Raphael Varane (Achilles) and Pepe (fractured rib).
Bavaria, meanwhile, will be without Martinez (suspension). Jerome Boateng (adductor) and Mats Hummels (ankle) are doubts.
Compile a list of every sex position you've ever tried. Then compare that list to every sex position you've heard of. Your sex life is going to come up a bit short, no pun intended. A new survey on DrEd got the low down on the world's favourite sex position, or at least the most frequently practiced one. Doggy style is in the lead winning 35.1 per cent of the vote as the go-to sex position. Which makes sense considering it's not as routine as missionary or as complex as the cheese grater (you're not ready for that one yet). Not to mention the view is pretty sweet and everyone's a winner. It's a classic. But then again so is vanilla. Number two on the list of most popular sex positions is missionary, with 22.5 per cent of the vote, followed by cowgirl at 19.4 per cent.
To be fair this is the Western world we are talking about, North America, Europe and the UK. Not exactly the pioneers in kinky sex techniques. It's not like any of them came up with the Kama Sutra or anything. The least popular was the table top position, because don't you know where you eat? But in case you want to mix things up in the bedroom we have a some tips on how to get that tantric sex vibe going.
1 /4 Images: Arsh Sayed Get in the zone with your partner It's kind of like setting the mood, except you and your partner will be creating the vibe together. Get comfortable. Make eye contact. Be present. It may sound like something Yoda would say but it definitely helps with getting the Force on your side. Sit facing your partner, take deep lasting breaths in sync. After a while you can even share you partners breath, moving closer to them without actually touching inhale their exhalative breath and vice versa. The circulation of air increases intimacy and creates desire. Image: Shutterstock Build suspension You're no Pitbull, a simple feature in a 3-minute pop song isn't going to make it a hit. You're David Gilmour, and this is a nine-part Pink Floyd composition- there needs to be a buildup. Give each other slow erotic massages. Don't be impatient, take your time. Put on “Shine on you crazy diamond” if you have to. Immerse yourself completely in the sensuality of the moment. Take turns in giving and receiving pleasure. The best position to start with With tantric sex you don't want to just dive into it. Take your time to enjoy your arousal. Assume the “yab-yum” position, traditional for tantric sex beginners. Sit with your legs wrapped around the other person's torso, or let your partner sit in your lap with their legs totally wrapped around you. Maintain the intimacy by looking into each other's eyes and watching your breath. Don't rush through the sex, instead take hold of it by prolonging the pleasure and staying in control. Recycle the energy Think of this as a movie. You're at the tipping point- it could all end here. Or take an unexpected twist. Opt for the twist that comes after the interval. Stop just before you think it's time. Take a break, explore each other's bodies or just kiss. When you return from the break you'll have more control and lasting power. Everyone knows the second half is where the good stuff is. Besides tantric sex guarantees you that Fight Club ending- explosive.
> More on Sex
Up Next: Behind the Scenes of Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're missing the sun now the first heatwave of 2018 has passed, you won't have to wait long until it returns.
Using computer models, forecasters are predicting that the temperature could edge closer to 20 degrees in parts of the South East by as soon as next week. This is slightly below the temperature we've seen over the past days - but is a lot more welcome than the rain forecast every day this week.
The Weather Channel reports that according to some computer models, the area of low pressure responsible for bringing in a cooler northerly flow to the UK this weekend will split and make way for warmer conditions during the start of May.
In layman's terms, this means that the high pressure over central Europe will drift eastward, while another area of high pressure builds over the North Atlantic. During this time, a low pressure area in between the two will spit, and the smaller area will stall and pump warmer air over the UK.
It's less "Beast from the East", more "Beauty from the East".
Before then, brief bursts of sunshine, mixed with April showers, will be a prevalent feature across the entire country for the next week. Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
She added: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic. However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
LEEDS'S Peter Lines is into the second round of the Dafabet Scottish Open after an entertaining win on day one in Glasgow.
Lines, 47, was up against younger opposition in the shape of 17-year-old Chinaman Yuan Sijun, and the Yorkshireman's experience told as he cruised through with a 4-0 win.
A break of 51 in the third frame aided Lines's victory, and he acknowledged that he felt comfortable throughout.
“I played pretty well at York and I carried it on here,” said Lines. “When these draws come out, if you miss the top players everyone thinks they've got a chance of winning a few matches and seeing how far they can go. Obviously it was a good draw for both of us, but I played slightly better.
“I'm pretty confident now. My safety is always pretty good, but you've got to score points when you get in and I potted pretty well, I didn't make any mistakes.
“Sometimes as you get older you miss easy shots, but I cut that out and he's only a young kid so when I was out of position I kept it nice and tight.
“He was going for a few shots he shouldn't of gone for and leaving me in so I'm very chuffed.”
Meanwhile, Lines commented on Ronnie O'Sullivan, who won the Betway UK Championship in York over the weekend in typically extravagant style.
O'Sullivan has preached an increasingly indifferent attitude to snooker in recent months, but Lines is having none of it.
“I was at York last week and every time I went in the practice area Ronnie was in there and he's the best player in the game. If he's putting the hours in you've got to do the same,” Lines added.
“It's absolute nonsense, it really is, he practises like an absolute maniac and you have to, otherwise you'll get found out.”
Sheffield-born Adam Duffy, 28, was beaten 4-0 by fellow Englishman Mike Dunn.
“I was all over the place really,” said Duffy. “When you're struggling nothing goes for you and Mike had the luck.
“I had plenty of bad luck and kicks and that – it happens in snooker.
“I've got the German Masters next week, but I'm not even looking forward to it, I can't wait until the end of the season, that's honestly how I feel about it.
“I want to swear, but I can't, I don't have a clue what to do about it.”
Watch the Scottish Open LIVE on Eurosport, Eurosport Player and Quest with Andy Goldstein and analysis from Jimmy White and Neal Foulds
STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED.
Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox
Invalid Email
Shoppers will now be the final arbiter when a product chosen as the best invention in a reality TV show hits the shelves.
Klerksdorp's Christo Rossouw was named the winner of the Hangman show on Sunday night‚ earning R1-million in prize money. Rossouw also has a distribution deal with Fever Tree‚ who will be testing his products in the market in three big supermarket chains.
The 35-year-old impressed the judges and viewers with his innovative mosquito repellent lamp to beat off the remaining two finalists — Bonex Mwakikunga with his diabetes breathalyser and Claire Reid‚ inventor of Reel Gardening‚ a pre-fertilised‚ pre-spaced colour-coded seed tape.
An elated Rossouw said: “I always focus on social innovations when entering competitions. There is a huge need to provide the underprivileged with affordable and effective solutions to problems that they are facing.”
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. He said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting he should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, he wrapped his arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with his homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Bruce ripped a 3-1 pitch into the left-field bleachers to tie it. When he reached second, Lindor was out of the dugout waving around his teammate as the Indians had caught the Yankees.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest post-season game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled him after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as he slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave him a polite ovation and several teammates approached him to offer consolation.
This was a shocker to the Indians, who started Trevor Bauer in the opener so they could bring back Kluber in Game 2 and then use him again if the series goes five games. But after the way the Yankees roughed up their ace, Cleveland's plans appear flawed.
The Indians tied it 2-2 in the first, but lost Encarnacion.
Sabathia gave up a two-out walk and hit Encarnacion on the right knee to load the bases before Carlos Santana followed with a two-run single.
Bruce followed with a liner up the middle that was gloved by leaping shortstop Didi Gregorius, who dived headfirst into second to try and double up Encarnacion. Cleveland's free-swinging DH scrambled back, but jammed his foot into the base and rolled his ankle badly.
Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled around in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. He was helped to his feet and had to be assisted off the field, but not after stopping halfway to the dugout because he was in such discomfort.
Encarnacion is the biggest bat in Cleveland's lineup — he hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs this season — and the Indians aren't the same without him.
BRANTLEY'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland's deep post-season run in 2016, Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan — before Encarnacion got hurt — was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left.
He replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5.
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts, the most by an Indians pitcher since Cliff Lee won 12 in 2008. Tanaka, who struck out a career-high 15 in his last start, will be making his second post-season start for the Yankees. He lost the wild-card game in 2015.
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
'Fresh Air' Celebrates July 4 With The Late Flat-Picking Guitar Player Doc Watson Watson, who died in 2012, was a pioneering bluegrass, country and folk guitarist and singer who changed the way people thought about mountain music. Originally broadcast in 1988 and 1989.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Flip flops and bare legs were probably the two last things I expected to see in Chicago in December, but very quickly you'll learn that Chicago is a city full of surprises.
In the space of just two winter days, the temperature swung from -6C to 17C – basically summer weather. It's like the city knew we were only getting a very short time there, so wanted to show itself off to us in all weathers.
But no matter if it's raining, sunny or covered in snow, it would be pretty hard for Chicago to look anything other than wondrous. From its bold American skyline to the banks of beautiful Lake Michigan, the city's instant charm is undeniable.
Staying at the Sheraton Grand Hotel got our visit off to a wonderful start. The riverside hotel is one of only a handful in the Sheraton portfolio to be awarded Grand status, recognised for its incredible location, striking design and vast array of amenities.
It was the ideal base for a packed four-day trip – huge comfortable rooms, amazing breakfast, and to top it all off, Barack Obama was staying there at the same time as us. The only downside, for the Obama's at least, is that the hotel stands in the shadow of Trump Tower.
The blue glass giant is the second tallest skyscraper in Chicago, beaten only by the Willis Tower, which was the tallest building in the western hemisphere until One World Trade Centre was constructed. Still, it's enough to make your legs wobble and if you're brave enough, it also houses the Skydeck – a viewing platform 103 floors up with a completely glass floor. I may have shed a few tears, but the breath-taking view soon cancelled out the fear.
Jazz, pizza, wind – whatever your associations are with Chicago, they are probably right. But its character goes way beyond that.
It's also the home of chocolate brownies, a mythical cow, and Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, I was informed – perfect, as we were visiting just in time for Christmas.
If you're not feeling overly Christmassy in the run up to the festive season, a trip America should do the trick. But Christmas in Chicago isn't as in-your-face as you might expect. It's the little things, like spotting children skating on one of the free ice rinks in its many parks, or hearing the traditional trolleys playing classic carols, that make it feel special.
Licoln Park Zoo, one of the city's biggest attractions, is decked out with lanterns throughout December, and a traditional German Christkindlmarket takes over Daley Plaza, masking the infamous Picasso sculpture that resides there.
A walk along Magnificent Mile, Chicago's main shopping street, will highlight the stark difference between Christmas lights here and across the pond. More than 200 trees are lit up with one million lights, and I counted seven huge Christmas trees within a 10 minute stretch.
It's beautiful, and I can't imagine many places leaving me feel more festive. But whatever time of year, Chicago has its draw.
For the warmer months, there's Millennium Park, home of The Bean. Not its actual name, of course, but British artist Sir Anish Kapoor's actual name for the sculpture – Cloud Gate – just doesn't quite have the same ring to it.
The Bean might be Millennium Park's most famous attraction, but there's so much more to it. Its free ice rink is open from November to March, and the huge Jay Pritzker Pavilion hosts free concerts and film screenings for picnickers throughout the summer.
It's worth taking your time to explore this man-made 24-acre cultural wonderland. You'll find something fascinating around every corner.
Although Chicago is far from the oldest city around, it has history way beyond its years. From its infamous mafia links to the early days of prohibition, you can see pockets of decades gone by hidden below its modern façade.
You'll find that history dripping from the walls of one of Chicago's most famous spots, The Green Mill Cocktail Lounge. Frequented by the likes of Charlie Chaplin and Al Capone, little has changed inside this prohibition jazz bar over the last century. Stepping inside is like stepping back in time, as swing dancers twirl to upbeat jazz until the very early hours. Even on the rainy Tuesday night we visited, it was packed full of people who seemed to belong to a different time.
The Green Mill is in Chicago's Uptown district, but you get the same feeling of history from wondering around the city's nearby Old Town area. Before jazz, we ate at Orso's, an incredible Italian restaurant decked out in dark wood and huge chandeliers - another place in the city that seemed to be frozen in time.
Of course, there is too much to mention when it comes to where to eat in the city. But you can't plan a trip without involving what the city's food scene is most famous for – deep dish pizza.
If you want to cram as much food in as possible on your visit (who wouldn't?), then a walking tour is a good way to try a little bit of everything, and pick up some tips as you go. Bobby's Bike Hike does food tours as well as mafia and architecture tours, but if you're going for the food tour, make sure you go hungry. In the space of two hours, we ate pizza, a Chicago-style hot dog and cheese popcorn, brownies, with some mulled cider and beer thrown in for luck.
Away from the famous dishes, Hutch, found in the city's River North district, is up there with the best brunch spots in the city, while nearby The Farmhouse serves up incredible traditional comfort foods. And if you're after a proper American burger, you need to seek out Bernie's Lunch & Supper.
If you have time, there are also some gems to uncover in Chicago's many neighbourhoods. The Logan Square area is one of the city's most up-and-coming, with new restaurants and bars flocking there. Mexican restaurant Quiote is in its first year, and has already been awarded a Michelin Bib Gourmand. If you like the sounds of fried oyster tacos, it's definitely worth the trip. While you're there you can top your night off with drinks at Lost Lake, one of the city's most creative and fun cocktail bars.
No trip to Chicago would be complete without some live comedy, and there's no better place for it than The Second City. A starting point for comedy greats including Bill Murray, Tina Fey, and Chris Farley, this improv club is still finding the best up-and-coming talent fifty years on. Of course, the current US climate is a gold-mine for comedians, and the club's 106 Revue – Dream Freaks Fall From Space – was the perfect mix of surreal, chaotic hilarity. The best way to round off a trip.
Chicago might not be the first city that springs to mind when planning a visit to the US, often overshadowed by New York or LA, but after a few days there, it's hard to imagine a city with more to offer. Go curious, go hungry, and go ready to be completely charmed.
FACTBOX
Sophie visited Chicago as a guest of the city's tourism board, Choose Chicago. Prices at the Sheraton Grand Hotel start from $129.
United Airlines offer return fares from London Heathrow to Chicago starting from £499.00 (incl all taxes in Economy), and from £2605.00 (incl all taxes) in Business.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ofsted boss Bradley Simmons has warned South Gloucestershire schools need to make huge improvements to keep up with the rest of the region.
Secondary schools in South Gloucestershire have struggled in recent years, with fewer than half of them rated Good or Outstanding by the education regulator.
And while it remains one of the worst-funded areas in the country, its results at GCSEs leave much to be desired.
Mr Simmons, Ofsted's regional director for the South West, will address a conference called Tackling the Challenges of Governance in South Gloucestershire in Winterbourne Academy on Saturday, February 3.
Ahead of his keynote speech, he told the Bristol Post the good performance at primary school stage did not translate to its secondary schools.
In Ofsted's annual report in December last year, 93 per cent of children went to Good or Outstanding primary schools – higher than the South West's and England's average of 90.
But only 46 per cent of children in the area went to Good secondary schools – there are no Outstanding secondaries – among the bottom 10 in the country.
Area, Primary, Secondary
Bristol, 90, 95
South Gloucestershire, 93, 46
North Somerset, 95, 100
South West, 90, 81
England, 90, 79
Mr Simmons said: “We have got some really strong performance lower down the age range. At the five-years range we have a good level of development.
“For seven-years South Gloucestershire schools are some of the strongest in the country. There is then a slow down at the top end of the primary school year.
“There is some issue with maths when pupils get to 11 years old. But we are seeing a really weak performance at the secondary school level for the second year running.
“Pupils are not making the progress expected of them, and the results – Attainment and Progress – are the second-weakest in the region.”
And while he does not just use results as a sole benchmark, they are important measures.
Bristol v South Glos
In terms of Progress 8, only two of the 17 schools – Bradley Stoke and Castle School – were above the national average.
With the level of disadvantaged pupils in South Gloucestershire below the national average, and half of Bristol's, the results are not encouraging.
Its overall Progress 8 score of -0.32 is well below Bristol's -0.22.
“It is really interesting. Ten years ago, Bristol was on the floor in terms of performance, and over time that has grown stronger,” Mr Simmons said.
“The difference between Bristol and South Gloucestershire over time is that Bristol has really shown a will to keep the family of schools together – whether they are academies or LEA – and they are held to account by people for their performance.”
He said the secondary schools in South Gloucestershire were beginning to follow that lead, but urged people to keep schools in check.
Secondary school table
What is important to note is South Gloucestershire is among the F40 areas – the worst-funded in the country.
Union stats put the area as the joint-worst funded area in England, with its per pupil funding among the lowest.
“We are in difficult times. What is helpful for schools to do is to examine what they are doing with the money,” Mr Simmons said.
“What we are seeing across South Gloucestershire and across the country is varying performance levels. Here, some schools are doing better than others.
“Funding is part of the story but what is fundamental is the way leaders use their resources to make sure teaching is as good as possible.”
Anything good?
He believes the brilliant performance from primary schools can translate to South Gloucestershire's secondary schools in time.
In November 2016, Mr Simmons wrote to Swindon Borough Council, headteachers and local MPs to say the town's schools were failing “at every level”.
He believes South Gloucestershire is in a better place.
“A year and a half ago, I had to write to Swindon because nobody accepted the problem,” he said.
“In South Gloucestershire, they accept it is a challenge and has started putting together a local school standards board and to hold schools to account for their standards.
“That is a really positive step. We are beginning to see a change in seeing the local authority understand it has a role in holding these schools to account and making sure academies and schools are doing their very best for the children.”
Cllr Toby Savage, Cabinet Member responsible for schools, said: “Education is one of the key drivers in increasing the social mobility and economic productivity of South Gloucestershire's future adult population and like Bradley, I too recognise that outcomes for secondary school students must be improved.
“Work is already underway to raise standards and achievements. A Local School Standards Board has been created and an Education Plan is being drawn up to take this work forward.
“As well as the successful Strategic School Improvement funding bid announced recently, additional resources to bring about school improvements are set out in the draft council budget which is due to be decided at Cabinet and full Council later this month. There is a lot to be done to improve the current situation in South Gloucestershire but the council is committed to working with schools, Multi Academy Trusts, Ofsted and the Regional Schools Commissioner to make the necessary improvements.”
After great success at Art Basel 2012, the paintings by Michael Jackson's chimpanzee, Bubbles, and many others will be on display for 10 days at Frames USA & Art Gallery in Miami. The opening reception will be on July 21, 2017 from 6pm-10pm where the public can view and purchase a very unique piece of original ape art. After great success at Art Basel 2012, the paintings by Michael Jackson's chimpanzee, Bubbles, and many others will be on display for 10 days at Frames USA & Art Gallery in Miami. The opening reception will be on July 21, 2017 from 6pm-10pm where the public can view and purchase a very unique piece of original ape art.
“Purchasing a piece of original art by apes is a collectible. It creates conversation, it is a form of expression, and it is rare”, Adam Brand says, owner of Frames USA. “Not to mention that the proceeds from the sales of the art will go to an amazing cause.”
Over the years, zoos and sanctuaries have dabbled into selling artwork at their gift shops by resident animals to raise money. However, the purpose of this art show, Apes that Paint, extends beyond that. It seeks to establish the fact that apes are artists without judgment and second that these ape artists are contributing to the fundraising efforts for The Center for Great Apes, located in Wauchula, Florida.
from Planet of the Apes, and orangutans from the movie Going Apes, and NBC's soap opera Passions. The crowd will enjoy complimentary food and wine sponsored by Carolina Ale House and a limited-edition gift with their RSVP to the event. For free admission and gift, RSVP at July 18 . Aside from artworks from our star artist Bubbles, the exhibition will host other wonderful original pieces from celebrity apes. Among them, the art of chimpanzees, and orangutans from the movie, and NBC's soap opera. The crowd will enjoy complimentary food and wine sponsored by Carolina Ale House and a limited-edition gift with their RSVP to the event. For free admission and gift, RSVP at www.framesusamiami.com by
Come experience this unique art show and take an exciting piece home that will marvel friends and family, and learn about a sanctuary that helps protect chimpanzee and orangutans.
About Frames USA
Frames USA & Art Gallery is a 5 star rated picture frame shop in Miami, Florida, serving the area since 1994. They offer picture framing and glass repairs for photos, diplomas, sports jerseys, art, collectibles, and much more…”You Name It…They Frame It.” Apes that Paint art will be exhibited in the art gallery area of the shop. Parking is free and all ages are welcome. About the Center for Great Apes
The Center for Great Apes provides a permanent sanctuary for orangutans and chimpanzees that have been rescued or retired from the entertainment industry, from research, or from the exotic pet trade.
Kate Upton is going to face off with Ricky Martin on Lip Sync Battle this week and, given her song choice, I'm pretty sure she's going to win.
The soon-to-be Mrs. Justin Verlander decided to go with “…Baby One More Time” by Britney Spears. If that isn't a sure-fire winner I don't know what is. In fact, I'm making this my Stone Cold Lock of the Week.
Still not convinced? Watch:
Yeah she's gonna win. Here's a little behind-the-scenes clip with her:
Just to make you feel really old, Ms. Upton was six years old when that song came out.
He's the England hero lighting up the World Cup - but Three Lions skipper Harry Kane has a South Yorkshire double that's causing confusion in local pubs.
James Bell is regularly confused with the Spurs ace who has captivated football fans around the globe as current top scorer at the tournament in Russia.
Elisha with James.
Girlfriend Elisha May thinks James, 22, is a deadringer for the England skipper, who has helped steer his country to the quarter finals and Saturday's crunch match with Sweden.
She said: "He is a dead ringer for Harry Kane.
"People say it to him all the time and we've had it where people where chanting at him in the pub."
She says the couple, from Rawmarsh, were watching England's final group game against Belgium at a pub in Grimsby when fans picked up on the Rotherham Council employee's resemblance to Kane.
James was chanted at by fans at a pub in Grimsby.
Said Elisha: "A couple of people called him Harry and then they were singing 'he's one of our own' at him."
But that's where the similarities end, said Elisha, who watched last night's thrilling penalty shoot out win with Colombia at home.
"He doesn't play football unfortunately," she added.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HONESDALE — Wayne County's 911 telephone line is back up and running this morning in the Waymart Borough and South Canaan Twp. areas, Cheryl Hunter, the 911 director, said.
Hunter was notified that the system came back up a few minutes before 10 a.m. today.
The emergency telephone line had been inoperable in that area since late Tuesday night. A telephone company worked to repair it.
Hunter said that they were not told what the cause of the problem was, only that it had been resolved.
No issues stemming from the downtime had been reported to the 911 center, she said.
— JOSEPH KOHUT
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson has announced he's got another baby girl on the way.
The Fast and Furious star took to social media on Monday to reveal the exciting news.
The actor, 45, and his longtime girlfriend Lauren Hashian, who are already parents to daughter Jasmine, said they'll be expecting another little girl next year.
To make the cute announcement, he enlisted the help of his adorable little girl.
(Image: Instagram/therock)
Jasmine is sitting in front of a Christmas tree with a note hanging above her head that reads: "It's a girl! Can't wait to be a big sister. And finally be the BOSS!"
The Rock captioned the cute photo: "Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement - IT'S A GIRL! Lauren and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we'll welcome our second baby.
"Plus, Jazzy is excited to boss around and protect her lil' sis."
(Image: Instagram/therock)
It comes after his eldest daughter, Simone Johnson, revealed she hopes to follow in her dad's footsteps by becoming a WWE superstar.
Simone could be the company's first fourth-generation talent if she emulates the 10-time world champion, aka Dwayne .
(Image: Rex Features)
The 16-year-old was interviewed by The Hollywood Reporter about being named the Globes Ambassador for this January's Golden Globes Awards.
On the subject of pro wrestling, the grappler turned Hollywood megastar's eldest child said: "It's a sport that is unlike anything else in the world.
(Image: © WWE)
"There's just a certain amount of passion that every move and match requires, and that's so admirable. It's definitely something I've thought about and want to pursue."
ENTERTAINMENT
On its epic journey since 2013, BTS has risen like a phoenix. Once a rookie group struggling to survive in the stormy K-pop scene, the group is now called a world-dominating superstar, hitting the US charts, grabbing global headlines and mesmerizing fans all over the world.
After leaving their footprints around the globe, the K-pop superstar finally landed on its home turf, where it put an end mark on its monthslong “Wings” tour that kicked off in Seoul in February. And its retrospective “grand final” was tearful, beautiful and splendid.
“'Road' reminds us of our first concert and ‘Born Singer' recalls of our first start. They are so meaningful to us,” said Suga, adding in dreamy voice, “Our first concert had 2,000 fans and now we are at Gocheok Skydome.”
Jimin also said, “I missed our fans so much. During our tours, I've met people I've never dreamed I would meet in my life, and I thought you (fans) would be proud of us. I want to say I love you and thank you.” After performing overseas for the last 10 months, J-hope said he felt like he was finally home.
Its world tour has taken BTS to Chile, Brazil, the US, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong. But the group said it has more in store for its global promotions with a new goal.
“With our previous album, we scored No. 7 on the Billboard 200 and our recent ‘Mic Drop' has debuted at No. 28 on the Hot 100 chart. And now, we hope to score No. 1 on Billboard 200 and enter the top 10 on the Hot 100 chart,” said Jimin during a press conference for the concert before the Sunday show.
The history-making boy band made its US debut at the American Music Awards and appeared on high-profile TV shows such as “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and “The Ellen Degeneres Show.” Most recently, BTS' Japanese single “Mic Drop/DNA/Crystal Snow” claimed the No. 1 spot on Japan's Oricon singles chart.
BTS said it now sees a greater responsibility to keep its pace and identity amid the whirlwind of attention.
“We didn't imagine that we could have such a success in the first place, so we want to keep our musical identity and not be swayed by the ongoing frenzy. Our next step will be to keep calm and keep coming up with new ideas and communicating with our agency just like we did before,“ said RM.
Bang Si-hyuk, CEO of the group's label Big Hit Entertainment, who also attended a press event on Sunday, expressed his hopes for the group to pave the way for K-pop artists making inroads into Western pop culture. He also emphasized that BTS will keep its original K-pop value.
“BTS' performances at Billboard Music Awards and the AMAs are not one-time events. But the group singing in English with an aim to target the US pop market is not in our picture. Teaching English to our artists, signing with US labels and being loved by US fans, that's not K-pop anymore. So BTS will keep doing what it is good at, which is talking about themselves in Korean and pursuing music based on hip-hop,” said Bang.
(lotus@heraldcorp.com) But the most emotional moment of the show came with “Path” and “Born Singer,” where the members finally broke into tears, looking back on their past when the future wasn't so rosy.“'Road' reminds us of our first concert and ‘Born Singer' recalls of our first start. They are so meaningful to us,” said Suga, adding in dreamy voice, “Our first concert had 2,000 fans and now we are at Gocheok Skydome.”Jimin also said, “I missed our fans so much. During our tours, I've met people I've never dreamed I would meet in my life, and I thought you (fans) would be proud of us. I want to say I love you and thank you.” After performing overseas for the last 10 months, J-hope said he felt like he was finally home.Its world tour has taken BTS to Chile, Brazil, the US, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong. But the group said it has more in store for its global promotions with a new goal.“With our previous album, we scored No. 7 on the Billboard 200 and our recent ‘Mic Drop' has debuted at No. 28 on the Hot 100 chart. And now, we hope to score No. 1 on Billboard 200 and enter the top 10 on the Hot 100 chart,” said Jimin during a press conference for the concert before the Sunday show.The history-making boy band made its US debut at the American Music Awards and appeared on high-profile TV shows such as “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and “The Ellen Degeneres Show.” Most recently, BTS' Japanese single “Mic Drop/DNA/Crystal Snow” claimed the No. 1 spot on Japan's Oricon singles chart.BTS said it now sees a greater responsibility to keep its pace and identity amid the whirlwind of attention.“We didn't imagine that we could have such a success in the first place, so we want to keep our musical identity and not be swayed by the ongoing frenzy. Our next step will be to keep calm and keep coming up with new ideas and communicating with our agency just like we did before,“ said RM.Bang Si-hyuk, CEO of the group's label Big Hit Entertainment, who also attended a press event on Sunday, expressed his hopes for the group to pave the way for K-pop artists making inroads into Western pop culture. He also emphasized that BTS will keep its original K-pop value.“BTS' performances at Billboard Music Awards and the AMAs are not one-time events. But the group singing in English with an aim to target the US pop market is not in our picture. Teaching English to our artists, signing with US labels and being loved by US fans, that's not K-pop anymore. So BTS will keep doing what it is good at, which is talking about themselves in Korean and pursuing music based on hip-hop,” said Bang.
“At the time we debuted, I still remember how people mocked and hated us. All I could think of back at the time was, ‘How can I make them like us?' And I don't want to erase those memories. There will be pains and hardships on my way, but I won't forget that this many people are supporting us,” said band leader RM during the group's “2017 Live Trilogy Episode III The Wings Tour The Final” in Seoul at Gocheok Skydome on Sunday.Amid rapturous applause, he added, “Once I thought, ‘Will I be able to perform here at Gocheok Skydome in my lifetime?' And my answer back then was ‘No, I don't know.' But we made it. And you, who recognized our value, can make it too. If our music can soothe your pain and become a strength, that's enough of a reason for our existence.”The more than three-hour-long concert on Sunday was explosive from the beginning. After kicking off with “Mic Drop,” the group's most recent hit that has been sweeping the world, BTS fiercely stormed around the stage with hip-hop tracks “We are Bulletproof Part 1, 2” and “Cyper Medley.”Individual members' performances, which have always been a part of the group's “Wings” tour, also drew loud cheers. Jungkook and Jimin performed “Begin” and “Lie,” while Suga, Jin and V slowed down the vibe with “First Love,” “Awake” and “Stigma.” Cheerful as always, J-hope jumped around the stage with upbeat “MAMA” and RM's emotional hip-hop number “Reflection” resonated with crowds.BTS also brought out its newest and oldest hits such as “DNA,” “Gogo,” “Save Me,” “I Need U” and blazed through a medley of its biggest hits such as “No More Dream,” “Boy In Luv,” “Danger,” “Fire” and “Run.” About 20,000 concertgoers surfed and obliged by waving their light sticks.
A new YouGov poll in France finds French president Emmanuel Macron's approval rate at just 36%, just a few months after winning the election with 65% of the vote.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Editor's note: Today, President Obama is sending the following note to the White House email list. Make sure you get the message—sign up here.
In 1796, as George Washington set the precedent for a peaceful, democratic transfer of power, he also set a precedent by penning a farewell address to the American people. And over the 220 years since, many American presidents have followed his lead.
On Tuesday, January 10, I'll go home to Chicago to say my grateful farewell to you, even if you can't be there in person.
I'm just beginning to write my remarks. But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here.
Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger. That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding—our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.
So I hope you'll join me one last time.
Because, for me, it's always been about you.
President Barack Obama
The Farewell Address
BUSINESS
(MOSF)
The top economic policymakers of South Korea and China agreed to boost bilateral tourism and economic cooperation, Seoul's finance ministry said Friday, in a sign that Beijing may stop its retaliation against South Korean companies over the stationing of a US missile system.The agreement came after talks between South Korean Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon and his Chinese counterpart, He Lifeng, chairman of China's National Development and Reform Commission, earlier in the day.Kim has said he will raise the issue of difficulties encountered by South Korean firms doing business in China, who have come under pressure over Beijing's retaliatory actions after the deployment of a missile-defense system, during the talks with me.During the talks, Kim asked the Chinese side to swiftly resolve such difficulties, including Beijing's ban on group tours to South Korea and other measures against South Korean firms, including Lotte and electric battery makers, according to the South Korean finance ministry.Under the agreement, the two nations will establish a consultative body to boost tourism, and set up a pilot free trade zone in China's northeastern provinces.To expand exchanges in the science and technology sectors, the two governments will hold a joint conference, the ministry said.South Korean firms doing businesses with China have felt pressure from Seoul's decision in 2016 to host the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense battery. The system became operational in 2017.Last October, South Korea and China agreed to move past the dispute over the THAAD system, but the dispute is still taking a toll on the business sector.South Korea decided to bring in the THAAD system to better cope with growing North Korean nuclear and missile threats.Arguing that the US missile defense system could also target China, Beijing has taken a variety of retaliatory steps against Seoul, which have strained two-way ties.Friday's talks between Kim and He marked the resumption of talks between top economic policymakers of the two nations, which have been halted for about two years due to the THAAD dispute. (Yonhap)
Ever since offensive tackle Michael Oher posted a photo of all his prescriptions, fans have been expressing concern about his health.
Some have even gone so far as to suggest the Carolina Panther should retire from football entirely.
Here are a few choice tweets on the subject from fans and analysts:
Y'all, Michael Oher really has to retire. I'm worried about him. — Kelli Storey (@KelliStorey) June 9, 2017
I'm thinking Michael Oher should retire https://t.co/yo5QhBSQUH — JT (@Jaberuski) June 9, 2017
That Michael Oher post is really sad. These guys give their lives for a game we love to watch — br1àn (@bmweezy13) June 9, 2017
That Michael Oher picture is scary as hell. Scary. As. Hell. — mike freeman (@mikefreemanNFL) June 9, 2017
While Oher certainly has a serious health issue to deal with, random folks on Twitter are hardly qualified to judge him. He's worked his entire life to get to this level, and his inspiring story is literally the stuff of Hollywood. It would be a sad way to end such a bright career.
Then again, if Oher decides he wants to keep playing in the NFL, he'd be taking an enormous risk with his long-term health. Should he suffer another concussion, the consequences could be tragic.
The choice is not an easy one. So, let's put this one up to a vote.
Do you think Oher should hang up his helmet, or should he try to keep his career alive?
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
With Avengers: Infinity War debuting this weekend, you may need a Aram session on what's going on with all this stuff! I mean there's a lot to know before you see it!
What are the Infinity Stones? Who is Thanos? Why are they fighting?
Good luck and enjoy!!!
Toni Kroos tries to troll Brazil on New Year's but Ronaldo Nazario has the last laugh
Kroos reminded Brazilians of the 7-1 win but Ronaldo was not one to let him off that easy
by Slapstick Humour 02 Jan 2017, 16:48 IST
Ronaldo had the last laugh after Kroos' update angered Brazilians
Footballers dishing it out on social media is nothing new. In the age of memes and trolling opponents, today's players are not far behind when using their huge social media following to their advantage to get a point across.
As New Year's messages made its rounds on social media, Germany international and Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos took a sly dig at Brazil with a picture update. The image had two words – Feliz 2017 – which translates to ‘Happy 2017'.
The only problem was, it did not actually say 2017. The ‘1' and ‘7' were replaced by the flags of Brazil and Germany – a clear message to remind the Brazilians of the hammering they received at the hand of the 2014 World Cup champions in Belo Horizonte. Germany had defeated the hosts 7-1 on their way to their fourth World Cup title.
Obviously, Brazilians were not impressed. Shock soon turned to anger and a tweet from Brazil left-back Marcelo was interpreted as a message to his Real Madrid teammate. His tweet read: “Happy new year to all. Good health and RESPECT others always.”
Feliz año a to-dos mucha salud y RESPETO a los demás siempre!
Feliz ano novo a to-dos muita saude e RESPEITO Ao próximo sempre! — Marcelotwelve (@MarceloM12) January 1, 2017
However, not to be outdone, another former Real Madrid man had the last laugh. Ronaldo Nazario (aka El Fenomeno – The Phenomenon) soon posted an update on Facebook himself and gave it right back to the German, even tagging him in the post.
His image said the same thing – Feliz 2017. But in his post, it was the ‘2' and ‘0' that were replaced with the Brazil and Germany flags – a clear reminder of Brazil's 2-0 win over Germany in the 2002 World Cup. Ronaldo had scored both goals in the final.
Ronaldo 1-0 Kroos.
BP today confirmed the start of production from another two of the seven upstream major projects that it expects to come online in 2017. Five of these seven projects have now started up.
Juniper in Trinidad and Persephone in Australia follow the start-ups earlier this year of the first phase of the West Nile Delta development in Egypt, the Trinidad Onshore Compression project and the Quad 204 redevelopment in the UK. A further two projects – the first phase of the Khazzan tight gas development in Oman and development of the Zohr gas field offshore Egypt – are expected to begin production before the end of the year.
Bob Dudley, BP group chief executive said: “This is a significant year for BP and, with five of our seven planned major projects now onstream, delivery of our plan is firmly on track. This year's projects will deliver a key part of the 800,000 barrels equivalent a day production from new projects that we expect by the end of the decade. Importantly, these new projects, with their lower development costs and higher margins, also further improve BP's resilience to the price environment.”
Gas production from Juniper began on schedule and under budget. The largest new project to start up in Trinidad for several years and BP's first subsea field development in Trinidad, Juniper is expected to boost BP Trinidad and Tobago's (BPTT) gas production capacity by around 590 million standard cubic feet a day (mmscfd). The development produces gas from the Corallita and Lantana fields via the new Juniper platform, 80 kilometers off the southeast coast of Trinidad in water approximately 110 meters deep. The gas then flows to the Mahogany B hub via a new 10km flowline. Juniper is BPTT's 14th offshore platform in Trinidad.
The Persephone project off the coast of Western Australia is operated by Woodside Energy and is part of the North West Shelf Project joint venture. The development comprises two subsea wells tied back to the existing North Rankin complex by a 7km flowline. Located about 140km northwest of Karratha, Western Australia in a water depth of around 125 meters, at peak production the project is expected to produce around 48 mmscfd of gas net for BP. BP holds a 16.67% interest in Persephone.
Dave Chappelle performs onstage at the Hollywood Palladium on March 25, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.
Going down the Shore this weekend and need something to do? We have you covered.
>> READ MORE: Ultimate Shore Guide 2018
Ocean City Flower Show
Flower oglers pop over to Moorlyn Terrace for this annual three-day-to-evening display. It's a great spot to see some green amid the sand.
2 -9 p.m. Friday, 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Saturday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Sunday, Music Pier, Moorlyn Terrace and the Boardwalk, Ocean City, free, 609-399-6111, ocnj.us
Morey's Piers Spring Beach Jam
Hundreds of tents go up on the sand. Hundreds more scouts squeal on the Tea Cups, Tilt-A-Whirl, Zoom Phloom, Great White, bumper cars, etc., during this annual beach-top campout.
Friday-Sunday, Schellenger to Spencer Avenues, Wildwood, $63-$75, 609-522-3900, moreyspiers.com
Dave Chappelle
Chappelle warms up for Saturday's The Roots Picnic and his tour with Jon Stewart at his A.C. stop. The standup legend does best in-the-round and among his peers. He'll get at least one of the two at the Borgata.
10 p.m. Friday, The Borgata, One Borgata Way, Atlantic City, $129-$229, 866-900-4849, theborgata.com
Ringo Starr & His All Starr Band
Pop art by a rock god is on display before and during the former Beatle's performances. Starr's All Starrs include '80s wonders Colin Hay (Men at Work), Steve Lukather (Toto), Gregg Rolie (Journey, Santana).
9 p.m. Friday, 8 p.m. Saturday, The Borgata, One Borgata Way, Atlantic City, $149 (Saturday sold out), 866-900-4849, theborgata.com
Strawberry Festival
It's year 20 for this village fair, where proceeds from shortcake sales go to the local prom and even the empanadas contain Tom Brady's least favorite fruit. Lemonade, pottery, ice cream, wine, and live music all feature summer's first berry.
9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday (rain date: Sunday), Wilbraham Park, West Perry Street and Broadway, West Cape May, free, westcapemaytoday.com
Tedeschi Trucks Band
Blue-eyed blues come courtesy longtime couple Susan Tedeschi and Derek Trucks. Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings' co-touring guitarist Doyle Bramhall II adds an extra dose of soul.
8 p.m. Saturday, Tropicana, 2831 Boardwalks, Atlantic City, $60-$123, 800-653-8000, ticketmaster.com
LPGA Classic
A little piece of the old Shore, century-plus-old Seaview hosts women pros, while the property itself is undergoes yet another sale. Best days to catch a free glimpse of last year's winner, In-Kyung Kim, are Monday and Tuesday, during open-to-the-public practice rounds. Wednesday and Thursday are the Pro-Am. Marquis competition: Friday-Sunday.
1 p.m. Monday, 8 a.m. Tuesday, 7 a.m. Wednesday, 7 a.m. Thursday, 7:15 a.m. Friday (June 8), 7:15 a.m. Saturday (June 9), 9:40 a.m. Sunday (June 10), Stockton Seaview Golf Club, 401 S. New York Road, Galloway, $15-60, 609-957-5598, shopritelpgaclassic.com
Sea Isle Restaurant Week
Mike's, the Deauville, Carmen's, and about a dozen more Sea Isle eateries do up four-course dinners over seven days. It's a good time to sample old faves and seek out new ones.
Monday-Sunday (June 10), various locations, Sea Isle City, prices vary, 609-263-9090, seaislechamber.com
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio was found guilty of criminal contempt after he failed to obey court orders to end racial profiling practices, and the 85-year-old right-wing hero now faces up to six months behind bars. Arpaio, an ardent President Trump supporter and campaign surrogate, said he would accept a pardon from the president--and many on the right say he deserves one. But critics of Arpaio say the hardliner did the crime and needs to do the time. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
Arpaio's supporters who agree with his stance on immigration say he is the real victim here. In an interview with the popular conspiracy website InfoWars, Arpaio made a direct appeal to the president:
"Where is President Trump on this case?" he asked, adding: "I'm being convicted for honestly trying to enforce the immigration laws that Trump swore during the campaign he would uphold if elected president."
If ever there were a man who deserved a full Presidential pardon, its Sheriff Joe Arpaio, victim of Loretta Lynch & Barack Obama. https://t.co/VsDVUDHZF4 -- TruthInGovernment (@TruthinGov2016) August 1, 2017
While he would appreciate and accept a pardon, Arpaio says he won't request one.
Joe Arpaio said he would not ask his friend, President Donald Trump, for a pardon in his conviction for criminal c... https://t.co/ZLMJ3DGZFz -- Newsmax (@newsmax) August 11, 2017
Others say Arpaio was a law enforcement official who broke the law, why should he get a pardon?
Of course he would but he should go to jail. You broke the law, lawman. -- Adriana (@wonderwoman1246) August 11, 2017
And those who opposed Arpaio's policies say nobody deserves jail more. He was found in contempt of court for his refusal to end unconstitutional racial profiling policies that targeted Hispanics and other racial minorities. Karma's a bitch, Joe.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio Just Got Convicted Of A Major Crime https://t.co/f3Sotw1LXD -- Aj Voss (@DruDistrict) August 2, 2017
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Democrat and Independent elected officials had a lot to say about Tuesday's State of the Union address. For some it was merely underwhelming, but others were infuriated by the gall of it all. The public may soon feel beholden to the President for inspiring discussion of a wealth of cogent analysis that might make it out of the news bubble this time. In the meantime, the elected officials quoted here echoed the need for not just change, but for civic engagement to bring about that change.
Senator Kamala Harris of California:
“A year into this divisive presidency, special interests and the top 1% are being put at the front of the line while the vast majority of Americans are being left behind. Last year's job creation was the lowest in seven years. For the first time since the Affordable Care Act took effect, the rate of Americans without health insurance has gone up. The stock market may be doing well, but that's good for Wall Street not millions of hardworking Americans whose paychecks haven't grown.
“And while I am always willing to work with my colleagues across the aisle, the President's call for bipartisanship and unity rings hollow. You cannot reject bipartisan plans to improve health care and protect Dreamers or sow hate and division—and then turn around the next day and say you want to work together.
“If the President wants to protect Dreamers, invest in infrastructure, and create good-paying jobs, we can and should do that immediately. But to make real progress on the challenges we face, we need more than a speech. We need this President to work in good faith on behalf of all Americans.”
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, former presidential candidate:
“President Trump talked tonight about the strength of our economy. Well, he's right. Official unemployment today is 4.1 percent which is the lowest it has been in years and the stock market in recent months has soared. That's the good news.
But what President Trump failed to mention is that his first year in office marked the lowest level of job creation since 2010. In fact, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 254,000 fewer jobs were created in Trump's first 11 months in office than were created in the 11 months before he entered office.
Further, when we talk about the economy, what's most important is to understand what is happening to the average worker. And here's the story that Trump failed to mention tonight.
Over the last year, after adjusting for inflation, the average worker in America saw a wage increase of, are you ready for this, 4 cents an hour, or 0.17%. Or, to put it in a different way, that worker received a raise of a little more than $1.60 a week. And, as is often the case, that tiny wage increase disappeared as a result of soaring health care costs.
Meanwhile, at a time of massive wealth and income inequality, the rich continue to get much richer while millions of American workers are working two or three jobs just to keep their heads above water. Since March of last year, the three richest people in America saw their wealth increase by more than $68 billion. Three people. A $68 billion increase in wealth. Meanwhile, the average worker saw an increase of 4 cents an hour.”
Rep. Joe Kennedy III of Massachusetts
“… Bullies may land a punch. They might leave a mark. But they have never, not once, in the history of our United States, managed to match the strength and spirit of a people united in defense of their future.
Politicians can be cheered for the promises they make. Our country will be judged by the promises we keep. THAT is the measure of our character. That's who we are. Out of many. One. Ladies and gentlemen, have faith: The state of our union is hopeful, resilient, enduring.
Thank you, God Bless you and your families, and God Bless the United States of America.
Virginia Del. Elizabeth Guzman:
“My experiences have been a testament to the incredible promise that our nation holds, one we feel proud to call home,” Guzman said, adding, “Unfortunately, the president of the United States does not share this vision for our country.”
“Immigrant families who have given new life to the American dream through their hard work … are facing uncertainty and terror beneath Trump,” Guzman lamented, adding, “The president has the responsibility to unite us, protect us and to heal the divisions that our country faces.”
He has demeaned communities of color – launching a mass deportation agenda, and insulting the heritage of anyone who doesn't look like him. He has imposed a hateful, immoral ban against our Muslim brothers and sisters,” she said.
“We should not accept or normalize the insulting and atrocious way this president represents our communities,” Guzman said.
“Together we can rebuild a nation for everyone that we can be proud of,” she concluded.
Rep. Jim Clyburn of South Carolina:
“What I heard was a lot of platitude,” he said. “If you look at the speech, it was just laced with comments about people wo have done great things and made a lot of sacrifices. It was just something for him to go on Twitter today and talk about how many standing ovations he got.
“He didn't talk about the fact that Black unemployment dropped about nine points under (President Obama) and one point under him. He did not say anything of a significant nature as to the future and growth of this nation.”
Donna Edwards, former Maryland congresswoman and candidate for Prince Georges County Executive:
“The president who stood before the American people tonight is upending the rule of law, destroying institutions, and engaging in an unprecedented purge of the Department of Justice as Special Counsel Mueller closes in on him—all while congressional Republicans remain silent.
We need to get big money out of politics, by making elections at every level publicly financed, cutting the cord with developers, banks, big pharma, oil and gas companies, and all the interests that control public policy in states, cities, counties, and Congress. We need to make it easier to vote, not harder. Easier to join a union, not harder. Easier to get a good education, not harder or more expensive.
We must refuse to leave our fellow Americans behind—half a million Americans are still without electricity in Puerto Rico and still desperately need aid. We must take seriously the threat of climate change and make a plan at every level of government to transition to a clean-energy economy by 2050 that will keep our air and our water clean and our planet alive.”
A Note:
As we went to press, Black Entertainment Network (BET) was scheduled to feature Rep. Maxine Waters, presenting her response to the State of the Union. Waters was to appear on the premier of the new show, “Angela Rye's State of the Union,” which was to also feature a response roundtable with: David Johns, executive director of the National Black Justice Coalition; Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams; Rashad Robinson, executive director of Color of Change; St. Paul, Minn., Mayor Melvin Carter; political strategist Stefanie Brown James; and Opal Tometi, executive director of the Black Alliance for Just Immigration.”
The Kyrgyz Ministry of Foreign Affairs couldn't explain how the journalist of France-Presse Chris Rickleton violated the visa regime and why he was deported to Dubai .
Note, his wife is a citizen of Kyrgyzstan . Chris Rickleton spent the last seven years living and working in Kyrgyzstan .
WASHINGTON — The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 per cent from 4.4 per cent, the Labour Department said Friday, the lowest level since 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid. Hiring is expected to rebound in coming months as businesses in the area reopen and bring back employees and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
"The labour market remains in good shape," said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial. "The job losses were due to disruptions from hurricanes, not underlying weakness in the economy."
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which accounted for 105,000 fewer jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry. Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
Outside of hurricane-hit areas, plenty of Americans found work. The number of people describing themselves as unemployed fell to 6.8 million, the fewest since March 2007, before the Great Recession began. That sign of health makes it appear all but certain that the Federal Reserve will raise its benchmark short-term interest rate in December. According to data from the CME Group, investors now foresee a 93 per cent chance of a Fed rate hike then.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said she expects pay raises to accelerate as unemployment declines.
Hourly workers who couldn't work because of the storms and missed a paycheque would have been counted as not working in the government's survey of businesses, thereby lowering September's job total. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms. In fact, the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 per cent, the highest since January 2009.
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 per cent from 12 months earlier. Still, the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas. The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure.
Black women entrepreneurs stand among the fastest-growing group of women-owned businesses.
This story originally appeared on Ellevate
In general, women of color face numerous challenges in business. However, while many women have and are making significant strides in the business world, they still grapple with seemingly insurmountable obstacles as entrepreneurs. This is reflected in the dismal percentage of women as angel investors (less than 20 percent), venture capitalists (less than 10 percent) and in female-led startups (less than 5 percent).
Related: 7 Myths About Career Transitions That Are Keeping You Stuck
Although black women entrepreneurs stand among the fastest-growing group of women-owned businesses. There are more than 1.5 million businesses owned by black women. According to the 2016 State of Women-Owned Businesses report, eight out of every 10 businesses started since 2007 were launched by women of color.
Here are some of the harsh challenges that many, if not most, women of color entrepreneurs encounter.
1. Biases in the business world
Many women of color entrepreneurs will tell you that they have, and are still facing, a double bias due to both their race and gender. This in turn creates difficulties when it comes to obtaining funding, reaching out to potential partners and even networking.
2. Lack of representation
Very often, women of color are the only ones in business meetings. These women are often striving alone in industries and businesses dominated by men. As such, they are often talked down to, and have to constantly prove their worth, qualifications and drive.
Related: 4 Powerful Ways to Prevent Burnout
This is especially relevant for women of color who are just starting out and leaping into entrepreneurship. These often find the lack of representation intimidating and discouraging.
3. Networking challenges
Networking events attended by very few women of color, if any, can also deter their them from making the right connections. It can all seem like a boys' club that can be hard to get into. It's precisely the lack of access to these networks, as well as not having the right tools and resources to navigate them, that can prevent perfectly viable businesses from surviving and thriving.
4. Lack of mentorship
Mentorship is a valuable resource that benefits many businesses, especially in the early stages. However, there tend to be fewer mentorship opportunities available to women entrepreneurs in general. According to Inc., 48 percent of female entrepreneurs lack mentors and advisors.
For women of color, the gap is even wider as a result of bias and limited networking opportunities. This is where women-focused networks such as Ellevate Network, or events like the WIN conference, can make all the difference.
5. Lack of access to capital and funding
According to this recent study by Fundera, “women entrepreneurs get offered smaller loans across every product, from the same groups." Female entrepreneurs seeking venture capital do not seem to fare any better. Research confirms that investors actually prefer entrepreneurial pitches by attractive men.
Related: How to Listen to Your Intuition and Create Your Dream Life
For minority women, the chances of getting traditional sources of funding such as loans can be slim to none. This may be due in large part to both conscious and unconscious bias. As a matter of fact, according to the Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA), small business owners of color are more likely to be denied credit than other small business owners. They also tend to pay higher interest rates than non-minority owned businesses. As a result, fewer women of color entrepreneurs seek to apply for loans.
(By Solange Lopes)
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Lt. Col. Donald L. ‘Buns' Fraizer, retired, 87, died August 9, 2017, at Hospice House, Hutchinson. He was born March 12, 1930, in Cullison, Kansas, to Ray Wallace Fraizer and Eulalia Myrtle (Cumming) Fraizer.
Donald graduated from Pratt High School in 1948. While attending Kansas State University, he played on the football and track teams. Donald served in the United States Air Force from 1950 to 1972 as a Fighter Pilot during the Korean and Vietnam Wars. After retiring from the Air Force, Donald graduated with his bachelor's degree from Sterling College in 1978. He received his master's degree from Wichita State University. Donald then taught art and social studies at Trinity Catholic High School and helped to coach the high school track and field team, up until April of this year. He was a member of the Knights of Columbus Council #7279, Kappa Sigma, and Church of the Holy Cross.
On December 28, 1951, he married Jean Ann Jacob in Pratt. They enjoyed 65 years of marriage.
Survivors include: wife, Jean of Hutchinson; children, Allen (Ignacio) of Dallas, Texas, Elaine Pope (Matt) of Hutchinson, Denise Hilt (David) of Fort Worth, Texas, Denis (Carol) of Wichita, Gregory of Hutchinson; sister-in- law, Edyce Fraizer of Wichita; ten grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren.
Donald was preceded in death by his parents and brother, Jack Fraizer.
Cremation has taken place. Parish Rosary will be 7 p.m. Sunday, August 13, 2017, at Church of the Holy Cross, 2631 Independence Road, with Father Bob Pinninti officiating. Mass of Christian Burial will be 10 a.m. Monday, August 14, 2017, with Father Aaron Spexarth, Father Bob Pinninti, and Father Daniel Duling officiating. Inurnment will follow in Fairlawn Burial Park, Hutchinson, with military honors conducted by the United States Air Force. Friends may sign the book from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday through Sunday at Elliott Mortuary, Hutchinson. The family will receive friends at the church following the Rosary from 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
Memorials may be made to Trinity Catholic High School, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
Senior executives are debating the elements of a comprehensive plan to streamline Ford's internal operations and rebuild profitability in the company's North American business, and job cuts cannot be ruled out, these people said. They said a key goal would be lifting North America's profit margin to near 10 per cent by 2019 or 2020. Last year, Ford North America's margin was 8 per cent, well short of the 10.7 per cent that General Motors achieved.
Shrinking or selling unprofitable foreign operations could also be part of the new strategy, the three people said, and the company is also discussing whether to continue selling small and mid-size cars in the domestic market. Ford currently loses money on the Fiesta, Focus and the Fusion sedan, they said.
Ford's top executives expect to present the plan to the company's directors at the board's July meeting, these people said. The July gathering is typically when directors spend several days at Ford to give its business strategy a thorough review, and test-drive new models the company is preparing to introduce.
A Ford spokesperson, Bradley Carroll, declined to comment on the board's deliberations. But he added that "the entire company is intensely focused on improving the operational fitness of the business to deliver profitable growth with improved returns."
Hackett, 63, has signalled that he is wary of rushing into a new strategy.
"If you think too quickly, and you're wrong," he told reporters in March, "you get this joy of making it to market but then you're always correcting."
Just two years ago, Ford was cruising at high speed. Hackett's predecessor, Mark Fields, guided the company to record earnings in 2015 — nearly $11 billion in pre-tax profit. Brimming with confidence, Fields approved several ambitious projects. He set off a hiring spree to stock up on software developers, engineers and other executives — talent that he believed Ford would need to compete as electric and self-driving cars reshape the auto industry.
Ford laid out a billion-dollar plan to remake its Dearborn, Michigan, locations into a high-tech, Silicon Valley-like campus. The company invested in ridesharing and other startups in a bid to turn itself into a "mobility" company. Fields and Ford's chair, William C. Ford Jr., called on a director — Hackett — to join the management ranks and run the mobility activities. It also introduced a $400,000 super sports car, the Ford GT.
But when Fields couldn't move fast enough to head off slippage in Ford's profits, the board dismissed him in May and handed the reins to Hackett, a former chief executive of Steelcase who is credited with turning around the office-furniture maker. And analysts question whether the vestiges of the Fields strategy will ever pay off.
The headquarters makeover might make Ford a more enticing place to work years down the road but won't generate the revenue growth the company needs now. The mobility businesses aren't making money yet. And while the GT sports car turns heads, Ford is selling only 250 a year.
"You have to ask the question: Is it really getting you showroom traffic?" said Brian Johnson of Barclays Capital.
Korean airports have seen an “alarming” drop in air traffic coming from China since mid-March, according to the Korea Airports Corporation on Tuesday.The decreased numbers have been most visible in places like Jeju International Airport, which serves the tourist-friendly island. In the first quarter of 2017, the airport posted a 24.1 percent drop in international passengers, following a five-year compound annual growth rate of 26.1 percent, according to the airports corporation.Overall, passengers on Chinese routes serviced at eight international airports in Korea, excluding Incheon Airport, has fallen from 4.41 million passengers last year to 4.17 million passengers in the first quarter.The sharp decrease in passenger numbers is attributed to the implementation of a travel ban to Korea imposed by Beijing over disputes regarding the installment of an American anti-missile system on the Korean Peninsula.“Our local airports are facing unprecedented traffic decrease with the Chinese government's ban on travel to Korea and this poses great challenges,” said KAC Vice President Park Soon-cheon.Although Incheon Airport, the major gateway into Korea, has also seen a drop in passengers on its Chinese airlines, the effect has been considerably lighter than KAC's airports because of the diversity of destinations served by Incheon.In the first quarter of 2017, Incheon Airport saw a 2.9 percent drop in Chinese passengers on-year, but international passengers as a whole rose by 6.8 percent.“Most of the local airports dedicate a significant amount of their slots to China-bound routes, which makes the impact larger,” said a spokesman for KAC. “In order to alleviate this impact, we are hoping to work with the Transport Ministry and other organizations to diversify our international routes in areas like Japan and Southeast Asia.”By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com)
Peterborough United manager Steve Evans has compared the latest signing Alex Woodyard to legendary Wembley-winning club captain Mick Halsall.
Posh snapped up 25 year-old midfielder Woodyard from Lincoln City yesterday (May 30) for a fee believed to be £225,000.
Posh captain Mick Halsall lifts the League One play-off trophy at Wembley in 1992.
The player is understood to have resisted a late swoop by Championship side Ipswich to sign a two-year contract (with an option for a third season) at the ABAX Stadium.
Woodyard has been a star performer for Lincoln in his two seasons at the club. Evans believes his fifth signing of the summer has captaincy potential.
“Alex was Lincoln's best player when they won the National League two seasons ago,” Evans stated. “And I watched Lincoln eight or nine times last season and Alex was the best player on the pitch 99% of the time.
“He's a top, top player and great at what he does. He has been used mainly as a defensive midfielder by Lincoln, but I believe he is capable of much more than that.
“Alex is technically better than people might think. I don't just want to use him as a defensive screen as I believe he can be effective going from box to box.
“I compare him to Mick Halsall. He is a natural leader and he will lead from the front. He will be in contention for the Posh captaincy along with a few others.
“There was a lot of interest in him from other clubs and I am delighted he has chosen to join us.
“When I went to the United States to discuss transfers with the board of directors and the chairman at the end of last season, Alex was at the top of my list,
“Without doubt he is the best signing any League One club has made so far this summer.
“We did a lot of work on the deal and I have to praise my chairman. board and Barry Fry for getting the deal done amid so much interest.
“I also have to thank Lincoln chairman Bob Dorrian and his staff who have been very professional throughout the dealings.”
Halsall skippered Posh to back-to-back promotions under the management of Chris Turner in the early 1990s.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Sondra Myers, director of the University of Scranton's Schemel Forum, left, receives funding from the Scranton Area Community Foundation president and CEO Laura Ducceschi. Representatives from the University of Scranton's Small Business Development Centers receive a grant from the Scranton Area Communtiy Foundation to help fund the center's Start Up! program. From left: Francene Pisano Dudziec, special projects coordinator for the SBDC; Laura Ducceschi, Scranton Area Foundation president and CEO; and Lisa Hall Zielinski, SBDC director. Image Gallery for Lightbox link Lightbox link
Penn Stater
honored
For her 37 years at Penn State Worthington Scranton campus, raising funds to support the institution and create many scholarships, Maria Russoniello received the 2017 K. Bruce Sherbine Penn State Proud Award.
Russoniello, the director of development, retired in June after building a successful fundraising program at the college and raising over $22 million for the campus, establishing more than 100 endowed and annual scholarship funds; creating nearly 20 annual funds in support of academic programs and student services; nine awards for students and employees; and a lectureship, according to Penn State.
Russoniello is also involved in her community, serving as National Philanthropy Day chairwoman, vice president of the local Association for Fundraising Professionals Chapter, board chairwoman of Leadership Lackawanna, the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce board member, board vice chairwoman of the former Easter Seals of NEPA, a member of the UNICO Scranton Chapter, and a cantor at St. Catherine of Siena Church in Moscow.
Marwan Wafa, Ph.D., chancellor of Penn State Worthington Scranton campus, presented Russoniello with the award during an awards dinner on campus.
The Maria J. Russoniello Renaissance Scholarship was also established in her honor.
Foundation
supports U of S
The Scranton Area Community Foundation recently supported two University of Scranton programs
Laura Ducceschi, Scranton Area Community Foundation president and CEO, presented Francene Pisano Dudziec, special projects coordinator for the university's Small Business Development Center, and Lisa Hall Zielinski, SBDC director, with a $2,000 grant for the center's Start Up! Program, which teaches aspiring female business owners the basics of launching a small business, according to the university. Ducceschi also presented Sondra Myers, director of the university's Schemel Forum, with $1,000 to support the annual University for a Day event on Saturday, Sept. 16., which will provide a one-day sample of the type of programs offered through the Schemel Forum.
High notes
Ben Martin, business representative from the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees Local 329, stopped by the Scranton Cultural Center to donate $1,000 to cultural center Executive Director, Deborah Moran Peterson.
The funds will support ongoing operations, restoration and programming at the center.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 10-day heatwave will hit in May with sunshine and warm weather expected for much of the UK.
Last weekend temperatures soared to record highs as the country baked in unseasonably warm weather.
This week temperatures have returned to the mid to low teens, which is considered average for this time of year.
However, forecasters are growing in confidence that it won't be too long before sunny skies and spring-time heat will make a comeback, according to the Weather Channel.
And the weather will be thanks to a western system moving in from the east - but it is not of the 'beast' variety this time.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise to above average again by the middle of next week.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Hot conditions in eastern Europe are expected to arrive in the UK as early as next week, meaning a 'Beauty from the East' is bringing us a warm start to May.
This is in stark contract to the Beast from the East that brought Britain to a standstill with snow at the start of the year.
Temperatures are then set to fall back again - before a 10-day heatwave arrives in in the middle of May.
The Met Office defines a heatwave as a period when "the daily maximum temperature of more than five consecutive days exceeds the average maximum temperature by 5 °C."
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But she said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range".
But before then, the weather will to revert back towards more typical conditions for the time of year with rain forecast every day this week thanks to a wave of the Atlantic low pressure systems.
Temperatures are also expected to drop below average by midweek, with forecasters warning of the risk of snow, sleet and frost in places.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
She told the Plymouth Herald .: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Forecasters are predicting temperatures will linger in the low teens across England and Wales.
Further north, values look set to dip into single figures at times and possibly close to freezing in parts of Scotland and northern England.
Overnight temperatures could plunge below 0C in Scotland and between 5-9C elsewhere, with risk of hard frosts developing in parts towards the end of the week.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
Some showers may even fall as sleet, hail or snow across high grounds in Scotland, the Lake District and the North Pennines.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "In the UK minimum temperatures are expected to lower to around 4-6C with a risk of frost.
"However, they will be closer to freezing at around 3C in places in Scotland with the risk of brief early morning frost."
LLEIDA, Spain (AP) — Clashes have erupted between police and protesters in Spain's northeastern Catalan city of Lleida after a judicial ruling ordered the city's museum to return 44 pieces of religious art to the neighboring regional government of Aragon.
Regional police cordoned off the area around Lleida Museum early Monday as technicians prepared to remove the disputed artwork.
Several hundred people turned up to protest the transfer and there were brief scuffles and police baton charges as officers tried to move them further away from the museum.
An Aragon provincial court had given till Monday for the museum to hand over the art — which was originally housed in the region's Sijena monastery — following a 2015 court ruling.
Catalonia bought the art from nuns in 1983 but the court ruled the sale illegal.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned." -- Baseball pitcher Bo Belinsky
If UnREAL's fictionalized version of the job is to believed, working on a show like The Bachelor or The Bachelorette is something that shouldn't be done for a long time — too many seasons spent manipulating other people, and you start to lose sight of what it's like to treat people nicely. To treat people fairly. Take, for example, Quinn. Quinn thinks she's helping out the women of UnREAL, but really, her twisted machinations single her out as just plain cruel. Spoilers for the March 19 episode.
There was a time when Quinn was on top of the world — Everlasting, the Bachelor-esque dating show she co-created — was a ratings juggernaut, and she was in love with Chet, the other creator and a general bigwig in the television business. But following a deadly car crash and disastrous ratings, Everlasting is on its last legs, and Quinn is on her last nerve. She's alone, relationship-wise, because Chet left her, Rachel left her, and she found out last season that she can't have children. But instead of these hardships making Quinn a more empathetic and kind person, Quinn has doubled down on the “tough bitch” shtick that got her to where she is today. The only difference is that now, there's no gooey caramel center beneath the crispy exterior — Quinn is cold and hard, and there's no going back.
Bettina Strauss/Lifetime
And this coldness reflects itself in the way that she reacts to the women around her. Quinn likes to talk a big game about empowering women, but in reality, the way she treats her staff is not just unprofessional, but nasty, too. Rachel was at the top of Quinn's producer list for years, but now that Rachel is asserting herself, not wanting to be a part of Quinn's manipulations (Rachel has her own problems), Quinn seeks to punish Rachel. Quinn knew that Rachel had eyes for a particular contestant on the show — which is a no-no, but we have to have some relative morality here — so Quinn seduced him and slept with him instead, basically just so Rachel couldn't have him. Quinn has played this withholding game for Rachel for years, but now, Rachel doesn't want to play back.
Madison was just a production assistant when she started back in Season 1, but now, she's sold a pilot and she wants to make her mark. In order to do that, she's sleeping with the head of the network. It's ill-advised, but Madison is a grown woman who can make her own choices here. Quinn is weirdly jealous of Madison's youth and eye for what's next, and so, she's taking her frustration out on Madison. But when she calls Madison aside in "Confront," Quinn frames it as that she's just trying to help. She tells Madison:
"You don't get it, do you? I'm hard on you because I'm trying to help you. Do you think Rachel got so good at her job because I was nice to her? You should be looking for a career that lasts and means something. Slow down, all right? You're trying to cut to the front of the line with Gary, and I promise you, that is not going to end well."
This tactic is as weird and damaging as when society tells little girls that the little boys who are mean to them are the ones that like them the most. Quinn is terrible to people she loves, and they're just supposed to put up with that. In reality, Quinn is deeply insecure, and what she calls building the women around her up is simply needlessly tearing them down.
And yet Quinn definitely doesn't believe that what she's doing is wrong, because it's gotten her to where she is today. But what does she have to show for it? She's driven everyone who could deign to get close to her away, and all she has is her job — a job that's slowly sinking into the ether. At one point, Quinn had it all figured out, and she thinks that women like Madison and Rachel should follow her lead. But today, Quinn's creeping irrelevancy is making her blind, and it's making her meaner that before. It's only a matter of time before she ends up truly alone and for good.
The council and the owners of a derelict Sheffield building where a student fell to his death were not aware of the ‘epidemic' of trespassing taking place, a coroner has said.
First year student Thomas Rhodes, 19, tragically died after falling from the ninth floor of former hotel, Hallam Towers, on Mother's Day - March 26 - last year.
He is believed to have visited the building alone.
At the conclusion of Thomas' inquest this afternoon, Sheffield Coroner, Christopher Dorries, said he did not think it was an undue exaggeration to describe the level of trespass at the site, which contains the hotel tower, as an ‘epidemic'.
“One only has to go through the evidence of students read here, and particularly those four present at the time Thomas was found, to realise access to the site (as opposed to the hotel) was not difficult,” said Mr Dorries, adding: “Despite efforts to dissuade trespassers, Thomas was able to access the site and the tower building without apparent difficulty.
"It is clear the building owners and the relevant parts of the local authority were not aware of the scale of the trespass at the time.”
The court heard how four students, all of whom were trespassing and were unknown to Thomas, were at the site around the time he fell at 3.15pm in the afternoon.
Mr Dorries recorded a narrative conclusion, a factual statement which does not attribute the cause of a person's to an individual or an organisation.
Speaking after the inquest, members of Thomas' family said they believed the building was in a ‘poor state of repair' and more should have been done over the last six years to prevent people from accessing the building.
Thomas' mum, Carmel, said: “I know that Thomas, along with many other students, was trespassing - but the point is he shouldn't have been able to.”
A spokesman for the Blenheim Group, who have owned the Hallam Towers site since 2015, said after Thomas inquest: "The Blenheim Group as a company, but also as human beings and as parents wish to express their sadness at Thomas' death.
"They recognise the shattering effect such a loss would have on any family, and clearly has had on Thomas' family. They wish to pass on their sincere condolences to his friends and family."
Sheffield Coroners' Court was also told how Thomas had suffered a ‘drug-induced' psychosis, for which he was admitted to hospital for 10 days in the summer before he began a geography degree at the University of Sheffield in September 2016.
Thomas was considered to be well enough to begin university by medics treating him near to his home town of Melton Mowbury, Leicestershire, providing he received a continuing level of care in Sheffield.
Consultant psychiatrist at Sheffield Health and Social Care NHS Foundation Trust Dr Jonathan Mitchell said an internal investigation into Thomas' care acknowledged there were a number of weaknesses in his care such as a lack of ‘face-to-face' meetings and a failure to carry out a formal, written risk assessment with Thomas when he was placed under their care.
Dr Mitchell said that a number of changes, including the introduction of an immediate risk assessment document to be filled out for all new patients, had been made following Thomas' death.
However, he concluded that he did not believe the completion of such a document would have made a difference to the outcome, should it have been found that Thomas had taken his own life.
Thomas' sister, Kate, now aged 17, helped to 'distract' him while he was going through his period of psychosis, which began during a family holiday to France.
Speaking after the inquest, Kate said the family and Leicestershire mental health services looked after him 'so well' that she feels disappointed the level of care did not continue when he came to Sheffield and was mainly conducted over the phone.
Mr Dorries said that while evidence heard during the inquest led him to consider whether Thomas may have taken his own life, he ‘did not get near the level of proof required' to return a conclusion of suicide.
More than 7,500 drivers have been caught speeding through the A14 and A1M roadworks in Cambridgeshire in just six months.
Cambridgehsire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Jason Ablewhite is asking drivers to stop putting lives at risk while driving through roadworks within the A14 Cambridge to Huntingdon improvement scheme.
The Commissioner is joining forces with Highways England and Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership to remind people of the dangers of ignoring restrictions after 4,500 people were caught speeding through the A14 roadworks between Cambridge and Huntingdon in the last six months.
At least 3,000 speeding tickets have also been issued on the A1 (traffic management section in relation to the A14) since January.
Police and Crime Commissioner, Jason Ablewhite said: “Whilst the majority of drivers obey the speed limits, the few who don't put their own lives and those of road workers at risk. Everyone has somewhere to be and by a certain time, but arriving safely to your destination is better that not arriving at all.
“As Police and Crime Commissioner I am committed to keeping our roads safe for all road users. Whilst the A14 improvement project is taking place, I am urging all drivers to be patient and to respect road workers so they can do the work they need to do safely. It's simple - drivers need to slow down near road works and obey the speed limits and signs.
“Where accidents do happen, I am pleased to see that Highways England have allowed extra space for emergency vehicles to get through and would like to thank drivers who pull over to allow blue light colleagues to pass safely.”
Research recently published by Highways England reveals a catalogue of serious incidents and near misses ranging from motorists driving into coned off areas where road workers are working to physical and verbal abuse.
On average there are nearly 300 incidents nationally a week of incursions and abuse reported by road workers who are working hard to improve Britain's 4,300 miles of motorways and strategic A road.
And between July 2017 and September 2017, of almost 3,500 incidents, 150 were serious, leading to four road workers and two motorists being injured.
Casualty Reduction Officer, Jon Morris said: “The speed restrictions on these roads are there to protect road workers and road users. To ensure everyone stays safe on these roads it is vital that people do not exceed the speed limit.
“Figures show us there are a number of people out there ignoring the temporary speed limits and I would urge those people to slow down and drive to the conditions of that road.”
Mike Evans, Senior Stakeholder Manager for the A14 upgrade at Highways England, added: “Safety is Highways England's first imperative, we believe no one should be harmed when travelling or working on our road network.
“Nobody needs a road so badly that somebody needs to lose their lives while maintaining or improving it. Since the beginning of the year, over 7,000 people have been caught speeding within our roadworks along the A14 and A1 in Cambridgeshire.
“Just because workers aren't visible, it doesn't mean they are not present. This is especially true when operations take place at night, but also applies when visibility is restricted by works vehicles and equipment.
“Think what it would be like if you had to contend with lorries and cars driving through your shop, office or school. Please respect our road workers – slow down near roadworks and obey speed limits and signs.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton Prep's Cullen Myers broke the school's career goals record when he scored his second goal of the game in the Cavaliers' 2-0 victory over Scranton in a Lackawanna League nonconference boys soccer game Friday.
Myers, who has 73 goals, broke the mark of 72 held by Noah Mencia since 2004.
Scranton 0 0 — 0 Scranton Prep 0 2 — 2
SECOND HALF: Cullen Myers from Alec Buttner, 41:10; Myers from Angelo Terrana, 72:09.
Shots-corners: SCR 5-4; SP 11-8.
Saves: Anthony Murria (SCR) 6, Garry Wrobleski (SP) 3.
Holy Cross 3, Elk Lake 2
At Holy Cross, Patrick Galvin scored in the second overtime to give Holy Cross a Division II win.
Kevin Valvano had a goal and an assist for Elk Lake.
Holy Cross (2-9) 1 1 0 1 — 3 Elk Lake (0-10) 0 2 0 0 — 2
FIRST HALF: Griffin Gilroy (HC) unassisted, 14:42. SECOND HALF: Kevin Valvano (EL) from Caleb Ely, 51:16; Alex Bradish (EL) from Valvano, 57:42; Nate Talbot (HC) unassisted, 67:18. OVERTIME: Patrick Galvin (HC) unassisted, 98:26.
Shots corners: HC 29-8, EL 19-4.
Saves: Tim Gilhooley (HC) 10; Jacob Kelley (EL) 14.
Girls volleyball
Ashley DeRiso had 20 points, eight aces and 5 digs to lead Abington Heights to a 3-0 win over Montrose in a Lackawanna League match.
Paris Koehler had five kills and nine points for the Lady Comets and Emma Baker had eight kills, five blocks and five points.
Radvile Vaiciulyte had six kills for Montrose.
Abington Heights (10-3) 25 25 25 Montrose (3-10) 15 14 11
JV: AH, 2-1.
Blue Ridge 3, Susquehanna 1
At Susquehanna, Alexis Stanley had 10 kills and Miranda Woosman had 29 assists to lead Blue Ridge.
Abby Hartman and Hunter Heeman each had seven kills for the Lady Raiders and Jerni Shell had 23 digs.
Mackenzie Rhone had 11 kills, seven blocks and 22 points for Susquehanna, Emily Lawrenson had five kills and 14 digs, Emily Frye had 10 assists and Kelsey Swartz had five aces, five kills, 11 digs and 26 points.
Blue Ridge (12-1) 27 25 21 29 Susquehanna (6-7) 25 16 25 27
JV: BR, 2-0.
Mountain View 3, Elk Lake 1
At Mountain View, Caitlyn Williams had 24 points and seven aces and Madison Williams had 15 points and five aces to lead the Lady Eagles.
Kelsey Rumola had 16 points for the winners and Isabelle Keating had 12 digs.
Abby Johns had 10 kills for Elk Lake.
Elk Lake (1-12) 20 15 25 19 Mountain View (2-11) 25 25 23 25
JV: MV, 2-1.
North Pocono 3, Wyoming Area 0
At Wyoming Area, Kelsey Kline had 11 points and 11 kills to lead North Pocono to a Wyoming Valley Conference win.
Maddie Hughes had 14 digs for the Lady Trojans, Ashley Darrow had eight points and six kills and Mikayla Haikes had six points, five digs and 11 assists.
Wyoming Area (3-8) 13 16 21 North Pocono (5-7) 25 25 25
JV: WA, 2-0.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
Mark Dombroski, a former Archmere Academy rugby player, has gone missing in the Caribbean. 3/19/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle just scored some real estate outside of London. The newlyweds have reportedly signed a two-year lease on a home on the Great Tew Estate in the Cotswolds, a source told Us Weekly.
The couple's official residence is Kensington Palace, but while renovations are taking place, they'll spend their weekends at a home called WestfieldLarge, which is an hour and a half outside of London, according to an insider.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The property is located on the same 4,000-acre plot as David and Victoria Beckham's country home and Soho Farmhouse, where Markle had her spa-themed bridal shower in March. The soirée was organized by the Duchess' friend, Markus Anderson, who's a consultant for Soho House.
The exact specifics on Harry and Meghan's new weekend home remain unknown, but it'll definitely have an idyllic setting. The Great Tew Estate is the kind of location with "spring lambs playing in rolling grassland, oak woods with a carpet of bluebells, chocolate box thatch cottages," according to its website. Sounds like a great romantic substitute while the couple delays their honeymoon.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Estate is "centered around" the village of Great Tew and Tew Park, but it hosts more than picturesque homes. An ironstone quarry and active farmlands are also on-site.
In addition to the Cotswold residence, Harry and Meghan are reportedly receiving a home as a wedding gift from the Queen. Her Majesty is expected to give York Cottage from her Sandringham Estate in Norfolk to the couple. (She gave Prince William and Kate Middleton Anmer Hall after they wed in 2011.)
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex currently live in the two-bedroom Nottingham Cottage at Kensington Palace, but they're rumored to upgrade to a 21-bedroom apartment on palace grounds, which is currently under construction.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is set to discuss his future with Manchester United.
The Swedish striker will meet with Jose Mourinho in the next week to consider the extra year option that is in his lucrative contract, according to The Sun.
Mourinho is reportedly keen to ensure that Ibrahimovic's deal is extended by a further year after the 35-year-old plundered 20 goals in all competitions in his debut English campaign.
It is believed that teams in the MLS and the Chinese Super League have shown interest in Ibrahimovic's services.
But United is pushing for assurances of his future as they plan their summer transfer dealings.
Griezmann has "doubts" over England move
(Photo: Getty)
Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann has moved to cool speculation that he is set for a summer switch to Manchester United, admitting that he has 'doubts' about moving the England, writes Mirror Football's Joe Mewis.
The Red Devils have been strongly linked with a big-money move to Old Trafford at the end of the season, with reports in France claiming he has agreed terms with Jose Mourinho's side.
But talking to RMC, the France international has admitted that the weather and media could prevent him from making a switch to the Premier League in the future.
“I have a lot of doubts about moving to England,” he said.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in The Frenchman shows off his goal-scoring ability Share this video Watch Next
“With Real Sociedad, I felt that I needed to leave. For the moment, I do not know where that desire came from. Who knows how the season will finish. If it finishes badly, maybe I will ask myself the question. For the moment, it is not relevant…
"Aside from that, I am asking myself where I could go. In Spain, there is Barcelona and Real Madrid. Barcelona has the three up top. Real Madrid, that is impossible because of the club I am at. I think that between them, there is a pact.
"Germany, the league does not attract me much. France, not for the moment. And England, I have a lot of doubts about my private life. Everything like rain, bad weather… I need to feel happy outside."
Rashford NOT stalling on new contract
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
Marcus Rashford remains committed to Manchester United and is not stalling on a new contract with the club.
There have been suggestions that Rashford, who exploded on to the scene last term with eight goals in just 18 games in a stunning debut campaign, is unhappy with his playing time this season.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's arrival and subsequent fine form have seen England international Rashford's opportunities more limited this time around.
But Mirror Football understands that Rashford remains happy at the club and isn't in any way considering his future.
Pereira's loan spell at Granada profiled
Manchester United youngster Andreas Pereira was sent out on loan to Granada earlier this season and has been putting in a decent stint in La Liga.
Although the Andalusian side are second bottom of the table after notching up just two wins in their 22 league matches, but Pereira is developing well.
A recent winner against Las Palmas was hit with the force of Paul Scholes or a young Wayne Rooney and a free-kick last month drew comparisons with Brazilian legend Ronaldinho.
"Andreas has an amazing talent, he has incredible vision and incredible technique," Mourinho said after the Brazilian scored in his maiden match at Wigan in July.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
"I've just spoke about two but the reality is that the kids without pressure in the calm environment - in a cool situation for them rather than the fire - was very good for them and very good for me to see what they can do."
Spain-based journalist David Cartlidge has followed Pereira's progress carefully and described the Las Palmas display as 'another hard-working, disciplined performance. Great work ethic throughout in box-to-box role, broke up play, tracked runners, covered danger zones and also broke with pace on counter. Very mature display. Granada would be lost without him.'
The Manchester Evening News spoke to David for a forensic insight into 21-year-old Pereira's progress - read his report here.
Test Boost Elite As you can in all likelihood bet throughTest Boost Elite the name, improve Your Bust will show you in the direction of getting bigger breasts thru completely herbal approach, and not using a shape or surgical procedure. What you assume to find interior enhance Your Bust guide is first off there are several and plenty of sorts of . the writer of improven. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
One milligram of VX, a nerve agent, can kill a person. Imagine the devastating effects of a large amount of weaponized VX released in the air over a large crowd. The Defense Threat Reduction Agency's Joint Science and Technology Office is working to lessen the repercussions of this type of attack by finding new ways to protect warfighters against a broad spectrum of chemicals that cross the blood brain barrier (BBB).
JSTO's Dr. Brian Pate is leading the department's basic research on warfighter recovery products and capabilities by formulating approaches to counter threats that affect the central nervous system. Developing this ‘brain rescue' will provide the capability to protect against and treat neurological insults resulting from exposure to organophosphate chemicals or threat agents.
Organophosphate pesticides such as paraoxon, and nerve agents including tabun, sarin, soman and VX, induce damage to the BBB — a protective cellular layer that prevents foreign materials from entering the brain. DTRA's multifaceted initiative uses innovative approaches to explain transport mechanisms across the BBB with the goal of understanding effects and designing improved in vitro and in silico models. Outcomes from this research will aid in developing new entries into the BBB to increase warfighter protection against alpha viruses and nerve agents. The program will also improve the ability to analyze risk and protect warfighters from a range of neuro-damaging infectious diseases and toxicants.
Currently, most medical countermeasures are prevented from crossing the anatomical BBB because they lack the characteristics to transverse this layer (i.e. receptor specificity, lipophilicity, polarity, etc.). Research teams at Johns Hopkins University, Sheba Medical Center, Columbia University and the University of Pittsburgh are collaborating to overcome these challenges.
The Johns Hopkins University team is using a multidisciplinary approach to focus on the transport of potential neurotoxicant antidotes across the BBB.In addition, a new strategy to transport oximes into the central nervous system is also under consideration. The team has engineered a unique set of state-of-the-art tools, including a novel artificial microvessel platform (see figure), a focused two-photon confocal microscopic in vivo imaging technique, and a mouse model to use in understanding relevant pathways within the brain. This provides a unique capability that assesses the influence of nerve agent simulants on the structure and function of the BBB.
A complementary effort at Sheba Medical Center investigates paraxon-induced BBB dysfunction via a triple arm mechanism exploring the cellular systems involved in transport, while examining possible countermeasures to reverse deleterious effects such as cell death that occurs post-exposure to nerve agents. The use of a magnetic resonance imaging has the benefit of scanning the entire central nervous system and is capable of longitudinal rather than the Johns Hopkins two-photon, high resolution imaging. Combining these two methodologies, using the low resolution scanning to identify the area of interest in the exposed neurological tissue samples followed by the high-resolution technique, gives micro and macro views of both structure and function following nerve agent insults, as well as how the BBB looks with medical countermeasures pretreatment.
Columbia University is also commencing work on a new broad based approach to isolate aptamers that stabilize acetylcholinesterase so that a nerve agent adduct will be unable to bind irreversibly to nerve agents. These aptamers will be used in transport mechanistic and structural studies to develop small molecule therapeutics capable of protecting acetylcholinesterase and enabling its reactivation.
In addition, a new effort at the University of Pittsburgh focuses on understanding the short and long term in vitro and in vivo effects post nerve agent exposure. This work examines novel oxime compounds and
antioxidants that may be capable of crossing into the central nervous system to more effectively reduce acute and chronic toxicity of nerve agents as compared to current drugs.
From broad-based approaches to focused efforts, these concurrent endeavors aim to enable medical countermeasures to transverse the BBB to protect against agents (short term); apply mechanistic control and transport existing drugs across the BBB that previously lacked central nervous system access (mid-term). These approaches demonstrate a proof of concept, which may be used in future research for medical countermeasure development.
The result of this program will provide a new generation of neurological rescue methods to protect warfighters exposed to chemical agents, in addition to building a more capable force prepared for emerging threats.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.17.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 15:06 Story ID: 230623 Location: FORT BELVOIR, VA, US Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Brain Rescue: Recovery From Neurological Attack, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Have your say
A dog was pulled to safety after falling through ice on a canal in Yorkshire.
Buddy, described as a seven-month-old raccoon dog, became stranded on part of the Leeds Liverpool Canal in Skipton which had iced over as temperatures plummeted.
But at about 2pm today, he feels through the ice and was trapped in the water.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to the scene, and managed to rescue the dog.
Firefighters used polls to pull him out of the water, a spokesperson for the service said.
They said the dog was "cold, but unharmed".
The frozen canal, Skipton. Picture: North Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service, Twitter.
It was returned to its owner.
Raccoon dogs are native to East Asia and while they look similar to raccoons, they are a small species of canine.
GREELEY, Colo. — Andre Spight set career highs with 41 points and eight 3-pointers to set Northern Colorado's single-game scoring mark as the Bears beat Montana State 86-63 on Saturday.
Jalen Sanders scored 12 points with a career-high 17 rebounds, Jonah Radebaugh added 11 points with 10 boards, and the Bears (15-9, 6-5 Big Sky Conference) made 10 3-pointers and shot 51.5 per cent from the field.
Northern Colorado led 15-8 after Spight hit his first set of back-to-back 3s, 33-25 after his second set, and 38-34 at halftime behind his 18 points.
Spight hit four 3s in a 16-6 run for a 54-40 Bears' lead and Northern Colorado led by 21 on Sanders' free throw with 3:21 to go. Spight scored seven straight points in the final 1:56.
Watch UNFILTERED, our brand-new interview show on Yahoo News involving different walks of people from around the country who have specific opinions on some of today's most debatable subjects.
(KTVI) – The St. Louis Fire Department and paramedic trainer Shawn Daniels are apologizing for false statements made by Daniels.
In January, the department posted a Facebook message stating Daniels was one of many first responders who ran to help victims after the Boston Marathon bombing in April of 2013.
But many in the northeast disputed that claim, and Tuesday the St. Louis Fire Department revealed Daniels made false statements to the department about his involvement at the Boston bombing site.
He was never there.
Daniels apologized for providing the false statements, and the department apologized for offending others in the first responder community.
Trump Guts Requirement That Employer Health Plans Pay For Birth Control
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
Updated 4:52 pm
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption, and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
It also sets up a fight between advocates of religious freedom and those of equal rights for women. The American Civil Liberties Union sued the Trump Administration within hours of the rule being published, claiming it violated the 14th Amendment's Equal Protection Clause, which ensures that all people receive equal protection under the law.
"The Trump Administration is forcing women to pay for their boss's religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri, in a statement.
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, which has 32,000 employees, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "Your long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an intrauterine device, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
In addition to the ACLU, Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, and California Attorney General Javier Becerra announced they too plan to file suit opposing the new rule.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Walking down Main Street in Deep Ellum you might notice a sign that says "Complimentary Mohawks."
Yes, Blade Craft Barber Academy will slice you up the funky do for free.99!
Why, you ask?
“Why do I want a Mohawk?" asks Micheal McNeal. He's the proud owner of a new Fohawk, "Because it's a symbol of modern day coolness.”
Oh, you meant to ask, why are they offering free Mohawks? “Just to be able to help out people who want a free haircut,” says Johnny Ortiz. (Or @The_BeardedBarber on Instagram.)
Also they offer them because practice makes perfect, and the students at the academy could use the extra challenge. “In this particular area, I think they are fairly popular,” says Ortiz as he points at McNeal. “People tend to have their own unique style, like he does.”
Oh, and also because Deep Ellum is, well… Deep Ellum.
McNeal says, “There is definitely like a artistic expression. Musicians who are down here, artists who are down here, and the Mohawk is a class for that style you know of the artist of musician type. And with me being a musician, it will fit really well.”
Yep. McNeal is one fo-hawking happy customer.
Maybe it's a sign that you should get a fresh cut too!
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FILE - In this Jan.. 6, 2009, file photo, Golden Globe statuettes are displayed during a news conference in Beverly Hills, Calif. Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (AP Photo/Matt Sayles, File)
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) — Nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards, announced Thursday in Beverly Hills, California, by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association:
MOTION PICTURES
—Picture, Drama: "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
—Picture, Musical or Comedy: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''The Greatest Showman," ''Lady Bird" and "I, Tonya."
—Foreign Language: "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
—Animated Film: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand," ''Loving Vincent."
TELEVISION
—Series, Drama: "The Crown," ''The Handmaid's Tale," ''This Is Us," ''Stranger Things" and "Game of Thrones."
—Series, Musical or Comedy: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
—Movie or Limited Series: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
—Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Robert De Niro, "The Wizard of Lies." Jude Law, "The Young Pope," Kyle MacLachlan, "Twin Peaks," Ewan McGregor, "Fargo," Geoffrey Rush, "Genius,"
—Actress, Musical or Comedy: Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"; Alison Brie, "Glow"; Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"; Issa Rae, "Insecure" and Frankie Shaw, "Smilf."
—Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"; Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"; Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"; William H. Macy, "Shameless" and Eric McCormack, "Will & Grace."
YORKSHIRE's textile industry is staging a revival with help from a project that was set up by the former Cabinet minister Sir Vince Cable.
The Textiles Growth Programme, a private and public sector partnership which was established by Sir Vince when he was Business Secretary, is helping to create jobs through a grant-funded scheme.
It supports capital projects, skills training and research and development in the textile industry.
Altogether, 113 textiles manufacturing businesses across West Yorkshire have invested £44.5m in the Textiles Growth Programme over the last four years, which has unlocked more than £10m in grants through the Government's Regional Growth Fund.
This has helped to create 1,124 jobs and 166 apprenticeships in the industry, a growth programme spokesman said.
Bill Macbeth, the managing director of the Huddersfield-based Textile Centre of Excellence, which has more than 100 textiles manufacturing businesses in its membership, said: “The Textiles Growth Programme has illustrated the willingness and capacity of companies to invest in the sector.
“It's also been instrumental in increasing the Government's awareness of the strength of the sector and its potential for growth.”
Mr Macbeth said the sector must move forward to develop its plans for skills development, export and innovation.
“This is particularly important as we prepare for Brexit negotiations,'' he added.
Sir Vince Cable said: “The textile industry was widely thought to be extinct in the UK, but some outstanding entrepreneurs, using new technology plus modest Government helps under coalition industrial strategy, have turned things around. Reshoring is real and growing.”
Lorna Fitzsimons, the founder and director of the Textiles Growth Programme, said the programme had been launched five years ago, to recognise the opportunity for increasing UK fashion and textiles manufacturing.
She added: “This started us on a journey which led to the most extensive study on supply and demand for UK fashion and textiles manufacturing in decades.
“There is still more to do but this is a success story no one saw coming.”
Textiles production in the UK was worth £9.1bn in 2016, according to research from the Textiles Growth Programme.
The programme focused on LEP (local enterprise partnership) areas, which had previously had a history of textile manufacturing, including West Yorkshire, Greater Manchester, Lancashire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and D erbyshire.
Exports of UK fashion and textiles have increased by 28 per cent since 2012, with 26 per cent of these exports heading to customers outside the European Union, the growth programme's research found.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A federal judge ordered a Bushkill man to serve house arrest and probation for fleeing park rangers at the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania announced Tuesday.
U.S. District Court Judge Robert D. Mariani sentenced Christopher Fish, 35, to four months of house arrest and two years of probation on Friday.
He had previously pleaded guilty to eluding police, a felony.
Driving a Honda Shadow motorcycle, Fish led rangers on a high-speed chase within the national recreation area, refusing to stop for a pursuing law enforcement officer, causing danger to others, said U.S. Attorney Bruce D. Brander.
The National Park Service conducted the investigation. Assistant U.S. Attorney Evan Gotlob prosecuted the case.
— PETER CAMERON
"Dad knew he was going to pass away and we were very kindred spirits," says Nixon. "We had deep conversations all the time. I understood and experienced things as a child that I think were hard to relate to my peers about. I did not relate to them at all really. To be honest I had a very hard time making friends.
"So I went to words to try to figure it out. Poetry and lyrics have spoken to me as long as I can remember so I just thought I am going to start writing in a diary, writing short stories, and trying every form of writing I can ever find. That's how it started. It was a way for me to understand my experience," says Nixon.
"Jann Arden was another a big influence on me as a kid," she notes. "I was 12. My dad had just passed away," recalls Nixon softly. "I was grappling with that and I was not very good at communicating. I was really upset. As a child I had this crazy idea that when Dad died because we were so close that I would go. When you go to sleep you think God is going to take me too if he has any kindness in his heart. I remember being so mad about it and not knowing how to talk about it. Then I heard Jann Arden's "Unloved."
"I thought somebody else across the world knows my heart in such a way. I want to do that for somebody at some point, and be good enough at this thing to make somebody feel that."
Her song "Waiting for Sirens" is a profound ballad that has two meanings for Nixon.
Her father often had to go to the hospital at night, so Nixon would sit up late and wait for sirens.
Nixon has also taught students raised in family violence.
"I had an epiphany," she notes. "I felt their stories were more important than mine in that moment. I thought if I ever get a voice that gets heard I want to be able to speak to that cause. So I do a lot of work with domestic violence."
As an extension of "Waiting For Sirens," Nixon launched an awareness campaign, in partnership with Alberta Music and (Country Artist Development Showcase) Project Wild, on behalf of families affected by violence. She has been visiting and performing in shelters all over Alberta, gathering the "siren" stories of front line workers and survivors as part of a video series to raise money to buy gifts for children in these shelters.
She says playing shelters is a "privileged place to be" as these women tell her their stories helping her to "give a voice to the voiceless."
Nixon has three children of her own: Austin, Abigail and Ava, who often appear in her writing and life observations as she continues to chase her music dream across the country.
She's looking forward to playing Kitchener with local singer-songwriter Lynn Jackson.
"Somehow I am being pulled in your direction," says Nixon, adding she's also playing Toronto's Dakota Tavern, and likely the Maritimes in June for Canadian Organization of Activities because her album is charting heavily on college radio.
"All of these songs are about identity, coming to terms and finding joy in life. So I can see you having an identity crisis when you become a mother. You have an identity crisis when you become an adult. So I think that's why the songs are working. Their themes are universal. That was intentional because I wanted to hook into people's hearts."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marvel fans can relax as the wait is almost over now as the quick-witted and tough as nails, gifted PI Jessica Jones returns to our screens in a teaser for the highly anticipated season two. The trailer's short and dirty but it does reveal quite a bit of info about this upcoming season.
Now known throughout the city as a super-powered killer, Jessica is confronted with a new case that forces her to dig deeper into her past.
Sticking with the sarcastic and tongue in cheek humour which made the first season so successful, our beloved anti-heroine takes a dig at the friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man as she snarls: ‘If you say, “With great power comes great responsibility”, I swear I'll throw up on you.'
The show's star Krysten Ritter appeared in The Defenders earlier this year, which saw Jessica Jones team up with Daredevil, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist .
The series got mixed review ut many hailed Ritter's character as a saving grace in providing the much-needed comic relief.
Whether any of her superhero friends will drop in to say hello has yet to be revealed but I wouldn't hold your breath as Daredevil started filming earlier this month and Luke Cage Season two is already in production.
Nevertheless, our favourite alcoholic detective will keep our appetite for action in check until Avengers 4 arrives on our screens.
The full 13 episodes of season two will be available on Netflix from 8 March 2018.
Gallup: “As Donald Trump prepares to take the presidential oath on Jan. 20, less than half of Americans are confident in his ability to handle an international crisis (46%), to use military force wisely (47%) or to prevent major scandals in his administration (44%). At least seven in 10 Americans were confident in Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in these areas before they took office.”
“Americans express somewhat more confidence in Trump to work effectively with Congress (60%), to handle the economy effectively (59%), to defend U.S. interests abroad as president (55%), and to manage the executive branch effectively (53%). But even in these areas, Americans are far less confident in Trump than they were in his predecessors, when comparisons are available.”
NEW YORK — The paint experts at Sherwin-Williams have chosen a deep sea-blue hue called Oceanside as their 2018 colour of the year.
The company described the pick Tuesday as evoking a wanderlust in an "opulent and mysterious" shade that serves as counterpart to a range of hues, from neon pink to desert taupe.
Sue Wadden, the company's director of colour marketing, says people today have a growing sense of adventure "and it is making its way into even the coziest corners of our homes."
She said there's a craving for "things that remind us of bright folklore, like mermaids and expeditions across continents."
She goes on to say that many of her clients, who receive five weeks of coaching on how to declutter, are too ashamed to invite anyone over to their houses.
Here are some tips for starting to declutter your home:
Work in two-hour time blocks at first. It's hard to make any progress in less time. Don't turn on the TV and don't pick up the phone. Stick with getting organized.
Take one small space at a time. For instance, organize just one drawer, one small closet or your briefcase.
Invest four hours total the first week. In this length of time, you can begin to experience some progress. Stick to four hours a week, until you can trim the time to one hour a couple of days a week.
Marian says that it helps to sort your items into four piles. The first pile is the sacred stuff you don't want to store, such as pictures, your favourite purse, or cookbooks you use a lot. The second pile is stuff you want to store out of sight: nice dishes, clothes for another season, or your high school memorabilia. The third pile is for the "trash" items, and the fourth pile is the "I don't know what to do with this" items.
Marian advises that you get the trash stuff into the trunk of your car quickly. It never comes back into the house. The sacred stuff must then be put in place. And next, the items you want to store should be placed in closets or drawers.
"The pile that you don't what to do with is the only one that will require sorting," says Marian.
She advises dealing with living areas, bathrooms, and the kitchen first. This way, you can begin to open up space to invite friends over.
"Get your whole family in on the act," Marian advises. "Train your kids and spouse to declutter. You'll feel more positive vibes in your home."
The three of us decided to use Marian's system. It works. After just one month of decluttering, we were amazed.
Emma H. Hopson and Ted Hagen, Tribune News Service
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am. It's Shock Collar Question of the Day! Answer the trivia question correctly, and you don't get shocked. But if you get it wrong, you WILL suffer the consequences.
Outcast Jack Wilshere features as Arsenal's Under-23 side head to Derby County for the start of the Premier League 2 season.
Wilshere will be keen to impress amid reports of interest from Serie A giants Juventus and Newcastle United, along with a number of other clubs.
Francis Coquelin and Kieran Gibbs are also in action, along with exciting young talent Reiss Nelson.
Coquelin was the only player from the quartet involved in the first-team's 4-3 win over Leicester City on Friday night.
Follow the live action as it happens below with Football.London's Tom Marshall-Bailey.
Pure Garcinia Cambogia Noteworthy weight reduction. A higher target is to have an incline and trim body deprived of overabundance fat in it and particularly around the waistline which is most defenseless against fat aggregations. Many individuals don't savor a definitive arrangement of abstaining from food and going to the exercise center and ..
http://www.optimumabs.com/pure-garcinia-cambogia/
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium.
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read "Peace" and green jerseys that read "Prosperity" — marched onto the court holding hands. Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102, with North Korea's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points, according to pool reports. The game between the men's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, didn't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday. It wasn't clear whether he would attend on Thursday.
"Once they started playing, the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them," said Lee Moon-kyu, the head coach of South Korea's women's team, who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia. Lee, who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games, said he was impressed with "No. 9 and No. 7 on Team Peace," referring to North Korea's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong.
North Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, said in a speech that the games reflect the "revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification."
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
"It feels like the first time I came here all over again," said Hur Jae, head coach of South Korea's men's national team, who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003. Hur, a former guard whose two sons are among the players who travelled to the North, talked about his friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun, a 7-foot-9 (2.35-meter) centre who anchored the country's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s.
LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) — Gian Clavell scored 20 points, Emmanuel Omogbo scored 19 and grabbed 16 rebounds for his 15th double-double this season as Colorado State held off a late surge to defeat Wyoming 78-73 on Tuesday night.
Prentiss Nixon scored seven of his 16 points in the final 34 seconds, burying a 3-pointer and making four straight free throws as Colorado State (18-9, 10-4 Mountain West Conference) won its fourth in a row and broke a string of five straight Wyoming wins in the cross-border rivalry series.
Clavell blocked two shots — one stopping the Cowboys from making it a two-point game in the final seconds.
After trailing by as many as 10 through the second half, Wyoming came within 70-69 with 1:03 remaining, and made it 73-71 on a Justin James bucket. Louis Adams hit two free throws to make it 75-73, but Clavell blocked a James jumper and Omogbo grabbed the board.
James led Wyoming (16-11, 6-8) with 23 points and Alan Herndon added 15 with 12 rebounds.
El Hijo, La Antropólogo De La Cumbia, Returns
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Cumbia has become the lingua franca of Latin American music. A 2/4 beat that started in colonial Colombia, it has spread throughout Latin America, varying funkily throughout the continent.
So it makes sense that the artist who calls himself El Hijo de la Cumbia ("The Son of the Cumbia") lives in... Malmö, Sweden?
Originally from Buenos Aires, El Hijo de la Cumbia is one of the most respected names associated with the so-called Nu Cumbia movement, which has combined the form with dancehall and other urban influences. El Hijo has only released one album, but his creative approach to combining cumbia with other approaches has made him an in-demand producer in the U.S. and Mexico.
El Hijo's new album, Genero, Genero, is a perfect exploration of his musical mind. He calls himself a musical anthropologist and, in a statement released with the new album, says that the new record "is, without a doubt, a new beginning for me... I spent 10 years traveling the world, learning and absorbing new styles and rhythms."
"Che Revolution," the album's first single, is a collaboration with Cuban vocalist, flautist and emcee La Dame Blanche. A very-dancehall horn riff bounces behind Blanche's effect-dripped vocals, riding a deep cumbia groove both familiar and new.
Che Revolution (ft La Dame Blanche) 4:17
Other collaborators on Genero, Genero include the Mexico City-based electronic masters Mexican Institute of Sound, Argentine-Jamaican dancehall sensation Alika y Nueve Alianza and accordion master Celso Piña on the record's standout track, "Ritmo Realidad."
Ritmo Realidad 5:16
On Alt.Latino, I've mentioned many times just how fascinated I am with studio magicians, artists who can manipulate sound to create soundscapes like brave new worlds, where the depth of what we hear flexes and breathes from one listen to the next. Take a listen to "Buen Dia, Buenas Noches" — with headphones, preferably — for just such an experience. The deep hints of cumbia dissolve into funk, driven by the song's bass, before floating away on a typically cumbia-associated accordion riff.
Buen Dia. Buenas Noches 4:34
I'll be listening to El Hijo's Genero, Genero very slowly but surely, absorbing the intricate nuances of his studio wizardry. I hope you enjoy too.
Bill Browder, Kremlin Critic, Briefly Arrested In Spain For Murky Reasons
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images
For a brief time Wednesday, Bill Browder was in Spanish custody. The London-based businessman and vocal Kremlin critic had been arrested in Madrid on what Browder says was a Russian warrant issued through Interpol.
Formerly a major investor in Russia, Browder has spent the better part of a decade waging an international crusade against corruption in Russian President Vladimir Putin's government. He pushed for the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which punished several prominent Russians with U.S. sanctions, and lately he has spoken frequently of Russian attempts to influence the domestic affairs of other countries.
In fact, Browder said it was this "mission" that brought him to Madrid — until, that is, Spanish police detained him. Authorities released Browder just a few hours later, but not before he fired off several tweets chronicling the arrest as it unfolded.
"Urgent: Just was arrested by Spanish police in Madrid on a Russian Interpol arrest warrant," he announced to his followers Thursday morning. "Going to the police station right now."
He even tweeted a picture of the apparent warrant from the Spanish central government, seeking his arrest for fraud, which a Russian court has convicted him of in absentia.
He was released just a few hours later, after remaining in custody "for the minimum necessary time," the Spanish National Police Corps said.
It was not long before Browder hopped on a plane out of Spain and put the arrest in his rear view — but questions continue to eddy around why, exactly, the activist and commentator was arrested in the first place.
Browder asserted that his detainment came because Russia had obtained an active Interpol Red Notice, or a formal request that one Interpol member country arrest a suspect based on a valid warrant issued by another member country. He noted that Thursday's dust-up was, in fact, "the result of a SIXTH Russian arrest warrant using Interpol channels."
Russia allegedly tried so many times to arrest him, in fact, that Browder wrote a whole book about those attempts, titled Red Notice.
"It's all very scary," Browder told NPR's Rachel Martin last fall. "It's not just arrest. They could try to assassinate me on the street. They've made these threats, and so I am genuinely Putin's No. 1 foreign enemy, and they'd like to wipe me out one way or another."
Spanish law enforcement said officers let Browder go after it was "verified by INTERPOL Spain that the arrest warrant issued by the Russian authorities for tax evasion was invalid."
"An arrest warrant has a date limit and when that expires, it must be deleted from the computer programme and in this case Interpol hadn't deleted it," a police spokesperson clarified to Agence France-Presse.
Yet Interpol denies that there was even an official Red Notice to begin with.
"There is not, and never has been, a Red Notice for Mr Bill Browder," the international law enforcement agency told NPR in a brief emailed statement, adding that "Mr Browder is not wanted via INTERPOL channels."
The agency, which has 192 member countries, did not clarify further.
While Russia has "repeatedly repeatedly requested Mr. Browder's arrest through Interpol," The New York Times reports, "... its requests have been refused repeatedly. In 2013, in a rare and sharp rebuke, Interpol said Russia's request to arrest Mr. Browder 'was of a predominately political nature.' "
It remains unclear, then, how the warrant surfaced and drew Spanish law enforcement's attention Wednesday.
At any rate, Browder landed in London safely later Wednesday, noting that he was "no worse for the wear."
"Getting ready for more Magnitsky sanctions advocacy next week," he tweeted.
The Ministry of Defence has fallen “woefully short” with its plan to meet the housing needs of troops, a new report has claimed.
he Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) has told the Government it runs the risk of driving people away from the Armed Forces unless a “coherent and detailed” housing strategy is developed.
We are committed to providing our troops with accommodation that meets their needs and is good value. A Ministry of Defence spokeswoman
The think tank's paper, entitled The Home Front: The Future Accommodation Model For The UK Armed Forces, calls on the MoD to make significant changes to housing provision if it is to stay “affordable and relevant”.
The paper suggests that the Armed Forces “should give increased priority to families' accommodation” and recognise that it is a significant element in the overall employment offer.
While RUSI acknowledges that the MoD has recognised the need to reform through its Future Accommodation Model (FAM), the paper argues that the plans for this initiative are “woefully short on detail and methods of delivery, frustrating representatives of service families and other stakeholders”.
The authors underline that “there is significant unease that the current FAM ambition will drive people, potentially, to leave the military rather than properly aiding retention”.
Moreover, the report states that the FAM does not adequately address the reality that the Army, Royal Navy and Royal Air Force have differing needs and preferences for families' living accommodation.
RUSI also points to the sell off of more than 55,000 service family homes to Annington Property Limited in 1996 as “significant”.
The MoD was criticised in January after the National Audit Office (NAO) found the ministry was up to £4.2 billion worse off for the sale.
The MoD has since rented them back on 200-year underleases, and is paying more than £178 million a year for the remaining 39,000 properties.
RUSI's report states that the sale has brought year-on-year financial obligations to the ministry that it is “struggling to manage effectively and to afford”.
In North Yorkshire, efforts to turn Catterick Garrison into a “super garrison” will see thousands more servicemen and women move into the town over the next 15 years.
Europe's largest Army base is set to become one of the fastest growing towns in the country and will more than double in size when the number of service personnel based there increases by 50 per cent.
An MOD spokeswoman said: “We are committed to providing our troops with accommodation that meets their needs and is good value. In the last three years, we have invested over £500m in housing and pledged a further £1.8bn through our Army Basing Programme to build thousands of new homes across the UK.
“Our Future Accommodation Model will offer increased choice to a greater number of personnel and we have been clear we will consult troops and their families as this develops.”
In the short term, the paper recommends:
The Armed Forces should give increased priority to families' accommodation within the employment offer. In particular, increased financial and MoD management resources should be allocated to families' accommodation.
An Armed Forces Covenant Programme Office, arms' length from the MoD, should be established, with the review and assurance of accommodation provision for the armed forces as one of its key responsibilities.
A full test and evaluation programme for the FAM should be developed now and managed as a coherent assessment phase programme.
F1: 5 biggest crashes at the British Grand Prix in chronological order
Pranav Mathur FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 39 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:00 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
1981 British Grand Prix
Silverstone circuit is the current home of British Grand Prix which it hosted for the first time in 1948. It hosted the first race of the newly created 'World Championship of Drivers' in 1950. The track used to be an ultra-fast speed circuit before 1990 when it underwent a major redesign. This transformed it into a more technical track. Nigel Mansell won the first grand prix on the redesigned circuit.
Following the major safety restructure across all formula 1 circuits in 1994, the entry from Hanger straight into Stowe corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous. In addition, the flat-out Abbey kink was modified to a chicane before the 1994 Grand Prix.
In its long history, the track has seen some notable crashes involving some of the leading drivers of their generation. Let's have a look at some of them.
#1 Multiple car crash on lap 1, 1973
At the end of the opening lap, Jody Scheckter triggered huge multiple accidents when his McLaren ran wide onto the grass coming out of Woodcote, then spun back into the pit wall.
As the cars arrived at Woodcote Corner at the end of the first lap Scheckter lost control and spun across the track into the pit wall. The car bounced back into the middle of the road as the main pack arrived. Eight other cars were involved in the shunt. The race was stopped.
It was the tail of Scheckter's McLaren that began to slide out and he was too late in applying a correction. The McLaren spun right across the track and it hit the retaining wall of the pits and bounced back into the middle of the track.
Other cars barreled down on the stranded McLaren and mayhem ensued. Scheckter was hit and eight other cars were involved in the shunt and eliminated on the spot, including the entire three-car team of John Surtees, as drivers took avoiding action only to collect one another. American driver Peter Revson won the restarted race.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
BEST SEASON
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket he loves to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if he wins all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after he won five times last season, including his first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. He has backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where he made two birdies on the par-5 18th — with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But he went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, he won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
TIGER ANNIVERSARY
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had his fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would he ever play again? Did he even want to play again? And if he did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
He recorded a swing speed of 129 mph. He was runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if he missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that he didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that he played three of his six tournaments on courses where he has never won.
THE REVIVALS
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
His victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when he ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost his full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that he was in the Masters, when in fact he needed to win one more match (which he lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
For more information on the events below and others, visit the city's newsletter at http://bit.ly/2r7Tk9o
Coast Hwy 101 Banner Exhibit
Travel along Coast Highway 101 and see vinyl banners high up on the light posts through July 4.
The art pieces promote the San Diego County Fair theme, "Where the West is Fun."
Thursday Family Fun Night
Every Thursday through Aug. 31, from 4:30 to 8 p.m., families can enjoy outdoor fun in Hamilton Children's Garden at the San Diego Botanic Garden, 230 Quail Gardens Drive. Kid-friendly live entertainment will be provided from 6 to 7 p.m. The event is free with paid admission or membership.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2rtHTYp.
Fairy Festival
Children and parents are invited to celebrate summer at the annual Fairy Festival at San Diego Botanic Garden, 230 Quail Gardens Drive, on June 17 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The Fairy Festival features fairy-themed activities, where children may wear their favorite fairy costume, visit our official Fairy Princesses Violette, Juniper and Blue Bell in an enchanted garden for a photo op, leave their wishes at a magic wishing bush, shop in the Fairy Land Market, and enjoy fairy themed crafts.
Children can assemble their own flower fairy doll and fairy baby, and can build a house from natural material and an enchanted swing for their fairy doll, or decorate a coconut shell cradle for the baby. Furthermore, children may paint a wooden treasure chest or ceramic castle, build their own magic wand and assemble a fairy dust necklace.
Adults are asked not to dress up for the festival. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2s1hPW6
Families Make History: Art Rocks!
The San Dieguito Heritage museum every Saturday and Sunday from noon to 4 p.m. in the month of June will present a free class where participants can paint and decorate small rocks, gathered from local beaches. The classes will take place at 450 Quail Gardens Drive.
Blue Star Museum Program
The San Diego Botanic Garden will offer free admission to all active duty, National Guard and Reserve members of the U.S. military and their families May 1 through Labor Day on Sept. 4 as part of the national Blue Star Museum Program.
Military members who show their active duty I.D. cards are invited to bring up to five immediate family members. Attendees will be able to enjoy the 37-acre Botanic Garden, featuring 29 uniquely themed gardens and 4,000 different plant species. There are also children's gardens and special events held throughout the summer, including Thursday Family Fun Nights each Thursday from June 1 through Aug. 31; Fairy Festival on June 17; and Insect Fest on July 22 and 23. For more information, visit www.sdbgarden.org/events.htm
Walking tour of Historic Encinitas
The Encinitas Historical Society will hold a free walking tour of Historic Encinitas on Saturday, June 17. The tour, which is led by an Encinitas Historical Society volunteer, begins at 10:00 a.m. in the classroom of the 1883 Schoolhouse, located at 390 West F Street.
The tour provides participants with interesting facts about Encinitas' history, including how Encinitas came to be known as the “Flower Capital.” Attendees will also learn why early settlers came to town in the 1880s and hear interesting anecdotes about the early owners of many historic buildings. They will learn about Encinitas' first “recycler,” Miles Kellogg, who built many buildings in the 1920s including the iconic boathouses—the most photographed buildings in Encinitas.
The tour finishes around noon. For more information about the walking tour, call the Encinitas Historical Society President Carolyn Cope at (760) 753-4834.
Peter Pupping to hold guitar classes
Noted Encinitas-based guitar performer and teacher Peter Pupping is inviting guitarists of all genres to improve their skills, musicianship and technique with hands-on teaching and musical training in a small group setting. The class will focus on improving chord vocabulary, music reading, scales and improvisation for intermediate through advanced students.
The class will meet for six Mondays from 7 to 9:30 p.m. at Ranch View Baptist Church, 416 Rancho Santa Fe Rd., in Encinitas, beginning Monday, June 12 and ending July 24. There is no class July 3. Participation is $225, and includes course materials.
For more information, contact Peter Pupping at Guitar Sounds, (760) 815-5616 or peter@guitarsounds.com, or register at www.encinitasguitarorchestra.com on the registration tabs.
Summer reading kickoff
John Abrams will present Animal Magic, which blends magic, comedy, music and live exotic pets, on June 16 at 1 p.m. at Cardiff Library, 2081 Newcastle Avenue.
For more information about this free event, call 760-753-4027.
Music By The Sea: Firebird Balalaika Ensemble
The ensemble will perform with Russian traditional instruments and costumes on June 16 at 7:30 p.m. at Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive.
Tickets are $14. For more information, call 760-633-2746.
Volunteer for Coastal Habitat at San Elijo Lagoon
Join the nature workout while improving lands for coastal sage scrub plants and animals on June 17 from 9 a.m. to noon.
Volunteers are encouraged to help collect native plant seeds and to remove invasive plants.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2riN0fD.
Book Nook Sale
Shoppers can fill paper grocery bags with books from select tables for $3 or purchase individual books for 25 cents each at Cardiff Library, 2081 Newcastle Avenue, on June 17 from 9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m.
For more information, call 760-635-1000.
Draw/Paint at the San Elijo Lagoon with Linda Luisi
Linda Luisi will host this class at the San Elijo Lagoon Nature Center, 2710 Manchester, on June 17 from 9:30 to 11:30 a.m.
Participants can learn to create the ripping tide and express themselves with colorful strokes. They should bring their own supplies and a chair.
The class costs $25. For more information and to register, visit http://bit.ly/2sUIzVc.
Lux Season Finale: Jorge Pardo
MacArthur Fellow and highly acclaimed artist Jorge Pardo will lead an art discussion in the garden to close out Lux's last artist residency of the season on June 17 from 5 to 9 p.m. at 1550 S. El Camino Real.
Jorge's incredible art is on view.
Robert Desimone joins Kress Communications, a South-Florida based public relations firm, as a summer intern. He is currently studying Public Relations as a major at the State University of New York College at Oswego in Central New York, from which he also received an associates degree in communications in June 2017.
A resident of Syracuse, N.Y., Desimone has a strong background in customer service as well as assisting in the public relations efforts with the communications team at Shrine Circus, a 112-year-old circus that performs throughout the U.S.
In his role as a registered intern earning college credits with Kress Communications, Desimone says he plans to garner as much information about the field of public relations and how practitioners put their professional skills to use for clients.
“I am looking forward to the experience of working with Kress Communications team, learning the ropes in a city of such international significance as Miami,” said Desimone, a 20-year-old Junior. “I will be assisting in providing traditional forms PR, such as press conferences and writing press releases, but I also look forward to growing my knowledge of digital communications by creating e-newsletters and social media campaigns to boost client awareness.”
Founded in 2015, Kress Communications focuses on expanding public exposure and brand awareness for non-profits, small businesses, public officials, and emerging talent across South Florida. The portfolio includes such accounts as The Barnacle Historic State Park, Prime Air & Ocean Cargo, Brickell Energy, Ladies of Valor Empowerment (LOVE) of North Miami, and rising talent Georgina Paez.
“We are thrilled to have Rob Desimone join us over the 10-week summer period, acting as a key member of the Kress Communications team,” said Bill Kress, President of Kress Communications. “We plan to tap from the fresh skills and techniques he is learning in PR school, which will no doubt broaden our appeal to the younger audience — a segment of the market that is ever changing. It is going to be a win-win experience having Rob a part of our team.” Kress is also a product of the State University of New York, graduating with an English degree from SUNY New Paltz, in the previous century.
For information, contact Kress Communications via email at info@kresscom.com or by calling 305-763-2429. Also visit https://www.facebook.com/KressCom/.
WWE News: Cris Cyborg implies that she isn't facing Becky Lynch at SummerSlam because of Ronda Rousey
Cris Cyborg blames Ronda Rousey her SummerSlam match falling through.
@johny_payne by Johny Payne News 14 Aug 2017, 21:12 IST
Cris Cyborg throws shade at her MMA rival---Ronda Rousey.
What's the story?
Cris Cyborg has taken to social media in order to fire off a rather subtle shot at Ronda Rousey, implying that the latter is the reason behind ‘Cyborg' not being recruited by the WWE to face Becky Lynch at SummerSlam.
Disappointed @BeckyLynchWWE isn't stepping into the ring with me #summerslam I heard a 4 horse woman doesn't want me in the @wwe ring b4 her — #UFC219 CyborgVHolm (@criscyborg) August 12, 2017
In case you didn't know…
Ronda Rousey previously worked with the WWE in a segment alongside The Rock, Stephanie McMahon and Triple H at Wrestlemania 31 and has reiterated her love for the sport of professional wrestling and the WWE.
On the other hand, Cris Cyborg and Becky Lynch have been exchanging barbs for quite some time now on social media, with Cyborg lobbying to face ‘The Irish Lass Kicker' in a professional wrestling match at WWE's August 20th PPV SummerSlam.
The heart of the matter:
On that note, given the fact that SummerSlam is upon the WWE Universe, the WWE is yet to book Becky Lynch in a match for the event.
Furthermore, Ronda Rousey is part of MMA's ‘Four Horsewomen' stable and Cris Cyborg has subtly chosen to allude that the WWE's disinterest in signing her for a potential appearance at SummerSlam may be because of Cyborg's relationship with the WWE higher-ups. Here's what Cyborg stated:
“Disappointed @BeckyLynchWWE isn't stepping into the ring with me #wwesummerslam I heard a 4 horse woman doesn't want me in the @wwe ring b4 her”
What's next?
Cris Cyborg seems to be all set to defend her UFC Women's Featherweight Championship against Holly Holm at UFC 219.
On the other hand, Becky Lynch hasn't been booked for an appearance at SummerSlam, whereas Ronda Rousey is rumoured to be training for a career in professional wrestling.
Author's take
In my opinion, the WWE would benefit more with Rousey as their representative rather than Cris Cyborg since the former Invicta Champion has failed steroid tests multiple times in her career, and the WWE has previously been at the centre of steroid/illegal PED controversies.
Besides, with Rousey's charisma and star power, who wouldn't love to see her grace the WWE ring?
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
I was taught growing up that you'll fall asleep more easily if you imagine jumping sheep and count them, but this never seemed to work for me. The image's repetitive nature would bore me, and my own thoughts would take over. This left me wondering, what should I do with my mind when I'm lying in bed trying to sleep?
"Laying in bed with a racing mind is nothing short of torture," Corey Phelps, health and wellness educator and Founder and CEO of Cultivate by Corey, tells Bustle. "You seem to have a keen awareness of every minute passing, which amplifies stress and perpetuates an endless stream of thought, each thought a roadblock to the ultimate goal of a restful night's sleep."
When you're having trouble falling asleep, it may be tempting to worry about the insomnia itself. But this will only make sleep much more difficult. Remind yourself that just by lying down and closing your eyes, you're already getting rest, and you can have a good day tomorrow no matter how much sleep you get.
So, what should you do, then? Here are some mental tricks that might help you fall asleep if counting sheep doesn't cut it for you.
1 Count Backwards Maksym/Fotolia This task is a winning combination of boring and mentally taxing, so your mind will want to give up and check out. "Pick a random high number (like 106), and count backwards from there," licensed social worker and therapist Tracey M. Phillips, PhD tells Bustle. "You probably will not make it past 10 numbers before you are asleep."
2 Try To Stay Awake DavidPrado/Fotolia Often, your mind will do the opposite of what you try to make it do. "Strange enough, when you are trying to fall asleep, your mind will fight it," says Phillips. "If you try to stay awake (without distraction), your mind will also fight it." So, use reverse psychology and tell your mind to stay awake.
3 Do A "Brain Dump" Руслан Галиуллин/Fotolia Phelps recommends writing down all your thoughts in a journal before bed to get them out of your head. "It doesn't have to be complete sentences or neatly crafted," she says. "This exercise is meant to free your mind and provides a receptacle for the ideas that are racing through your brain and preventing you from relaxing and achieving sleep."
4 Do The 4-7-8 Breathing Exercise saksit/Fotolia For this technique, created by Dr. Andrew Weil, you inhale through your nose while counting to four, hold your breath for a count of seven, then exhale through your mouth for a count of eight. Phelps suggests repeating this four times if you're having trouble falling asleep. We take breathing for granted, but it's a highly powerful way to control our minds and bodies.
5 Squeeze And Relax Your Muscles Ashley Batz/Bustle "This technique operates on the principle that you must know tension to know relaxation," Phelps explains. Starting from your head down to your toes, tighten each muscle for three to five counts, and then relax it. "By the time you reach your feet, your entire body will be relaxed and primed for sleep," says Phelps.
6 Make A Mental Gratitude List StockPhotoPro/Fotolia "Count all of the things you are grateful for that brought contentment to your day — from people in your life to accomplishments you made to kindness that was shown to you," psychiatrist Carole Lieberman, MD tells Bustle. This will not only give your mind something to do but also help you relax.
7 Create A Mnemonic To-Do List DavidPrado/Fotolia Thinking about what you need to do tomorrow can stress you out, but sometimes, you're too tired to write it down. So, one exercise that can both give your mind something to do and ensure you get everything done the next day is to create mnemonics for your to-dos. "For example, if you need to Call your mom, Ask a client to pay their overdue balance, Look for the perfect lingerie to wear for the weekend, and Make an appointment with your dentist, then remember the mnemonic C.A.L.M.," says Lieberman.
NEW YORK, N.Y., May 30, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Wondershare Technology, one of the leading software development enterprises of New York, announced today the release of their latest mobile application, the dr.fone-Erase for users, worldwide.
Compatible with iOS 11, the dr.fone-Erase works seamlessly with the majority of the iPhone models, all models of the iPad Pro, iPad Air, and iPad Mini. It is also compatible with the iPod touch 5 and the iPod touch 4. The application also has a Windows and Android compatible version available.
While the original app allows users to protect their data and maintain their privacy by erasing their personal information, permanently, the new features of the latest update enable you to clear up valuable space within the phone and compress pictures without affecting their quality.
With dr.fone-Erase, everything can be deleted: messages, notes, contacts, and call history. With this app, removing your personal information to ensure complete maintenance of privacy is as simple as pressing a button. The data, once erased, is unavailable to even the most accomplished hacker or professional identity thief. Even the calendar details, reminders, and Safari bookmarks can be wiped out permanently from the iPhone/iPad.
For iPhones, iPads, and iPods, the dr.fone-Erase software not only clears up the private data from any and all hidden archives of the digital device, it also helps get rid of the unwanted extra data such as the entry logs, caches, downloaded images, videos, and cookies that are generated with every file.
The app wipes out the system junk files and the unwanted temp files that crowd the iPhone storage and adversely affect the speed and performance of the iOS system. Once removed, the devices work so much faster and smoother than before.
That's not all, keeping in mind the millennial obsession with high-quality photographs, the dr.fone-Erase's latest feature helps compress pictures, downsizing them up to 75% to free up valuable photo space without compromising on the integrity of the image.
The export feature makes it easier for the user to move the photographs to the computer for backup purposes, further freeing up storage on the iOS device.
“We are pleased to share with you, users from around the world, the dr.fone-Erase with new and improved functionality,” said Tobee Wu, founder and CEO of Wondershare Technology. “We always strive to provide a valuable and enhanced user experience for our audience with state-of-the-art technological advancements, and we are very excited to launch these features with the iOS 11. We think privacy concerned individuals will truly appreciate being able to secure their confidentiality under any and all circumstances.”
Dr.fone-Erase is available as a paid app on the Apple Store, Google Play and Windows Store.
Learn more about other Dr.fone apps here: https://drfone.wondershare.net/.
News Source: Wondershare Inc.
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/wondershare-dr-fone-introduces-the-latest-erase-ios-update/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
A new face is coming to the Real Housewives of Dallas and it's one that will make fans melt. Brandi Redmond adopted a baby boy, People revealed Wednesday. His name is Bruin Charles and the Housewife and her husband, Bryan Redmond, couldn't be more thrilled about the latest addition to their family. The couple is also parents to 9-year-old Brooklyn and 6-year-old Brinkley. "It's changed our lives forever," Brandi said. "We are obsessed with him, my whole family is. We're just so blessed."
Bruin, who also has reddish hair like the rest of the family and was born on Dec. 31, 2017, got his name from one of Bryan's favorite sports teams. "When I was pregnant with Brinkley, the doctor's said that she was a boy and my husband always loved the name Bruin," Brandi explained. "My husband's into sports and I think he's a UCLA fan [despite the fact that] he didn't go there. And he just loved that name. So Brinkley was 'Bruin' for a little bit until they said, 'Oh no, it's a girl.'" As for Charles, it's a "family name".
The way the adoption happened sounds like something straight out of a movie. Bruin was awarded to the state of Texas at birth by his teenage biological parents. Social workers struggled to find him a home, when a friend connected to a social worked reached out to Brandi and Bryan.
"It happened pretty much overnight," Brandi said. "He was in the neonatal intensive care unit because he was born prematurely, so we flew out of Dallas — he was still in Texas — and we met him in the hospital. We just immediately fell in love."
As RHOD fans recall, Season 2 featured Brandi's fertility struggles and her opening up to best friend and co-star Stephanie Hollman about having a miscarriage. Brandi also said in an episode how much it would mean to Bryan to have a son. Brandi also worried in the second season if her choosing to have plastic surgery (a "mommy makeover") after her two daughters were born caused her to struggle to have another child.
"With my mommy makeover, my core of my stomach was separated,” Brandi said in the Season 2 episode. "So they sewed it back together very tightly, and I was made aware that if I were to have another pregnancy, that baby may not be able to grow to full term."
However, the doctor she went to see about her miscarriage and pregnancy issues told Brandi she shouldn't blame herself, because many women get pregnant post-"mommy makeover" surgery. The doctor also said the plastic surgery probably didn't cause her miscarriage, either.
Unfortunately, Brandi couldn't conceive naturally. She and Bryan decided their family of four was perfect enough, despite Brandi never feeling like it was "complete" yet.
"I'm blessed to have two beautiful children, but even after having them, in my heart, I knew it wasn't complete," she told People. "So we tried again for years. But my fertility was on the decline, and in October, Bryan and I said, ‘You know what, we're not going to even try anymore.' I turn 40 in July, and there are so many risks. We just said, 'Our family is fine with the four of us.'"
Brandi, who's one brother is also adopted, said they never even thought about looking into the adoption process. But, welcoming Bruin, whose adoption was closed, into their family kind of fell into their laps.
This is definitely an exciting time for Brandi, and her fellow Housewives are congratulating her on the adoption of Bruin. Former RHOD star Tiffany Hendra commented on Brandi's Instagram announcement, "God gives us the desires of our hearts [double heart emoji] What a beautiful blessing! Congrats [party hat emoji]". Brandi's BFF, Stephanie, also tweeted, "Congrats! Love you girl! So happy for you and your sweet family". Monique Samuels from the Real Housewives of Potomac also sent Brandi love by tweeting, "Congratulations!!!! This is awesome! God bless you!!! @AdoptTogether here's a great story of adoption".
Fans will even get to see Bruin's adoption whenever RHOD returns for its third season. "They followed the whole thing from start to finish," Brandi revealed to People.
Brandi's pain of miscarrying and not being able to carry a baby to full term made for a hard Season 2, but it sure sounds like her third season of Housewives will be quite the joyous one.
There's something about casual sex that has captured the cultural imagination since the first non-committed couple decided to bed down for a quickie. Regardless of where you land on the spectrum, you're likely to have an opinion about no-strings-attached sex.
Although some folks think it's NBD and a natural part of life to hit it and quit it, others deem casual sex too emotionally taxing or physically risky to engage in — and even destructive or immoral. But now that consensual non-monogamy has permeated popular culture to a greater degree, there is more discussion about what kinds of personality types are best suited to casual sex, how you can have casual sex more safely, and how you can get the most out of it.
From analyzing friends-with-benefits situations and one-night-stands to short and sweet flings, contemporary studies on casual sex are digging into the pluses and minuses of limited engagements more than ever before. And although researchers can be biased too, there is a broader body of work out there for public consumption to tease out what the possible risks and rewards are for engaging in casual sex.
With that said, the following are five study-based ways that casual sex can impact your wellbeing:
1 Initiating Casual Sex Can Lead To Less Regret Giphy Archaic (and supremely sexist) beliefs suggest that men are always down for casual sex and women are merely peer pressured into it. While this is limited (and even dangerous) thinking, it apparently does matter who makes the first move. In fact, women who initiate casual sex are less likely to experience feelings of regret about an encounter. According to a study conducted by Norwegian University of Science and Technology and the University of Texas, a combination of "higher levels of sexual gratification," viewing your partner as "sexually competent," and initiating contact are all predictors for reduced casual sex regret, which is often driven by feelings of "disgust." The logic goes, if you're the one making the initial overture, you're more likely certain about your choice, and therefore not as predisposed to find the interaction as cringeworthy afterwards. Although, let's get real: the sex itself does have quite an impact on how you feel about the dalliance in the end.
2 Casual Sex Can Give You A Self-Esteem Boost, Depending On Your Sociosexual Orientation Giphy Casual sex isn't objectively "good" or "bad" for your mental health. Instead, the way you respond to casual sex largely depends upon your "sociosexual orientation." Those with a restricted sociosexual orientation tend to prefer love, commitment or emotional intimacy before engaging in sex, and those with an unrestricted sociosexual orientation tend to be more comfortable engaging in sex without love, commitment or emotional intimacy. In a study published in the journal Social Psychological & Personality Science, researchers surveyed 371 college students over the course of nine months and found that sociosexually unrestricted folks gained self-esteem and satisfaction and had lower levels of anxiety following casual sexual interactions. Conversely, sociosexually restricted individuals did not experience these results. Lead researcher of the study (and sex-positive science pioneer) Zhana Vrangalova affirmed that it's important to know your limits, boundaries, and sociosexual orientation before you decide to have — or not have — a NSA hookup.
3 Orgasms Aren't As Plentiful During A Hookup Giphy Even if your sociosexual orientation makes you more likely to enjoy casual sex, that doesn't always mean you'll orgasm — particularly if you're a woman. According to research presented at the 2013 International Academy of Sex Research's annual meeting, women are half as likely to climax as a result of oral or penetrative sex during casual sex than they are in a relationship. The reasons cited ranged from a lack of communication to straighten up sexism (aka, when a man is less interested in pleasing a female partner than he is about getting off himself). These statistics would likely be different for queer women, as queer women have higher overall rates of orgasm than heterosexual women. However, there aren't enough studies on the subject yet to compare how sexual orientation impacts orgasm rate in a hookup.
4 Casual Sex Regret Can Differ According To Gender Giphy If your sociosexual orientation is restricted — or if you have a not-so-great hookup — you might experience feelings of regret. Interestingly, one study found that not all regrettable casual sex is created equal. In fact, hookup regret can differ based on gender — for straight folks, at least. In a Canadian study of 138 female and 62 male students, researchers found that men's regrets tended to focus on physical problems or issues with attractiveness, while women's regrets tended to focus on feelings of shame or self-blame.
Lukaku at odds with Mourinho over FA Cup final snub
Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku says Jose Mourinho made the final decision over leaving him on the bench for the FA Cup decider.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 04:47 IST 306 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Romelu Lukaku and Jose Mourinho
Romelu Lukaku insists he has a perfect relationship with Jose Mourinho but disputed the Manchester United boss' assertion he declared himself unfit to start the FA Cup final defeat to Chelsea.
Lukaku is preparing for Belgium's World Cup campaign following a frustrating end to a largely impressive debut season at Old Trafford.
Following his £75million arrival from Everton, the 25-year-old scored 27 goals in all competitions before sustaining an ankle injury against Arsenal.
It ruled Lukaku out of United's final three Premier League matches of the campaign and he was introduced as a late substitute at Wembley, where United were unable to cancel out Eden Hazard's first-half penalty and subsided to a 1-0 loss.
"When a player tells you he is not ready to play, when the player tells you he is not ready to start the game, then the question is how many minutes you think he can," Mourinho said afterwards.
"But how can I convince a player who tells me he is not ready to play? That makes no sense."
Speaking at a news conference from Belgium's pre-World Cup training camp, Lukaku presented an alternative version of events where Mourinho had the casting vote after the pair discussed his fitness struggles in training.
"I didn't look good in training at all. So it was a difficult situation," he said.
"Obviously, me and the manager had a conversation and he's the one that made decision.
"But at the end of the day we had a conversation after the game where we were both disappointed that we lost."
With no bad blood to speak of, Lukaku is relishing the post-World Cup challenge of mounting a fresh assault on Manchester City, who finished 19 points ahead of United as champions this time around.
"For me it's always down to work," he said. "I know I have some talent, but for me it's about the work I do every day with my club. I try to improve myself every day and to learn from my past matches.
"I think for myself individually it was a good season but as a team we didn't win anything. That's what hurts. But that's something that we're going to try and change next season.
"I'm looking forward to seeing our squad with a few reinforcements next season, and to try and win the league and other trophies too."
Cla safflower Oil or the same quantity burnt off by jogging for 25 moments – without effort. Very little health and fitness items can declare that clients can get thinner through getting vitamins, but Cla safflower Oil could turn this into declare. Cla safflower Oil is legitimate, and this can be confirmed by the amazing evidence collected from physicians and customers alike.
http://www.menshealthreviews.org/cla-safflower-oil/
"I think everyone in the league sort of envies their success to some extent, and rightfully so," said Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson, whose team will try to take down the Patriots this time around. "They've been there, done that many times, and that's something that every other team would love to have."
Those who focus solely on this Groundhog Day-like moment miss the bigger picture.
It all began way back in 2001, just days after the horror of 9-11, when Brady took over as quarterback for longtime starter Drew Bledsoe, who went down with an injury after signing a 10-year contract extension.
With their unheralded, sixth-round draft pick leading the way, the Patriots went on to capture the first of what has grown to five Super Bowl titles.
But, in a sense, those crowns are merely the toppers on an enormous cake.
More impressive in our eyes are the 17 straight winning seasons, only one with fewer than 10 victories. More impressive are the 15 AFC East championships, including the current run of nine in a row. More impressive are the 12 appearances — and eight triumphs — in the AFC championship game. More impressive is staying on top with an ever-changing cast of characters, accumulated through all manner of signings, trades and late-round draft picks.
Ever changing, that is, except for Belichick's singularly focused coaching genius and the 40-year-old Brady's age-defying excellence on the field.
For those looking for a respite, don't count on it anytime soon. Even that scathing ESPN article, which alleged a major rift between Belichick and Brady (and was quickly denied by all), sounded a bit like wishful thinking.
Asked if he's thought about how long he wants to coach, Belichick gave a typical response.
"My focus is on Sunday," the 65-year-old droned. "That's my window right now."
Brady was downright defiant about his desire to keep playing.
"Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?" he said. "I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the other guys, but I'm really enjoying it."
Of course, there are those that will say the Patriots cheated their way to the top, and there's no denying they claimed a virtual monopoly on "gates" with accusations of spying on opponents and deflating footballs.
And, sure, they've carried themselves with all the smugness of a team that knows it's better than everyone else. For instance, their most recent championship rings came with 283 diamonds, a karated commemoration of New England's historic comeback from a 28-3 deficit in last year's Super Bowl.
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank, whose team was on the wrong end of that comeback, was not amused by the not-so-subtle jab. In August, he confronted his New England counterpart, Robert Kraft.
"I said to Robert, 'You didn't have to do the 28-3 in the ring,'" Blank said in a New York Times Magazine article chronicling the 2016 season. "It kind of (ticked) me off."
The Falcons won't get a chance at revenge. Not this year, at least.
They were eliminated on the second weekend of the playoffs by the Eagles.
The Patriots, to no one's surprise, are back again.
Yeah, it's getting a little old.
But, before you flip the channel Sunday, take a moment to savour the greatness.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
Hotels largely stood by as home sharing companies like Airbnb began offering travelers a chance to bypass a standardized hotel room and, instead, live like a local.
But hotels are no longer standing by. In fact, they are beginning to get into the private home-rental market themselves, mostly at the high end — but with a difference. They say they can consistently provide service that is up to hotel standards.
Most home sharing guests leave positive reviews of their experiences, but when they do complain, it is often about cleanliness, last-minute cancellations by the host, problems with check-in or an unmet need at the property they have rented. The hotel companies say their private lodgings are vetted, outfitted and maintained to hotel standards. In addition, the hotels say, services at their lodgings are provided by company employees rather than homeowners.
Hotel companies were "in a bit of denial" about competition from Airbnb, said Makarand Mody, assistant professor of hospitality marketing at Boston University. "Now, they see it's the same travelers, just choosing different accommodations based on the occasion or situation." Guests who stay in a hotel for a business trip may prefer a multi-bedroom apartment in an interesting neighbourhood for family vacations, rather than connecting hotel rooms.
Adding private home rental is a way to capture more of the customers' total travel spending, Mody said. "If I'm a Marriott customer, Marriott wants me to be able to find all my lodging needs on their website," he said, "whether it's a business trip or family reunion." It is only natural, he said, for hotel portfolios to include a new type of accommodation that the market wants.
AccorHotels, which operates hotels and other properties in 100 countries, has entered the home sharing market over the past two years by acquiring companies already operating there. In 2016 it bought Onefinestay, which was founded in London in 2010 and rents upscale private homes and apartments. Accor has also purchased Squarebreak, which offers home rentals across a wider price spectrum, and Travel Keys, which manages vacation properties, like condominiums at beach resorts. The properties all offer check-in with a company employee, 24-hour support services, professional cleaning and hotel-style toiletries. Private home rental is complementary to hotel offerings, said Javier Cedillo-Espin, chief executive of Onefinestay.
The company is actively adding properties in Europe, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean and Hawaii, Cedillo-Espin said. "As a customer told me, 'Give me more destinations and I will stay with you more times,'" he said. "That's the model we're going for."
Adding private homes to the Accor portfolio also allows the company to test and learn about new markets. Contracting homes to rent in a new area, like a small island in the Caribbean, is faster and less expensive than building a hotel, Cedillo-Espin said. "It's a way to understand the market, see who the target customer is and get a feel for the future of the area."
Hyatt Hotels Corp. has taken a minority investment stake in Oasis, which rents out 2,000 homes in 20 cities. The goal is to "serve high-end travelers across more dimensions of their lives," said James Francque, head of transactions at Hyatt.
Local staff at Oasis properties, called sidekicks, act as registration desk, bellhop and concierge, meeting guests at the property to check them in, showing them the amenities on site and offering advice on local attractions and restaurants. Oasis' home page displays the Hyatt brand, and World of Hyatt loyalty program members can earn or redeem points on Oasis stays. The partnership with Oasis also offers Hyatt guests some options in cities or neighbourhoods that currently lack Hyatt hotels, Francque said.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
This is my poor attempt at writing a personal blog about what's going on in my life right now. My name is Joey Jarvis. I am 42 years old and I have lived in WV all of my life. I have been married to my wife Rhonda, going on 18 years now. We have two wonderful children, Sami – 17 and Nick – 12. We have 2 dogs, and 3 cats. And, I have a sagging brain! Not trying to be funny, it's a diagnosis of Chiari Malformation.
Here's the medical jibberish to define it: The Chiari I malformation, also known as the Arnold-Chiari malformation, is a relatively common syndrome caused by displacement of the cerebellar tonsils below the level of the foramen magnum. Associated with the Chiari malformation may be hydrocephalus, spina bifida, and syringomyelia. In most instances, symptoms present in middle age.
My lower left side of my brain is sagging and dropping out of my skull. It can cause some of the problems I've been dealing with for the past few years; problems with dizziness, hearing loss, and tinnitus.
So when I say, “what did you say?” You know why now. I just wanted to share what was going on with me. Not that I think anyone will read this, but I wanted to type it out to make myself feel a little better. LOL! I love the internet. You can publish something and call yourself an author all within a few moments.
I'm fine. But, this was just a therapeutic way of putting it out there. ROCK on! Peace out! I'll see ya soon!
PINE LAWN, MO – The North County Police Co-Operative is investigating a homicide in Pine Lawn.
The victim, a male in his 30's was shot in a parking lot off Jennings Station Road around 3:30 pm near I-70. Authorities are not yet releasing his identity pending notification of his family.
Police tell Fox 2 that the suspect fled the area on the interstate and has not yet been captured yet.
Today is the first day for the Juan Rodriguez trial in cascade county district court. Rodriguez is accused of sexually assaulting a young teen 15 years ago.
It was a statement on social media by the victim that initially brought this case to light.
According to court documents, Detective Jesse Slaughter was contacted by Nicole Griffin of Victim Witness who read the post.
The detective contacted the victim, who says at the time she was almost 15 years old.
She said in 2002, Rodriguez was supposed to drive her home, but instead drove north of great falls.
When she questioned him, Rodriguez told her he wanted to show her how fast his car could go. He parked on a dirt road, held her down and raped her. She never reported the incident for fear of getting in trouble.
She then told police, Rodriguez tried contacting her over the years. Which caused her emotional trauma.
Jury selection began this morning and the trial is expected to last five days
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the Ujjwala Yojana has strengthened the lives of the poor, marginalized, Dalits and the tribal communities. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: In the run-up to the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, the Narendra Modi government has been highlighting the success of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, the scheme that provides free cooking gas connections to poor families.
Given its electoral potential —the scheme is said to have contributed to the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) victory in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections in March 2017—Ujjwala is beginning to look a lot like the NDA's Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).
That was the government scheme that helped the rival United Progressive Alliance (UPA) come to power in 2009—mirroring the narrative now being woven around Ujjwala by senior BJP leaders, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself.
The large-scale benefits of MGNREGS and Ujjwala Yojana draw easy parallels.
MGNREGS, the rural employment guarantee scheme, is the biggest public works programme in the world that brought the Congress-led UPA tremendous electoral advantage. It assures 100 days of manual work a year to at least one member of every village household.
Under Ujjwala Yojana, the centre has provided free cooking gas connections to around 40 million poor families till now. The scheme's ambit has been expanded to include 80 million poor families as the countdown to the 2019 Lok Sabha elections begins.
“The Ujjwala Yojana is a reflection of the intent of the government. NDA believes in development of all by taking everyone together on the path of development. The benefits of the scheme are without any bias of caste or religion and that was the electoral promise of Modi,” said a senior BJP leader.
When the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act was notified on 7 September 2005, it initially covered the 200 poorest districts. But this was later expanded to cover all of India's rural areas.
Ironically Modi had termed it a living example of the Congress' mistakes.
With the messaging on the four years of NDA's rule concentrating on the success of government schemes such Ujjwala Yojana, it bears the leitmotif of an electoral campaign. As part of this strategy, Modi on Monday turned up the messaging on the flagship scheme.
“Ujjwala has been a success and that's the reason the targets were increased. The implementation is so well-tuned that it is now on auto-mode,” said a government official closely associated with monitoring the scheme, requesting anonymity.
Launched on 1 May 2016, the Ujjwala Yojana aims to safeguard the health of women and children. While the clean fuel protects them from the hazards of inhaling smoke, it also helps the poor avoid going to unsafe areas to collect firewood. The Ujjwala scheme provides financial support of Rs1,600 for each cooking gas connection to poor households.
“Most political parties, both national and regional, have talked about working for the upliftment of poor but the Ujjwala scheme of NDA is actually an effort to improve the lives of financially weaker sections. The appeal of the Prime Minister to give up (cooking gas) subsidy was also an attempt to make people realize that if they give up their subsidy on LPG, more needy people would benefit,” the BJP leader added.
As part of its efforts to expand its social base before the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, the BJP leadership has also asked its public representatives to explain initiatives like the Ujjwala Yojana to Dalits and other socially backward communities.
Ujjwala has strengthened the lives of the poor, marginalized, Dalits and tribal communities, Modi said on Monday.
This comes in the backdrop of the country having witnessed protests by Dalits against the alleged dilution of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. The issue holds importance for the BJP as it has been able to expand its electoral footprint to 21 states since 2014 by bringing within its fold backward castes, Dalits and scheduled tribes.
Comparing his government's performance with that of its predecessors, Modi said that though liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) gas cylinders came to India soon after Independence (in 1955), only 130 million families had cooking gas connections in 2014. In the last four years, the NDA government has given 100 million LPG connections.
“Today, of every 100 families, 81 families have gas connection,” Modi said.
BUSINESS
Members of Hyundai Motor and ChildFund Korea promote this year‘s donation program. (Hyundai Motor)
A crew of Hyundai Motor employees dressed in Santa Claus outfits launched a monthlong mission to deliver presents to underprivileged households, the company said Monday.The company hosted the 11th annual Christmas event jointly with ChildFund Korea at its domestic sales division headquarters in central Seoul.During the event, Hyundai delivered 100 million won ($92,000) in donations to ChildFund Korea, the company said.“The popular Kona SUV will act as Rudolphs for this year's Christmas event. As an auto company we will also contribute to creating safer roads for children,” Hyundai Motor said in a statement, referring to the famed reindeer that guides Santa's sleigh.Hyundai's salespeople and volunteers will deliver gifts to underprivileged children with the Kona compact SUV through Dec. 31, the company said.Hyundai will also hand out 1,000 luminous stickers that children can attach to their bags to make it easier for drivers to spot them at night.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.com
Leeds United were reduced to 10 men for the fourth time in five games as Cardiff City delivered another blow to their play-off bid with a crushing win at Elland Road.
Gaetano Berardi was shown a red card at the end of a desperate first half which saw Cardiff score three times and Pontus Jansson leave the field on a stretcher.
United were already 2-0 down when Berardi was booked for a second time after fouling Gary Madine in injury-time.
Pierre-Michel Lasogga had earlier hit a post and the crossbar after Paterson's ninth-minute header gave Cardiff the lead but Neil Warnock's side exploited woeful defending to kill the game before the interval.
United's problems increased midway through the first half when Jansson was carried off after a off-the-ball clash with Sol Bamba, adding yet another centre-back to the absentee list, and Hoilett's sliding finish on 41 minutes left Leeds facing up to a sixth league game without a win.
Berardi was then sent off and from the resulting corner, Morrison guided home another free header.
Christiansen's players were briefly given hope on 55 minutes when Bamba turned a Stuart Dallas cross into his own net but there was no way back from an overwhelming deficit and Anthony Pilkington wrapped up Cardiff's win two minutes from time.
Christiansen said Berardi should have shown more intelligence after he was sent off.
It was the Swiss defender's fifth sending off in his Leeds career.
Christiansen said: “I'm disappointed with it (the sending off) of course I am.
“Firstly because he already has one yellow card when he goes down to the ground.
“He should have been more intelligent, but it's the passion and emotion he plays with.”
Matthew Pennington had spared Christiansen from an immediate defensive crisis by returning from injury and partnering Jansson at centre-back but Leeds looked shaky from the start and were behind after nine minutes.
Christiansen had warned that Cardiff's superior height might be a factor and United's struggle to cope with deliveries into their box was underlined by Paterson's goal.
A corner from Joe Ralls caused chaos in the home box and Armand Traore took advantage with a whipped cross from the left, allowing Paterson to head home from close range.
Leeds could have been level soon after when a 25-yard shot from Lasogga was brilliantly tipped onto a post by Cardiff goalkeeper Neil Etheridge but Cardiff wasted a glorious chance with their next attack as an unmarked Yanic Wildschut nodded over an exposed goal from six yards out.
United were thwarted by the woodwork for a second time on 26 minutes when Lasogga, teed up by a perfect cross from Pablo Hernandez, headed against the underside of the bar. The rebound fell kindly to Gjanni Alioski but his volley into the ground was clawed away by another superb reaction from Etheridge.
Jansson was then stretchered from the field on the half hour following a coming-together with ex-Leeds captain Bamba inside Cardiff's box and Etheridge held a low shot from Jansson's replacement, Stuart Dallas, to keep City in front on 38 minutes.
The visitors then extended their lead as poor defending from Pennington allowed Paterson to shoot towards the far post where Hoilett slid into finish from a tight angle and after Berardi was shown a red card, Morrison rose to head home the free-kick that followed.
Leeds had fought back from 2-0 down against Millwall in their previous home game to lead 3-2 with 10 men and Bamba perked up a frustrated crowd 10 minutes into the second half when his attempt to clear Dallas' low delivery sailed into the top corner of Etheridge's net.
United were unable to force the issue further, though, and amid mounting frustration, Christiansen faced chants of ‘you don't know what you're doing' from section of United's support after replacing Lasogga with Hadi Sacko 16 minutes from the end.
Leeds United: Wiedwald, Berardi, Pennington, Jansson (Dallas 30), De Bock, Forshaw, Vieira (Grot 86), Alioski, Hernandez, Roofe, Lasogga (Sacko 74). Subs: Lonergan, Anita, Pearce, Vieira.
Cardiff City: Etheridge, Ecuele Manga, Bamba, Traore, Grujic (Halford 82), Paterson, Ralls, Hoilett, Wildschut (Pilkington 55), Madine (Zohore 72). Subs: Murphy, Feeney, Damour, Ward.
Referee: Graham Scott (Oxfordshire).
Port Alberni's Community Policing office at Harbour Quay has been shut down.
Port Alberni RCMP officer in charge Inspector Brian Hunter explained during a meeting of council on Monday, April 23 that a number of safety concerns have come up, and there is no expectation that the Community Policing office will reopen soon.
The Community Policing office at Harbour Quay consisted of an office open to the public between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. It was largely staffed by volunteers. During a committee of the whole meeting in December, the Bread of Life on Third Avenue offered the empty space beside their building for the RCMP to move this office and make it more visible.
READ: Port Alberni businesses, RCMP air frustrations over crime
READ: Alberni makes moving its community policing office a priority
But this is not a “true” community policing office, said Hunter on Monday. “Moving that community policing office would not have a significant, if any, impact on crime,” he said.
The detachment explored the possibility of opening an office on Third Avenue with some space for police officers to be there, as well as an interview room. But the cost for this would be between $500,000 and $700,000.
“That's not a priority for me, or for council,” said Hunter.
In their site visits and investigations, RCMP management discovered that the current Harbour Quay office is not up to standards, either. A bulletproof barrier is needed to prevent the public from getting inside the building—as well as some other work—at a cost of $50,000.
The Community Policing office has now been shut down, and the reopening is not likely to occur without spending a significant amount of money. Because the office is a headquarters for Crime Stoppers and Speed Watch, there will still be administrative work happening in the building, but the storefront component is closed.
“Community Policing is not shutting down,” Hunter emphasized. “But the model's going to change. We're looking at getting out into the community in different ways.”
He cited the Citizens On Patrol (COPS), as well as the possibility of setting up informational booths around town.
READ: COPS stepping up foot patrols in Port Alberni's hot spots
His ultimate dream, if money was not an issue, would be a community space for police officers, community policing volunteers and bylaw enforcement to work together in partnership.
“If you want to make a difference in your community, that's what you need to do,” he said. “If you're going to do it, do it right.”
elena.rardon@albernivalleynews.com
Market Highlights:
According to Market Research Future Analysis, the global application delivery network market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 15 % over the forecast period, 2017-2023.
According to Market Research Future, the global application delivery network market has been segmented into product, organization size, industry vertical, and region.The combination of wide area network optimization and application delivery control is termed as application delivery network. Application delivery network is often related to the traffic management, which are sometimes also known as web switch or content switch.
On the basis of product, the market is application delivery network Market segmented into controllers, application safety equipment, and application gateways. Among these, the controllers, especially ADC is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period. The controllers are also expected to be the fastest growing product in this market. This growth is due to being an important component in application delivery network market, it has a huge application when it comes to management and diversion of traffic load from a single server to different servers located at different places.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5527
Major Key players
Array Networks (U.S.),
Silver Peak Systems (U.S.),
Riverbed Technology, Inc (U.S.),
A10 Networks, Inc. (U.S.),
Akamai Technologies, Inc (U.S.),
Alcatel-Lucent S.A. (France),
Barracuda Networks, Inc. (U.S.),
Blue Coat Systems Inc. (U.S.),
Brocade Communications Systems, Inc (U.S.),
Citrix Systems, Inc. (U.S.),
Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), F5 Networks, Inc. (U.S.), Fortinet, Inc. (U.S.), Internap Corporation (U.S.), Juniper Networks, Inc. (U.S.), Limelight Networks (U.S.), Nortel Networks Corporation (Canada), Radware (Israel), Sun Microsystems (U.S.)
According to MRFR, The Application Delivery Network Market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 15%, and projected to reach 12 Billion during the Forecast Period 2017-2023
Regional analysis:
North America is held the largest Application Delivery Network Market share in 2016 and is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period. A major factor defining the growth of North America region is faster and quicker adoption of growing networking technologies. Additionally, there is a huge concentration of enterprises located in the U.S. which is further fueling the growth of network deployments in application delivery network market. In addition to this, various small and medium enterprises are trying to adopt similar technologies as that of large enterprises in order to reinforce their global presence. Europe is likely to grow at a steady pace as the market comprises matured economies like the U.K and Germany.
Asia Pacific does not hold much of the market share, but this region is expected to grow at a fast rate due to presence of emerging countries like Japan, India, China, and Australia which are adopting the networking applications.
Segmentation:
On the basis of product, the market is segmented into controllers, application safety equipment, and application gateways.
On the basis of organization size, the market is segmented into small and medium enterprises, and large enterprises.
On the basis of Industry vertical, the market is segmented into media and entertainment, education, banking and financial services, government, retail and others.
On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the rest of the world.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/application-delivery-network-market-5527
Intended Audience
Black And Latino Children Are Often Overlooked When It Comes To Autism
Enlarge this image Shannon Wright for NPR Shannon Wright for NPR
Sherry Alvarez says she knew there was something different about her son since he was about 9 months old. Back then Sherry says his pediatrician told her there was nothing to worry about, " 'Boys are a little slower than girls, so let's just wait until his second birthday.' " We aren't using Sherry's son's name to protect his privacy.
By her son's second birthday, Sherry says she was getting desperate. She didn't know why he wasn't talking yet or showing affection like other kids. At 2 1/2, he was referred to Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
There, after four hours of tests, Sherry says the doctor handed her a 20-page report explaining his autism spectrum disorder diagnosis, among others. She says she was paralyzed by emotion.
ASD is a disease that affects people of all races and ethnicities, but research shows that African-American and Latino children with autism are diagnosed at older ages than white children, giving them less of an opportunity for proper intervention and treatment.
This is especially true of minimally verbal kids like Sherry's son and there are many possible reasons for a late diagnosis. Some families face healthcare access issues and prohibitive costs for treatment, and some families just don't know how important it is to get diagnosed to move on to the treatment phase. The dialog between doctors and minority families during the diagnosis process is critical.
A recent study from Georgia State University found that African-American parents reported fewer concerns about behaviors like delayed speech and repetitive behaviors, even though their children showed a greater severity with these symptoms, overall. But, of course, it isn't all up to parents.
"There are very likely parent aspects of this and very likely clinician aspects of this," says Meghan Rose Donohue, a lead researcher on the study. Perhaps families, like Sherry's, don't have the information necessary to really push physicians, but it is also possible that doctors don't take these cases seriously enough from the beginning.
Families and doctors, alike, can mistake ASD for simple bad behavior, especially in boys, as research has shown over the past couple of decades. A 2001 study at McGill University in Montreal found that doctors were more hesitant to diagnose ASD in minority families.
In 2007, a study by a team at the Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities Research and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, found that African-American children were 5.1 times more likely to be misdiagnosed with conduct disorders before being diagnosed with ASD.
When Sherry was growing up, she had a cousin who the family thought of as "different," she says. "He was basically hidden. We didn't talk about it as a community." He had autism. "We have to retrain ourselves. It's not OK to hide our kids."
Regional Centers in Los Angeles, which offer services to the developmentally disabled, are now starting to look at the diagnosis disparity problem. Westside Regional Center in Culver City just received a grant from the state to look at how autism diagnosis disparities manifest within their intake and treatment programs.
"We've implemented a series of trainings with intake counselors on cultural awareness and sensitivity, and we're starting to have a lot of conversations about biases," says Tom Kelly, Westside's chief psychologist.
One of the apparent biases among intake counselors at the center stems from the difference in the documentation that arrives with each new child. African-American families tend to arrive at the center with lots of documentation detailing behavior issues from their child's school or social services. With all those official papers sitting in front of them, it's much easier for a counselor to think "behavior disease" rather than "autism," says Kelly.
And that disparity exists in dollars spent, as well. As reported in a 2017 survey, South Central Regional Center spends $8,000 less per client than the Westside location and the racial disparity persists statewide.
But there are more resources for minority families today than compared to when Sherry's son was young. The Autism Society of Los Angeles runs a hotline to help parents navigate the diagnosis and healthcare landscape and Children's Hospital Los Angeles now employs liaisons to help families connect with the right resources. But, the spending gap persists.
Today, Sherry says her now 15-year-old son is happy. He attends Hamilton High School and communicates almost solely through a typing device. "This is the time in his life where those early treatments could have made a difference," she laments.
Will Fish Get A Humanely Harvested Label? These Brothers Bet $40 Million On It
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Blue North Courtesy of Blue North
When it comes to seafood, we're awash in labels. There are labels to identify sustainable wild, farmed or Fair Trade fish. We're able to scout the canned tuna section for lingo like "pole and line caught." And plenty of us use Seafood Watch's green, yellow or red color-rating system to help us avoid a side serving of guilt with our fish supper.
But there's another designation many consumers look for in land-based proteins like beef, poultry and pork that is largely missing from the conversation about seafood: humane treatment.
A pair of long-time fishermen — Michael Burns and his brother, Patrick Burns — are trying to change that.
The brothers — now both in their 60s — spent decades fishing the Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea for salmon, halibut and crab, finally settling on Pacific cod. But the inspiration for their humanely harvested seafood didn't come from the ocean. It came from their side business — a 400-head grass-fed cattle ranch in eastern Oregon — and from their deep admiration for scientist Temple Grandin and her advocacy of animal welfare and humane slaughter.
"Fish aren't warm and fuzzy, but they are sentient beings. They experience pain and panic," says Michael Burns. "We had been following Temple Grandin and the better treatment of livestock for years, and then it dawned on me: Maybe we could apply it to wild capture fish," while at the same time, creating a safer work environment for the crew.
That chance arrived last fall, when the Burns brothers launched their new $40 million, 191-foot fishing vessel Blue North. The ship is designed to catch Pacific cod using bottom longlines. The catch method has earned a green "best choice" rating from Seafood Watch, but it can still involve heart-thumpingly dangerous work for the crew.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Blue North Courtesy of Blue North
"The image of a crew member with a gaff [fishing hook] hanging over the side of the boat, with ice in their beards, feeds the idea of the rough-and-tumble fisherman in the Bering Sea," says Michael. "But people get hurt out there. We chose to go the route of safety and better conditions for the crew."
The Burns brothers replicated a design feature they had first seen on a Norwegian fishing vessel called a "moon pool" — a round opening in the center of the ship that allows the crew to work inside in a controlled environment, pulling fish up one at a time from the bottom of the boat. The moon pool improved crew safety, but on it's own, didn't address the problem of a thrashing, panicked cod. So the brothers brought in a tool often used in aquaculture to process farmed fish: a stun table.
Stunning fish to render them unconscious before processing is a method that's been used by companies like Cooke Aquaculture, the largest independent salmon farming operation in North America, for the last 15 years. The idea is to prevent fish from stressing and thrashing — an action which can build up lactic acid in the fish's flesh, creating unappetizing gaping in the fillets or affecting the color of the final product. While Cooke Aquaculture uses percussion stunning —- where a pneumatic hammer bops the farmed salmon on the head to knock them out — the same technique didn't work well for wild-caught cod.
"We first started experimenting with concussion stunning, but the heads of [wild] cod vary too much," explains Patrick Burns. So "we went to [a 48 volt, direct current] electrical stun."
So far, the Burns brothers say they're the only fishing vessel using this technique.
As for Grandin, who inspired their approach, "I think it's excellent they're doing this," she says. "Fish definitely feel fear." Whether or not fish feel pain is still vigorously debated. "There are still some questions about pain. That's the million-dollar question right now."
Grandin believes it's an area that the seafood industry will be focusing on more going forward. "Stunning [fish] is going to become a regular practice. People are concerned about it. That's why if you look, there are hundreds of patents on GooglePatents for stunning fish." (We did. She's right.)
But the launch of a brand-new fishing vessel like Blue North doesn't happen every day. Incorporating stunning tables on existing, older vessels could prove tricky. And fishing methods like purse seining or trawl fishing — which bring up the catch-all at once, in one giant haul — would make it difficult to use a stunning table.
Still, the idea of harvesting fish humanely is one that is starting to gain attention from a number of certification groups and retailers.
"Animal welfare issues are definitely on ASC's radar," says Contessa Kellogg-Winters, spokesperson for the Aquaculture Stewardship Council, which certifies farm-raised seafood. "Many salmon farms, for instance, that are taking care to slaughter fish in humane ways" are making the processing as stress and pain-free as possible, she says.
The Marine Stewardship Council, which certifies wild-caught seafood, says that while it currently does not have set requirements for the humane harvest of wild fish, it is listening. "Should humane capture become of heightened stakeholder interest, and of relevance to our mission, we would consider it through our review process," says spokesman Jon Corsiglia.
Whole Foods, which stopped carrying live lobster in stores in 2006 over concerns about humane conditions for the crustaceans, has also included language in its farmed fish standards requiring producers to minimize stress to fish during harvesting, transport and slaughter: "Fish should also be slaughtered in the most humane way possible. Mechanical or electrical stunning systems are preferred."
Mimi Dale Stein, director of operations for Humane Farm Animal Care, whose familiar Certified Humane label can be found on meat, poultry, egg and dairy products, says the group is actively working on fish standards for several species. Meanwhile, Emily Moose, director of outreach for A Greener World, says it's something the organization is open to exploring as well "if the demand is there." A Greener World certifies livestock and poultry through the Animal Welfare Approved, Certified Grassfed and Certified Non-GMO labels.
So far, most of Blue North's cod catch gets fed directly into the commodity market (much of it shipped overseas) where its "humanely harvested" pedigree gets left far behind. But the Burns brothers are hoping that other hook and line fishing vessels will join them — and that a "humanely harvested" label will become something consumers will eventually see displayed at the seafood counter.
"It's our awareness or sensitivity to how the animals are treated," says Michael Burns. "If we extend those sensitivities to cattle, why wouldn't we extend it to fish?"
Clare Leschin-Hoar is a journalist based in San Diego who covers food policy and sustainability issues.
Bitcoin, Unemployment, and Mythical Beasts
Enlarge this image NPR NPR
The Indicator from Planet Money Bitcoin, Unemployment, and Mythical Beasts Bitcoin, Unemployment, and Mythical Beasts Listen · 7:25 7:25
One of the things we do at the Indicator is stolen stuff we like from other podcasts. Today, we're stealing from Tyler Cowen. He's an economist and public intellectual who has his own podcast (of course).
It's an interview show, and in the middle of every episode Tyler does this thing we love: He goes through a list of subjects and asks the guest to say whether each subject is overrated or underrated, and to explain why.
On today's show, we turn the tables on Tyler and play overrated/underrated with him. Topics include bitcoin, the stock market as a measure of the economy, podcasts, and science fiction.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
Police have issued these images of a man they wish to speak with in connection with a burglary at a property in Horbury.
Wakefield District CID would like to speak with anyone who can identify the man or has any information about a burglary on Westfield Road on September 1.
The offence took place between 8.20am and 4.30pm after suspects broke in and stole items including a mobile phone and cash.
Detective Inspector Dave Watts of Wakefield District CID, said: “Enquiries have been ongoing into this offence and we would like to speak with the man pictured in connection with what took place.
“Anyone who can identify this man or who has information about the offence should contact Wakefield District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13170404063.”
How Bajaj Electricals helped light up Gachibowli Indoor Stadium - The home of Telugu Titans
The Titans call Hyderabad home.
​
​
Telugu Titans count the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium as their home ground
At a stadium, the collective cheers and sighs, the tension can be felt in the atmosphere. A stadium is the only place where you are totally connected with other fans, all cheering for a common goal.
While watching games on the television brings out similar kinds of emotion, the truth is that witnessing a sporting event in real life is a completely different experience. Sharing joy, sadness and other emotions with everyone else while watching your favourite stars in action from the stadium is something you won't feel while watching it on TVs.
With indoor stadiums, the experience is even more thrilling – and the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium is one of them. Due to the fact that the spectators are inside an enclosed arena, reacting in a synchronised manner, the intensity is multiplied and that is what makes the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium unique.
The Gachibowli Indoor Stadium is the home of Pro Kabaddi League team – Telugu Titans. Built in 2002 by STUP consultants, the stadium has a holding capacity of 4000 people and has hosted numerous sporting events like the 2002 National Games and the 2009 BWF World Championships apart from the ongoing Pro Kabaddi League. It's glory resides in the fact that it can be used to host a number of games like basketball, table tennis, badminton, boxing, judo, kabaddi, among others.
Being an indoor stadium, it is absolutely necessary for it to have the perfect ambience for the fans, sportsperson and the officials – and the Gachibowli ticks all the boxes. Bajaj Electricals design team made sure that the feeling of watching a match at the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium is unique and can't be felt anywhere else.
Since the stadium acts as the venue for various kinds of sporting events, it is absolutely crucial that proper lighting is provided. Different types of games require different types of lighting, which is obvious given that, for example, basketball is played with a much larger ball and slower pace than, say, table tennis.
In table tennis, the ball is small and the movement much faster. Hence, the quality of the lighting has to be at for the players and the fans to concentrate only on the game, something which Bajaj Electricals have nailed.
An international standard stadium needs to make sure that small things like shadows don't affect the game. With extensive planning and multi-zone aiming of floodlights, Bajaj Electricals made sure that the shadows of the players and other objects don't come into the action area.
Meanwhile, to make sure that the camera captures the highest quality images and videos, the lighting level throughout the stadium is constant to provide a satisfactory feel among the viewers.
“It was a design challenge for the lighting designer to offer an optimum energy efficient sports light solution considering primary radial truss members and concentric-octagonal shape secondary trusses,” a Bajaj Electricals spokesperson highlighted the challenges faced by the design team
All in all, the Gachbowli Stadium's lighting architecture was dealt with expert precision by Bajaj Electricals. Their carefully thought-out plans and even better execution has made sure that the people witnessing the game have a delightful experience.
​
Looking back on 2016: Most viewed posts #1-10
Here's what captured the attention of InMenlo readers during 2016. Results include only posts that went live during the past 12 months. The #11-20 rankings were published yesterday.
#1 Menlo Park resident and Freewheel Brewing Company owner Malcolm McGinnis dies at age 57 Malcolm and his partners brought great cask ale and new nightlife to Marsh Manor. His dream was to become a brewer, so a life full-filled if cut short. (Top photo courtesy of Searles/McGinnis family)
#2 M-A senior Andre Benz creates YouTube channel featuring Trap music InMenlo has been lucky enough to have the talented journalism students at M-A contribute articles. This one focused on another student who founded a successful YouTube channel.
#3 Three Menlo Park icons all soon to disappear, but it's the people we do – and will – miss We took a personal approach to this lament about the closure of some of Menlo's most iconic businesses, focusing on the people we will miss. Beltramos wine expert Gary Mulleneaux (photo below by Scott R. Kline) is at the top of the list.
#4 Clark Atkinson, native son of Menlo Park and man of many talents, dies at age 72 Was there a person who didn't know Clark — or one of his siblings — growing up in the 50s and 60s in Menlo Park? Clark's sudden death stunned those who knew and loved him.
#5 Menlo-Atherton High School announces its Athletic Hall of Fame inductees for 2016 Six student athletes, three teams, one coach, and two parent volunteers made up the Menlo-Atherton High School 2016 Athletic Hall of Fame inductees.
#6 Picket Fence is new social network in Menlo Park for older adults The goal of this new network is connecting people face-to-face, not online.
#7 Menlo-Atherton High School football coach Adhir Ravipati named 49ers coach of the week It was a big year for the M-A football team that went on to play in one of the state championships. (Adhir is pictured below.)
#8 Wandering the cobblestone streets of Rome with camera in hand InMenlo co-founder Scott Loftesness enjoys traveling the world doing street photography.
#9 Beltramo's will close doors, property to be sold A business that's served Menlo Park for over a century shuttered its doors.
#10 Kidnapping attempt reported in Atherton Crimes such as this are luckily not common in Menlo Park or Atherton.
The law of unintended consequences is once again rearing it's ugly head: Google, Apple, Amazon and others now make virtual assitants that respond to commands, and recordings can trigger them.
Burger King found out how, via a radio commercial, it could get Google's attention. It produced an ad designed to trigger Google Home to advertise the Whopper. The ad featured a Burger King employee saying, “OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?” The Google Home device would then read the Wikipedia definition of a Whopper. The trigger stopped working a few hours after the ad launched.
Then Burger King upped its game a bit, even after complaints from those living with a Google Assistant, and released an altered version of the ad to evade the block by Google.
I turned to Slashdot, and discovered some readers were incredulous. How could Burger King DO SUCH A THING??
But there were a few more that saw opportunity. One wag said to use “Hey Google, deposit $20,000 into . I want to try this with Siri, Amazon, and more.”
Virtual assistants lack security controls
Here are the facts: These audio servants can do many things for their users, but the stopgaps on them aren't very good or even well-rehearsed. Could you DOX someone by playing subliminal orders for Papa John's Pizzas on a pirate radio station that's tuned in? What other fiendish commands will these accept without blushing?
How low of an audio level will the device accept audio input? Whisper level? Subliminally? What's to say a mean MP3 doesn't have something nasty embedded just below the threshhold of hearing? Who rates this stuff for its sensitivity?
Can these devices pass some sort of Turing Test where a random number of faux requests are rejected?
+ Also on Network World: TV news anchor triggers Alexa to attempt ordering dollhouses +
Do we port this logic to automotive software so that a song playing on the radio that suddenly screams, “Siri, drive off that cliff” as its lyrics doesn't cause a hard left turn to a fiery death?
Is there going to be an “Are you sure?” followed by the song pausing, then screaming “YES!!!!”
So, is the result, suicide by MP3? I ponder this.
In my personal opinion, those deploying virtual assistants are asking for a lot of trouble. Not only do recordings become the crux of litigation, but the safety and security guards are all but missing. There is no regimen, no test, no standard among devices where they react in identical ways.
Some users are leading the pack, trying to either get subpoenas or reject subpoenas about conversations that were ostensibly overheard by an audio robot. Will purchasing records or other searches become the context of insurance company litigation? Time will tell. Until then, I cannot believe that these open audio gateways aren't becoming the crux of immense amounts of big data-style analytics.
Siri, Alexa, Cortana, Google Assistant know everything
Piles upon piles of keywords. Siri can know the shows users are watching, the songs they're playing, who they're calling, and perhaps also the content of text messages, MMS, even the fact that certain photos were uploaded and attached to messages, and so forth.
Google makes no pretense about the fact that non-commercial users of gmail have the entire contents of their messages scanned, ostensibly to help Google Ad Words. It's an empire of data collection. And while everyone proudly states they won't sell data to third parties, I personally have a tough time believing they haven't already succumbed to bending their use to stretch it to the very edge of that meaning, and perhaps beyond.
Who's going to audit this? Who's going to step up and say: We audited their vast storage piles and found that nothing could be touched. Do they ever wear this on their sleeves—hey, we survived an audit because we want you to trust us! Yeah. Point me to that URL.
We're only at the leading edge of digital assistant hacks. The worst, by far, is yet to come. Mark my words.
How the Warriors, Cavaliers are linked in history
Photo: Jason Miller, Getty Images LeBron James #23 of the Cleveland Cavaliers and Kevin Durant #35 of...
The Warriors and Cavaliers are quite clear in their desire to make history, and in reaching their fourth consecutive Finals together, they've placed themselves among NBA royalty. With such names as Magic Johnson, Larry Bird and Bill Russell at the forefront, here are the other franchises to do so:
Miami Heat, 2011-14
LeBron James' first “super team” crashed at the finish. The carefully crafted trio of James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh proved no match for the Dallas Mavericks, who won the 2011 Finals in six games behind Dirk Nowitzki and Jason Kidd. LeBron averaged just 17.8 points in the series, got chewed out in plain view by Wade near the end of Game 3, and was so ineffective in Game 6, teammate Eddie House later claimed “he didn't show up in Dallas. ... He was M.I.A. ... You're going to say that somebody who quit in the Finals ... that he's the greatest of all time? I can't buy it.”
The following year, Miami was up against an Oklahoma City team featuring Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook and — off the bench — James Harden. Durant was sensational, averaging 30.6 points for the series, but the Heat won in five games. Mike Miller was superb in the clincher, going 7-for-8 on three-point tries, and LeBron's triple-double helped earn him the series MVP.
The 2013 Finals got James another title and produced one of the greatest shots in NBA history. San Antonio had a 3-2 series lead and a five-point lead with 28 seconds in Game 6. League officials were lining up the championship trophy in a runway, visible to part of the Miami crowd. It was 95-92 when James missed a three-point attempt, Bosh acrobatically grabbed the rebound, and Ray Allen hit a three-pointer from the right corner. Miami won in overtime, then took the title in Game 7.
San Antonio head coach Gregg Popovich hasn't gotten over that loss, but he vowed a fresh chapter. His Spurs dismantled Miami in the five-game 2014 Finals. James averaged 28.2 points but was powerless to stop San Antonio's fifth title in the Tim Duncan era. The Spurs won the last three games by 19, 21 and 17 points, featuring some of the finest ball movement ever witnessed in the NBA. Steve Kerr, who would take the Warriors' job the following season, called it a life-changing episode that helped form his strategy as a coach.
L.A. Lakers, 1982-85
The Lakers had been a mess, losing a 1981 playoff series to Houston and firing head coach Paul Westhead early the following season. Pat Riley took the job and launched a championship run behind Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Jamaal Wilkes, Norm Nixon, Michael Cooper and Bob McAdoo. The Julius Erving-led 76ers were a formidable opponent in the 1982 Finals, but the Lakers won in six games.
To say the 76ers got payback would be an understatement. They signed center Moses Malone off the free-agent market and stormed through the '83 playoffs at 12-1 — sweeping the Lakers in four in the Finals. Malone was the series' MVP and Erving's 21 points illuminated the clincher, 115-108 at the Forum.
The 1984 Finals brought the long-awaited matchup between Johnson and Larry Bird, who had captivated the nation in their duel for the 1979 NCAA championship. Some called this best-ever Finals, the Celtics prevailing in seven games as Bird won the MVP and Cedric Maxwell had 24 points in the clincher. Magic's reputation took a hit in this series. With the Lakers poised to take a 2-0 lead, Gerald Henderson stole a pass and drove for a game-tying layup. Inexplicably, Johnson dribbled out most of the remaining 13 seconds, the game went into overtime, and the Celtics won.
It looked like more of the same in '85 when the Celtics won the Game 1 “Memorial Day Massacre,” 148-114. But with Magic in vintage form, Cooper clamping down on Bird and Abdul-Jabbar at his career finest, the Lakers won in six — ending a losing streak that spanned eight Finals against Boston. Kareem had 30 points and 17 rebounds in Game 2, Riley saying his dominance “defies logic.”
Boston Celtics, 1984-87
With a 1-1 split against the Lakers in '84 and '85, Boston clinched another title in the six-game 1986 Finals against Houston. The Rockets had a formidable “twin towers” combination in Akeem Olajuwon (before he became Hakeem) and Ralph Sampson, but some have called those Celtics the greatest team ever — certainly unmatched in the frontcourt with Bird, Kevin McHale, Robert Parish and an inspired, relatively healthy Bill Walton coming off the bench. They went 40-1 at home in the regular season.
The Lakers-Celtics rivalry was renewed in 1987, and the L.A. dynasty peaked in this six-game series. Abdul-Jabbar, now 40, dominated the clincher with 32 points, but the memories center around Game 4. With the Lakers leading the series 2-1, Bird hit a three-pointer for a 106-104 lead with 12 seconds left. After Kareem missed the second of two foul shots, Mychal Thompson (Klay's dad) fought for the rebound with McHale, who nudged it out of bounds. That set up Magic's soaring “baby skyhook” through the lane, elegantly lofted over McHale and Parish, to win the game. This would be the defining moment of the Lakers' “Showtime” era.
Boston Celtics, 1957-66
That's right, 10 in a row, and eight straight titles after a Finals loss to the St. Louis Hawks in '58. The way some NBA historians view this era — basically believing it was an ancient, irrelevant relic — you'd think Russell's teams went up against actual dinosaurs. Who could forget Tommy Heinsohn throwing punches with a pterodactyl?
Take it from someone who saw Russell's Celtics a dozen times live, and never missed a telecast: It got no better than Russell going against the most powerful force ever seen at the center position, Wilt Chamberlain, in the Eastern Conference. Nobody was better in the clutch (or more deadly with a mid-range bank) than Sam Jones. In an era of tremendous athletes — best in the world, just like today — John Havlicek played the complete game with a track athlete's fitness. Bob Cousy, K.C. Jones, Satch Sanders, Bill Sharman, Frank Ramsey; they all played a part. Russell is the greatest defensive player and pure winner in league history, with a fiercely unforgiving mental command that seemed to dictate the proceedings at the most crucial times.
The L.A. Lakers of Jerry West and Elgin Baylor were victimized four times during this run, and the Minneapolis Lakers (pre-West) were swept in '59. The Bob Pettit-led Hawks went down twice. In 1964, the San Francisco Warriors reached the Finals with Chamberlain, Tom Meschery, Al Attles and a young Nate Thurmond. There were so many defining moments over the years, none more so than Game 7 in '62. With five seconds left and the game tied at Boston Garden, the Lakers got the ball to Frank Selvy, who missed a short jumper from the left baseline. It would have won the title. Instead, the game went into overtime. The Lakers never did find redemption.
Bruce Jenkins is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: bjenkins@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Bruce_Jenkins1
President and CEO of ABC, David Helveston, left, and Andrew B. Lopez, right, vice president of Cajun Industries present a Merit Award to Rayford Conerly, second from left, and Cody Meyers of Repcon Inc. at the ABC Excellence in Construction Awards.
The SA National Civic Organisation (Sanco) in the North West has called on the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (IPID) to probe allegations that police fired live ammunition during protests in the North West.
Sanco said there were allegations that police used live rounds‚ which resulted in the death of 16-year-old Kitlano Leeuw‚ in ongoing protests in Taung. Sanco's provincial chairperson Paul Sebegoe called for Ipid to investigate the claims.
The shooting allegedly happened on Monday evening in Taung Extension.
“We wish to convey our condolences to the Leeuw family that lost the life of their beloved son‚ and other families that lost their loved ones under these trying circumstances‚ as well as appeal for protests to be conducted peacefully and with dignity‚” Sebegoe said.
Protests have been going on in the North West province as residents called for Premier Supra Mahumapelo to step down. President Cyril Ramaphosa and the leadership of the ANC have visited the area but there is still no indication as to what decision will be taken on Mahumapelo.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different “American Idol” alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
Related: FBI arrest man in alleged July 4 attack plan in Cleveland
Related: Trudeau, NATO leaders gearing up for defence spending debate with Trump
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.”
“How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” he asks.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
“I love the holiday because it's our independence,” he said.
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America – & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! pic.twitter.com/FQ1D7oEta2 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Cleveland Cavalier's Coach Tyronn Lue to Temporarily Step Away from Coaching The team announced the news on Monday morning, citing health issues as the reason for the leave of absence. After many conversations with our doctors and [General Manager Koby Altman] and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health... ...I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season. According to TNT's David Aldridge, Lue only plans to be gone from the team for a week. Assistant coach Larry Drew will coach in his stead. This is Lue's third season in charge of the team, with each of the previous two seasons resulting in a trip to the NBA Finals.
Chicago police have released crime statistics from 2016, with a police spokesman calling it an "unacceptable rise in violence."In the worst violence in nearly 20 years, Chicago saw 762 murders, 3,550 shooting incidents and 4,331 shooting victims.Police superintendent Eddie Johnson called 2016 a challenging year and blamed last year's dramatic increase in gun violence on what he calls "criminals emboldened by the current anti-police climate nationwide."But at Sunday's press conference, it was about looking forward, not backward.In unveiling the department's crime-fighting strategy for the upcoming year, Johnson spoke of three pillars:1. Addressing the flaws in sentencing guidelines for repeat gun offenders, who are blamed for most of the city's gun violence.2. Targeted, data-driven enforcement, led by the launch of new intelligence centers on the south and west sides3. Renewed community engagement and partnership programs, aimed at making community policing a department-wide philosophy.And while much of the press conference was aimed at showcasing the tools and technology being launched at these new intelligence centers, Johnson's toughest words were aimed at legislators, who despite continuous calls from the department in recent years, have not moved to toughen sentences for repeat gun offenders."If you're a leader or policy-maker that has anything to do with Cook County or the city of Chicago you should find it reprehensible that we had over 700 homicides last year. That's just unacceptable. And if you think that's okay, then I have a problem with you," Johnson said.Johnson also said the department expects to add nearly 1,000 officers by 2018 and said body cameras, which are now in use in seven police districts, will become universal by the end of 2017 as the department strives to become more transparent.On Saturday, more than 700 crosses were carried down Michigan Avenue, led by Father Michael Pfleger. They represented each life lost due to violence in the city of Chicago in 2016.The crosses were handmade by a man named George Zanis, who has been building memorials, in Aurora, for mass shootings like Newtown and Orlando.Police are blaming the vast majority of the violence on gangs and illegal guns on the streets. They took 8,300 guns off the streets in 2016, which police said is a 20 percent increase from 2015.In order to combat the violence, Chicago police said they plan on creating district-based intelligence centers staffed by district intelligence officers and crime analysts from the University of Chicago Crime Lab. Police are also investing in the ShotSpotter gunshot detection technology and working with state legislators for tougher penalties for repeat gun offenders.
President Trump's nominee to be the next Labor secretary, Andrew Puzder, runs a fast-food empire. Now, as he awaits his confirmation hearings, current and former workers of CKE Restaurants — which operates chains like Carl's Jr. and Hardee's — are filing complaints alleging employment-law violations at his company.
Ceatana Cardona says she was sexually harassed by her shift manager when she worked nights as a cashier at a Hardee's in Tampa, Fla.
"When I was one-and-a-half months pregnant with my youngest child, he asked me for a kiss. I refused and began to walk away, but he grabbed me by the collar and, inches from my face, said, 'If you don't give me what I want, I'm going to start taking it from you," Cardona says.
Cardona says after she complained to another supervisor, she was given fewer, less desirable hours. She eventually left.
Now, Cardona is filing a sexual harassment claim with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in Washington, D.C. She's one of 33 workers filing complaints so far this year that detail allegations of wage theft, harassment and discrimination at CKE Restaurants and its franchises. Cardona ultimately blames Puzder.
"I'm holding him accountable for the harassment I experienced," she says.
But the industry stands behind its man.
Puzder joined CKE Restaurants in the 1990s and is credited with helping to guide the company through financially troubled times. He assumed the CEO job in 2000. In a statement, the National Restaurant Association defended Puzder's business record, saying the unions publicizing the workers' complaints are misrepresenting his record. The trade association cited a recent survey showing 92 percent of employees at CKE called it a "good place to work."
But the nominee finds himself defending his outspoken objection to minimum wage increases, his calls for automation in the workplace, and his company's record with regulators. Washington Democrat Patty Murray, the ranking member of the Senate committee holding Puzder's hearing, criticized him for not submitting required paperwork.
Cathy Ruckelshaus, litigation director for the National Employment Law Project, says that over the past decade, more than half of the investigations into CKE's labor and workplace safety practices have found violations.
"The U.S. Senate has all the reason it needs to reject this nomination and demand a labor secretary who will look out for working Americans, instead of one who looks for ways to keep them down," Ruckelshaus says.
CKE Restaurants did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ferne McCann brought baby Sunday on the Lorraine Kelly show on Tuesday to reveal how she was preparing to spend her first Christmas as a single mum.
Though the former TOWIE star swiftly shut down questions about ex partner, and her newborn daughter's father, Arthur Collins who was convicted of a horrific acid attack back in April.
"It has been a terrible time but I can't dwell on that anymore," said Ferne.
Ferne previously told how she knew she'd be raising her daughter alone as soon as she heard ex Collins was accused of throwing acid across a crowded nightclub.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
When probed about her feelings towards Collins, Ferne said: "I don't want to talk about it anymore." Adding: "I just want to focus on the future."
"He's always going to be in your life," Lorraine told her.
"Exactly," responded Ferne.
(Image: ITV)
Revealing how she's coping with life as a single parent, Ferne said she'd moved back in with her mum Gilly, who also appeared alongside her on the show.
"I've just had to go with it - surrounding myself with my family," said Ferne.
(Image: ITV)
Ferne previously revealed how her mum Gilly stepped up to be her birthing partner in Collins' abscence.
Grandmother Gilly seemed to be embracing her new role too, as the grandmother swiftly took Sunday off set when she started to cry.
"If i take her she'll start screaming because she can smell the milk," joked Ferne who remained on the sofa.
(Image: ITV)
The star then revealed that breastfeeding was helping her to shed the pounds she put during her pregnancy.
A glowing Ferne was looking noticeably slim dressed in a black polo shirt and floaty pattern skirt.
"This skirt is hiding some sins," she joked.
Ferne's new reality show First Time Mum will be shown on ITVBe tonight at 9pm
LAKELAND, Fla. (AP) — Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special.
“I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today,” the Detroit ace said Tuesday. “On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind anymore — you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster.”
Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over.
While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed him in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale.
Advertisement
Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title. Cleveland won the AL Central by eight games last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games.
“This time of year, everyone is at glass half full,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “We have good reason to be.”
Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on his right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest.
The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at his Oklahoma residence.
The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and now the Arizona Diamondbacks are dealing with a serious health concern. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. He said doctors believe they caught the cancer early.
The Diamondbacks went 69-93 and are one of a handful of National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out the postseason hunt in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves.
Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin wants to see his team play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games in 2016.
For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered year without a World Series title to defend, but San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card and looks like a contender again in 2017.
Manager Bruce Bochy, needless to say, was upbeat Tuesday.
“It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again, so it's a good day,” Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. “It's a beautiful day, to work out with. Great to be here.”
DURHAM, N.C. — Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday night's game against Georgia Tech before handing off to associate head coach Jeff Capel for Saturday's home game against Boston College.
Krzyzewski, 69, will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed at Duke University Hospital. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
Krzyzewski said in a statement that he consulted with the university's medical team and “together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time.” He says the Blue Devils will “be in the capable hands” of Capel and assistants Nate James and Jon Scheyer.
“As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 (percent) of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve,” he said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace his left knee, repair his left ankle and fix a hernia. He squeezed those procedures into a busy summer in which he also led the U.S. Olympic team to the gold medal in Rio de Janeiro.
“To be sure, the entire Duke community is supportive and eager to get Mike back as soon as possible,” Duke athletic director Kevin White said. “His health is paramount, and he will get the best possible care in the world by the Duke medical team. With the proper recovery time, we look forward to Mike doing what he does best — leading and teaching — very soon.”
Capel — a former Duke guard who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at Virginia Commonwealth and Oklahoma — previously took over for Krzyzewski when he missed a trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
That victory in Atlanta marked the first time Krzyzewski did not travel with his team since the 1994-95 season, when he missed the final 19 games due to back surgery and exhaustion. Those Blue Devils went 4-15 during that span and became the last Duke team to miss the NCAA Tournament.
Monday's announcement marks the latest twist in an already drama-filled season for a team voted No. 1 in the preseason on the strength of a lineup led by preseason AP All-American guard Grayson Allen and four immediate-impact freshmen.
On Saturday, the Blue Devils (12-2) were routed at Virginia Tech in the first game of Allen's indefinite suspension for tripping yet another opponent . And those freshmen — Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Frank Jackson — have played in the same game only three times because of various injuries.
The Blue Devils dropped three spots to No. 8 — their lowest ranking of the season — in the AP Top 25 released Monday .
At 40, Brady had one of his best seasons with 32 touchdown passes and eight interceptions, a passer rating of 102.8 and, not incidentally, a 13-3 record to top the AFC. He did that despite missing his favourite receiver, Julian Edelman, for the entire schedule.
Brady earned 40 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That easily outdistanced Rams running back Todd Gurley with eight, and Eagles QB Carson Wentz with two. Wentz was considered a strong MVP contender before tearing up his left knee in Game 13.
___
6:50 p.m.
In his first season running a team, and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, Sean McVay won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Coach of the Year award.
McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, led the Los Angeles Rams to an 11-5 record, a seven-game improvement from the mark they managed the previous year.
The Rams won their first NFC West title since 2003, and second-year quarterback Jared Goff improved exponentially under McVay's guidance.
McVay ran away with the voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He drew 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer. Doug Marrone of Jacksonville received two votes, while the Super Bowl coaches, Philadelphia's Doug Pederson and New England's Bill Belichick, each got one.
___
6:40 p.m.
Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly has won the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
The award recognizes the NFL player who best demonstrates the qualities of outstanding sportsmanship on the playing field, including fair play, respect for opponents and integrity in competition.
The award was founded in 2014 in honour of the late founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney, Sr.
Kuechly will receive a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of his choice.
___
6:30 p.m.
Pat Shurmur heads to his new job as coach of the New York Giants with a prize.
For his work as offensive co-ordinator with the Minnesota Vikings, Shurmur has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Assistant Coach of the Year award.
With a backup quarterback, Case Keenum, and without prized rookie running back Dalvin Cook for most of the year, Shurmur helped Minnesota go 13-3 and win the NFC North with a strong attack. The Vikings ranked 11th overall in offence, doing so without a true star.
Shurmur earned 24 1/2 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the NFL. He easily outdistanced New Orleans defensive co-ordinator Dennis Allen, New England DC Matt Patricia, and Los Angeles Rams DC Wade Phillips, who all got four votes.
And Shurmur, former head coach in Cleveland, parlayed his Vikings work into the top job in New York.
___
6:30 p.m.
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Keenan Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win The Associated Press 2017 NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award.
Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
That performance earned him 28 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He easily outdistanced Minnesota quarterback Case Keenum, who had eight.
___
6:20 p.m.
Hard-hitting linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher and big-play receiver Randy Moss all made the Pro Football Hall of Fame on their first try, while controversial receiver Terrell Owens got in on his third time on the ballot.
Safety Brian Dawkins also got voted by the 47 Hall of Fame voters as part of the eight-person class that also included contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
Lewis and Urlacher helped define playing middle linebacker in their era with Lewis winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and one Super Bowl MVP for Baltimore and Urlacher winning a Defensive Player of the Year award of his own.
Moss and Owens were two of the most dynamic receivers of their time, but also lightning rods because of an inability to get along well with teammates and coaches at times that led to each playing for five teams in their careers.
___
6:15 p.m.
No rookie had more impact on his NFL team this season than New Orleans Saints cornerback Marshon Lattimore, The Associated Press 2017 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints won the NFC South with an 11-5 record. The Ohio State product had five interceptions and 18 passes defenced in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid.
He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury. But his performance led to a runaway victory in the nationwide voting by 50 media members who regular cover the NFL. Lattimore got 45 votes, far ahead of Buffalo CB Tra'Davious White with four and San Francisco LB Reuben Foster got one.
___
6:10 p.m.
Sam Gordon, 14, was honoured as the first "Game Changer."
Gordon played in an almost all-boys tackle league in Utah when she was 9.
A few years later, when Gordon wanted to keep playing, she learned that there were no more leagues in which girls could play.
Gordon and her father, Brent, launched the Utah Girls Tackle Football League — the first all-girls tackle football league. It doubled in size after its first year — and inspired similar leagues in Indiana, Georgia and Canada.
___
5:50 p.m.
Todd Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes in the Los Angeles' Rams equally impressive reversal of fortunes earned him The Associated Press 2017 Offensive Player of the Year Award.
The third-year running back was the AP's top offensive rookie in 2015, then had a mediocre second season. When Sean McVay took over as coach and Jared Goff was installed as the No. 1 quarterback, it was imperative that Gurley rebound. Did he ever, rushing for 1,305 yards and dominating defences as LA went 11-5 to win the NFC West.
Gurley got 37 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That put him far ahead of Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown, who received eight votes. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady got 4 and Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had one.
___
5:45 p.m.
In a year featuring outstanding rookie running backs, the New Orleans Saints' Alvin Kamara has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Kamara, a third-round draft pick from Tennessee, beat another third-rounder, Kansas City RB Kareem Hunt, in balloting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Kamara, selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt, received 28 votes to 21 for Hunt. Houston rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson, despite playing in only seven games before a season-ending knee injury, got the other vote.
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
___
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Police in Leeds are seeking the public's help in tracing a number of people wanted on warrant.
Each of those featured is being sought by officers after warrants for their arrest were issued by Leeds Crown Court or Leeds Magistrates' Court.
The force has not revealed why they are wanted, although such warrants are often issued when defendants fail to turn up for hearings.
Anyone who recognises one of the men or women shown is urged to call Crimestoppers in confidence on 0800 555 111.
What does Kim Jong-un want? One thing: security.
He doesn't want to conquer the world. It's impractical: only one out of every 300 people in the world is North Korean. He doesn't even want to conquer South Korea. It's twice as populous as North Korea and 10 times richer: eliminate the border and Kim's regime would crumble in months. And he certainly doesn't want to attack the United States.
King Kim III (as we would have called him a couple of centuries ago) declared last week that North Korea has now completed the task of building a nuclear deterrent to ward off a possible American attack. It will return to the task of building its economy and prosperity instead. Indeed, it will "stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles," and even shut down a nuclear weapons test site.
He's obviously laying out his negotiating position for the summit meetings that are planned for this month with South Korea's President Moon Jae-in and for next month with U.S. President Donald Trump. He clearly wants a deal, but he has long been afraid of an American attack. There could be a deal, but only if Washington and Seoul acknowledge that his fear is real.
A little story from the Cold War. I only realized how deeply I had been affected by the propaganda I had heard all my young life when I attended my first NATO military exercise in Europe as a journalist. It was the same exercise scenario as always, with Russian tanks surging forward to overrun Western Europe and outnumbered NATO troops struggling to halt the attack.
I did know that NATO wasn't really outnumbered. It had almost twice as many people as the Soviet Union and its allies, and at least four times the wealth. It just chose to have smaller armies because soldiers are very expensive to maintain, and relied instead on the early use of nuclear weapons. But I had never questioned the threat of a Soviet invasion of Western Europe. Nobody did.
Then one day, I was interviewing a senior British army officer and for some reason I asked the obvious question I had never bothered to ask before. What scenario did the Russians use when they ran their military exercises?
Oh, he said airily, their scenarios imagine that we have invaded East Germany, but after a few days they manage to turn it around and start pushing us back west. When their tanks are breaking through the Fulda Gap we use nukes to stop them, and the whole thing rapidly escalates into a general nuclear exchange.
Well, of course. Would the Russians tell their troops that they were launching a deliberate attack on the West that would end in a full-scale nuclear war? No. As the weaker side in the long confrontation, would they ever even consider doing that? Probably not. But I had never considered the fact that the Russians were afraid of us.
It had simply not occurred to me before that a country that had been invaded by everybody from Napoleon to Hitler, and had lost at least 20 million killed in the Second World War, might be obsessed about the threat of being attacked by us. We were the good guys: surely they must realize that we would never do that. But OF COURSE they didn't.
Since ninth grade, Palmer Trinity junior Mariana Navarro has volunteered at Goulds Elementary for the Big Buddies, Little Buddies program which is aimed at helping underprivileged children improve their reading and comprehension skills.
“You go there and sit with a kid,” she says. “They will ask you if they can be their Big Buddy. They will read to you. You help them understand the concept of the story.”
The teens work to make sure that even if the children are on grade level they also understand what they are reading.
“I work with a girl,” she says. “We read about Malala. I talked to her about how school in her country (Afghanistan) is not the same as here. In the country the girl is from, girls struggle to go to school. She knew something about it, but she was shocked about how many girls don't go to school because their parents want the boys to go instead.”
Navarro goes to Goulds two Saturdays a month to help the kids. She's worked with a fifth grader and now a third grader. Some of the children do begin reading at grade level, but they continue to attend the program – often because their parents want them to continue.
“I knew this guy who also went there, his Little Buddy from one month to the next skipped two reading levels,” she says.
Navarro knows what it's like to struggle with language because she moved to the U.S. from Venezuela when she was eight, even though she had attended school with bilingual students in her home country.
“I had to take to English classes,” she says. “It was different for me to go to the school when the kids only speak English.”
When Navarro goes back to Venezuela to visit family, she and her family participate in activities to help the poor. They also collect items and money to be distributed to needy families.
“My nanny, we will give her the things we buy, and she sends them to her hometown,” she says. “We try to do that as much as we can when we are there. If we have family going, there we try to give them money.”
If they have family that is going to Venezuela for a visit, they send money to be given to the needy.
Next month she plans to join a church program that feeds the homeless.
“It's good to help other people who are less privileged than you are,” she says.
At Palmer, Navarro is a peer counselor.
“I love it,” she says. “I think it's a great thing to be a peer counselor. You put yourself in their shoes and you figure out the best possible outcome.”
The peer counselors recent spoke to the ninth-grade students and will be talking to the seventh grade soon. They plan to broach the topic of drugs and alcohol.
She's also a Student Ambassador, available to give families tours of the school and answer questions about Palmer, and the yearbook co-editor.
Navarro has been on the Palmer Junior Varsity volleyball team but may not be able to play next year because of a thumb injury. Outside of school, she takes dance classes and swim classes.
Although it's still early, she has identified a few schools she's interested attending for college. Her list includes the University of Michigan, the University of Texas at Austin and Houston. Her career goal is to become a social worker and help children be adopted.
Linda Rodriguez Bernfeld
The eye is considered as a vital organ in the human body. External factors such as pollution and stress affect the health of the eyes. Fungal keratitis also called as keratomycosis is a coronial fungal infection which affects the eye of the person. It is an ocular infection which results in catastrophic vision. The fungal keratitis occurs in the population working near soil and contact-lens wearing population as they allow fungi to be trapped and provide an ideal environment for their expansion. These fungal spores attract the cornea due to epithelial defects in the eyes. Fungal keratitis is one of the major cause of vision loss and blindness. The fungal keratitis is difficult to treat and remains a major cause for blindness in tropical countries. The fungi penetrate into the layers of cornea and damages the tissues. Fungal keratitis is linked with damage of vegetative matter or objects contaminated with soil in both developed and developing countries. The fungal keratitis diagnoses are often delayed and the treatment is very limited as the medicines lack the ability to pass through the cornea. Also, the medicines are diluted in such a concentration that they do not affect the eyes and eradicate the organism at the same time. The success rate and failure are diagnosed with the use of confocal microscope, which directly examines the inflammation and corneal cells of the organisms.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6934
Factors Driving the Fungal Keratitis Market
The fungal keratitis treatment market is primarily driven by increasing prevalence of infectious diseases. The disease increases with the increase in the temperature frequency. Also it is found to be common in tropical regions thus increase in the global temperature drives the incidence of fungal keratitis thereby driving the market. Due to Poor hygienic conditions in the developing regions the disease is increasing. Also wearing lens while swimming is one of the factor which is increasing contamination in the eye due to which fungal Keratitis in increasing which is driving the growth of the fungal keratitis market. In developed regions, for instance, North America, industrialization and usage of contact lenses are the prevailing factors of fungal keratitis. People living in the rural areas of developing countries are expected to suffer from the disease as they do not have access to the specialists due to low incomes.
The overall market of fungal keratitis treatment is pushed by the increasing demand for growing expenditure on healthcare. However, there are very few developments for the fungal keratitis treatment which limit the market growth. The fungal keratitis treatment market offers the potential to identify the coronary eye disease holds a strong perception in future with its continued investment.
Regional Market Outlook
North America is expected to be the dominant region in the global fungal keratitis treatment market followed by Europe, due to high prevalence of fungal keratitis in the region and strict regulations for patient care and safety. The market in Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a significant rate due to increasing number of awareness programs and fungal keratitis disease population. In addition, initiatives by the governments in the region on providing better healthcare facilities to the population contribute to the growth of the fungal keratitis treatment. The availability of new drugs and R&D in regions such as Asia Pacific and Latin America further are expected to spur the growth of the market during the forecast period.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6934
Key Participants
Examples of some of the key players identified in the global fungal keratitis treatment market are Auro lab, Pfizer, Alcon Inc., and Roche Pharma, among others. The companies are involved in collaboration agreements for R&D in order to exploit maximum potential. Also, they are mainly focused on to strengthen the core competencies of their product portfolio.
Yorkshire is set to be the second worst region in the country for productivity by the end of the decade, with the gap between the north and south set to increase, data published today shows.
Looking ahead to 2020 this performance is set to improve to 1.4 per cent but still leave the region towards the bottom of the national league table.
EY's data suggests that total employment growth in Yorkshire & Humber is expected to flat-line, with average growth of only 0.1 per cent a year expected up until 2020.
Comment: Below average is not good enough for our great county
EY said the poor performance predictions reflected a slowdown in growth outside of the larger cities as a result of lower migration and falling job numbers.
Retail, the public sector and, to an extent, manufacturing have been most affected - all of which are important sectors of Yorkshire's economy.
It also said that in recent years cities in the north of England and in the Midlands have mostly grown more slowly than the average.
Suzanne Robinson
Notable exceptions were that of Manchester, which it said “continues to build on its diverse economy”, and Newcastle, which it said was “catching up after years of slower growth”.
It also said that places like Hull, Sheffield and the Tees Valley have found things difficult.
The city of Leeds was predicted to outperform the region, with growth expected to be stable at 1.7 per cent but still behind the national average of 1.8 per cent.
However, although total employment in the city will continue to grow, driven by gains in the professional, scientific and technical roles as well as administrative and support services. As many as 5,000 jobs are expected to be created in these areas.
Malham Cove.
Hull will see GVA growth of 1.4 per cent a year over the next three years, with employment expansion of 0.1 per cent. This compares with Manchester and Reading, expected to be the fastest growing cities in the UK to 2020, with GVA per year of 2.4 per cent.
In every region, the fastest growing cities outpace average regional growth and the smaller towns and cities are growing more slowly.
Suzanne Robinson, Yorkshire & Humber senior partner at EY, said: “I do find the region's growth figures to 2017 a little surprising as they don't reflect the sentiment of many of the businesses EY engages with across Yorkshire and the Humber on a daily basis. However, it is pleasing to see that annual growth will be improving to 2020, and I'm hopeful that with the right focus on skills and the digital opportunity, Yorkshire and Humber can drive even greater gains than those predicted by this forecast.”
Mark Gregory, chief economist at EY, said: “Yorkshire's economy is more diverse than, for example the North East's, with strengths in technology, professional and financial services, so it does have more of a buffer and that's why the region will fair reasonably well over the next three years.
View of Leeds City Centre from the Pinnacle Building, Leeds..7th December 2017 ..Picture by Simon Hulme
“The Government's recently published proposals for the UK's industrial strategy demonstrate how sectors will be key drivers of both productivity and the economy as a whole. The focus on manufacturing will help support many regions and cities that are located outside of the South East.”
The report also states that a cross-country rail and road network, fit for purpose in the North and Midlands, are essential requirements.
Henri Murison, director of the Northern Powerhouse Partnership, which is tasked with empowering economic growth in the north, said in a statement: “The findings from EY that the north – south divide needs more focus from government and business, along with our civic leaders here in the Northern Powerhouse is one we recognise, and as such identified a route map to address the productivity divide on in our Powerhouse 2050 report published earlier this year.
“The lack of economic progress in the short term and projected for future years in cities including Sheffield and Hull demonstrates the need for progress on devolution in these areas, and across the rest of Yorkshire.”
Win tickets to join LIVE for a Star Wars: The Last Jedi Theatre Takeover!
LIVE is taking over Roadhouse Cinemas for a private screening of Star Wars: The Last Jedi and we want you to join our alliance!
Star Wars: The Last Jedi begins immediately after the events of Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, set thirty years after the conclusion of the original Star Wars trilogy. It continues the story of Rey and her discovery of the exiled Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, along with the story of the war between General Leia's Resistance and the First Order.
Watch the official trailer here!
What You Could Win:
4 tickets to a private screening of Star Wars: The Last Jedi hosted by LIVE and sponsored by Metro PCS
How to Qualify:
Listen to Kaden this Monday through Friday
When given the cue to call- dial 602-260-1015
Be the selected caller for your chance to win!
Event Details:
Saturday December 16, 2017 at 9:00 AM
Located at Roadhouse Cinemas in Scottsdale
Event hosted by LIVE
May the force be with you!
San Francisco: E-commerce giant Amazon is offering refunds to customers who purchased eclipse glasses from the platform and warned them not to use the spectacles to view the total solar eclipse that will occur on August 21.
The company began notifying the buyers about the "unverified" glasses on Saturday. Those who did not receive a recall email are safe to use the ones they purchased, CNET reported on Sunday.
"We recommend that you do not use this product to view the sun or the eclipse," the email issuing the warning read.
Amazon said it issued the recall over concerns with the quality of the glasses.
"Safety is among our highest priorities. Out of an abundance of caution, we have proactively reached out to customers and provided refunds for eclipse glasses that may not comply with industry standards.
"We want customers to buy with confidence anytime they make a purchase on Amazon.com and eclipse glasses sold on Amazon.com are required to comply with the relevant ISO standard," the company added.
The solar eclipse will cross the US from Oregon to South Carolina over the course of an hour-and-a-half and 14 US states will experience night-like darkness for approximately two minutes in the middle of the day.
In India, the Delhi-based Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators will live-stream the upcoming celestial event from the US.
The live streaming will be done from Idaho using a 50 mm f/5 finderscope, a small auxiliary telescope mounted on an Astrotrac tracker -- the main astronomical telescope -- to follow the Sun.
The device will have a webcam and a solar filter fitted to it, which will enable streaming directly on the official YouTube channel of Space India and will also be available on the organisation`s website.
THREAD: Because through all the "memo" news and headlines, it's critical to remember why this issue is important and why it should matter to everyday Americans.
What this issue is all about: whether the Department of Justice and FBI, under President Obama, abused their surveillance authority against American citizens and political opponents. Put another way: was the Obama DOJ weaponized to spy on the Trump campaign?
Remember, in general, the DOJ and FBI spying on American citizens should automatically be met with MAJOR skepticism. That's what the Fourth Amendment is designed to protect against. When those American citizens are ALSO political opponents? It should raise even more red flags.
So, take that principle, and look at what happened in this case. The DOJ spied on Carter Page, an American citizen. Red flag. Carter Page was also part of the Trump campaign. Double red flag. It should automatically raise questions.
Now, pause: we know about the Peter Strzok/Lisa Page texts, the "missing" texts, the McCabe concerns, etc. But this is about more. Focus on the dossier here - the political opposition research project put together by Christopher Steele, Fusion GPS, and the DNC by extension.
Quite simply: This infamous "Russian Dossier" was unverified political opposition research paid for by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC. If the Department of Justice used information like that as a key part of getting a surveillance warrant, it would be a HUGE problem.
Now, from what we've already known for months, it sure looks like that's exactly what happened: that the FBI used that very dossier to get a warrant. @Jim Jordan asked the FBI about it 2 months ago. I asked too. We asked for the FISA application, and the FBI wouldn't show us. WATCH:
We've asked repeatedly for information from the FBI, both privately and publicly. We've openly told FBI and DOJ officials - if we're wrong, tell us! Tell us what was in the FISA application. Let us see the document. But we've been stonewalled for almost a year.
So the bottom line is this: if, in 2016, the DOJ and FBI used an unverified, Clinton/DNC paid-for dossier to spy on American citizens (and political opponents) in the Trump campaign, that is as wrong as it gets. If that happened, Americans deserve to know about it. Period.
I know we live in a hyper-partisan environment, and I know it can be easy to disregard any inquiry like this as party politics. I understand that. But this is so far above politics, folks. Lady Justice wears a blindfold. Her scale is supposed to be balanced.
If any Department of Justice, Republican or Democrat, put their thumb on the scale for the sake of politics - it would undermine the very fabric of who we are as a nation. Americans deserve the truth, one way or the other.
Last point: If you remember anything from this news cycle, remember: your right as an American to privacy from your government spying on you is critical. It is foundational to who we are as a Republic. Never take that right for granted, no matter the political party you belong to. (link)
There continue to be questions about the substance behind the pending release of the House Intelligence Committee memo. With that release in mind, today it is worthwhile remembering this is the beginning of exposing the corruption within the DOJ not the end.For several years the U.S. justice department has maintained an attitude of non-accountability within its ranks. The Obama years elevated that attitude and provided multiple examples of a DOJ gone rogue.A complicit mediaby engineering a false narrative the U.S. Justice Department was/is an independent fourth branch of government; unaccountable to congress and entirely separate from the executive branch.The House Intelligence Memo is simply using the example of currently known FISA abuse to open the door and show the U.S. electorate how corrupt this unaccountable institution has become. Behind that door are very uncomfortable realities for all of those who constructed the weaponized agency; and also those who have benefited from it.Consider:♦When IRS head Lois Learner unlawfully sent the 21 CD-ROM's containing the "Schedule B" filings of over a million Americans to the Obama administration, the recipient was the DOJ. ( LINK in their " Secret Research Project ".♦When U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen demanded DOJ lawyers attend ethics classes due to their false representations to his court -♦When the case against the Bundy family was recently thrown out of court,highlighted by the judge. ( LINK This is the same DOJ who denied their own Office of Inspector General, Michael Horowitz, the right to conduct oversight on DOJ internal action. ( LINK - pdf ) The expressed Justice Department intent in every action has been. This is the pervasive attitude, an air of ideological unaccountability, found rampant within every corrupt system.So it doesn't come as a surprise when the epicenter of that attitude in Washington DC balks at the concept of having oversight, and thumbs their nose at congress by refusing to turn over the underlying FISA application documents.The House Intelligence Committee, Chairman Devin Nunes, has oversight over the entire intelligence apparatus, including DOJ/FBI counterintelligence and the FISA Courts. The House Judiciary Committee, Chairman Bob Goodlatte, has statutory oversight over the entire Department of Justice. The Senate Judiciary Committee, Chairman Chuck Grassley, has oversight over the federal court processes used by the U.S. Department of Justice. The Office of Inspector General, Michael Horowitz, is the internal DOJ watchdog.Unfortunately the corruption appears systemic within the entire justice system. This is the problem currently being confronted.. The American people became the threat to their system. The American people became their enemy. This outlook sounds stark, but this is exactly the way the DOJ has behaved.We The People are in an abusive relationship with the Department of Justice.Representative Mark Meadows puts it thusly The release of the House Intelligence Memo is only the tip of the iceberg; the crack in the door to see just how corrupt the unaccountable Justice System became.There are going to be many more revelations as the investigations into the FBI and DOJ continue. Combine that understanding with the pending OIG Horowitz report, and we have only just begun to see how bad this is...The key aspect to begin restoring a system when it has fallen into the clutches of corruption, is to remove their internal image of unaccountability. The DOJ and FBI are part of the Executive Branch. We need to constantly remind people of that, and push back against this insufferable media-generated narrative of the DOJ being an independent fourth branch of government.
Data released by the Bank of Korea last week showed surplus funds held by the country's households are rapidly decreasing, while corporations sit on a mounting amount of cash reserves.Excess funds held by local households and nonprofit organizations, including consumer and charity groups, totaled 1.9 trillion won ($1.57 billion) in the third quarter of this year, down from 14.1 trillion won in the previous quarter. It marked the smallest sum since the BOK began compiling relevant data in 2009, based on new international standards.Excess funds refer to the amount of money that remains on the balance sheet after being spent, deposited and invested in stocks and other financial assets.The central bank cited increased spending on housing as a main reason for the steep drop in households' surplus funds.By contrast, nonfinancial corporations here held 4.5 trillion won in excess funds in the cited period, compared to a shortage of 5.8 trillion won three months earlier. It was the first time South Korean companies as a whole, including public firms, have gotten out of fund shortages since 2009.Public corporations held 6.4 trillion won in excess funds, while private companies had a shortage of 1.9 trillion won, compared to the 5.4 trillion won deficit in the previous quarter.During the July-September period, local companies raised 5.3 trillion won by borrowing from banks and issuing bonds and stocks. The figure was a sharp drop from the usual amount in previous quarters, which ranged from 20 trillion won to 30 trillion won.As of the end of September, the country's 100 largest corporations in terms of market capitalization retained about 55 trillion won in surplus funds, more than double the figure a year earlier.In the third quarter, household debt rose by 38 trillion won to exceed 1,500 trillion won.Economists say this deepening contrast between financial conditions of corporate and household sectors heightens the need to encourage companies to expand investments and help increase family income.These policy efforts are crucial to bolster the country's faltering economy in the long term.The government last week revised down its growth forecast for 2017 from its initial target of 3 percent to 2.6 percent, which private research institutes see as too rosy. Some economists warn that the growth rate may tumble below 2 percent as a slowdown in domestic demand is likely to be coupled with a slump in exports.Private consumption and construction investment were the main contributors to the 2.6 percent expansion of the country's economy last year, when exports fell by 6.1 percent and facility investment decreased by 3.3 percent.Experts note overhauling the country's business environment is needed to boost entrepreneurship that has been depressed by political influence and excessive regulation.In a recent survey of 800 South Korean adults, conducted by a local economic research institute, more than 52 percent of the respondents cited meddling by political circles as the biggest factor hampering corporate activities.An index of the country's entrepreneurial spirit, measured by the Korea Economic Research Institute, plummeted to 86 last year from its peak of 220 in the late 1980s.As a way to pre-empt undue pressure on businesses, Kim Yong-chul, a professor at Pusan National University, proposed obliging powerful officeholders to report details of their work to the Government Public Ethic Committee on a quarterly basis and disclosing them later.A move by some lawmakers toward enacting a law to prevent quasi-taxes on corporations, which amounted to 16.4 trillion won, excluding social insurances, last year, has drawn support from the public.Corporations are also under mounting pressure to do their part to sever collusive links with political circles by making corporate governance transparent and putting an end to seeking profits through illicit means.“A large amount of punitive damages need to be sought to force companies to suffer huge losses when they earn profits illegally,” said Sung Tae-yoon, an economics professor at Yonsei University.The Federation of Korean Industries, the main business lobby which served as a conduit for corporate donations to two nonprofit foundations controlled by a confidante of President Park Geun-hye, faces the possibility of being disbanded as some corporations under investigation regarding the influence peddling scandal have decided to leave the organization.Whatever the outcome, this atmosphere should lead to cutting the cozy ties between political and business circles, economists say.It may be difficult to expect companies to increase investment as domestic political turmoil has added to uncertainties surrounding businesses at home and abroad.A majority of South Korean companies expect their business conditions to deteriorate in the coming month, with the business survey index for January remaining at 89.9, down from 91.7 for last month. A reading below 100 suggests pessimists outnumber optimists.Economists say, however, measures to help boost corporate investment should top the list of tasks to be undertaken by the current economic team and the next administration, which might take over in the early part of this year, depending on the outcome of the Constitution Court's ongoing review of the parliamentary impeachment of Park.Promoting corporate investment that would result in creating more jobs might be the most effective way to increase income for households, particularly those in the low income bracket, whose earnings have decreased in recent years.By Kim Kyung-ho (khkim@heraldcorp.com)
Jittery Halep makes labored start at French Open
Jittery Halep makes labored start at French Open
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 17:04 IST 29 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PARIS (AP) — Top-ranked Simona Halep overcame some opening-match nerves to advance to the second round of the French Open on Wednesday, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Halep took a bathroom break after Riske jumped out to a 5-0 lead and won the opening set, and looked like a new player when she came back on court. The Romanian unwrapped a new racket and attacked Riske's serve with renewed vigor and aggression, breaking her to love in the second set's first game.
After making 16 unforced errors and winning less than half the points on her serve in the first set, Halep completely reversed the momentum of the match, rediscovering her range and accuracy on the clay of Court Philippe-Chatrier.
Riske, meanwhile, wilted and won only 22 points in losing the second and third sets.
"It's always tough to start the tournament," said Halep, a finalist at Roland Garros last year and in 2014.
The match, the last in the first round of the women's draw, was postponed Tuesday before storms drenched Roland Garros.
Halep's next opponent, 72nd-ranked Taylor Townsend of the United States, played her first-round match on Tuesday.
"I'll be ready," Halep said. "We just have to adapt."
Halep needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking after the French Open.
“The thing is, all he (Lynch) has to do is stand up for two minutes and he can still have whatever beliefs he wants. Go with what looks good for the game and to the people,” Olson said. “He (Goodell) makes rules and, ‘You do this, you do that,' why can't he just say ‘You stand up. You can believe what you want or do what you want. Just stand up like a man.'”
New year, new you. Well, that's not always true – but you can start by considering these five grooming updates (that will make your grooming regime a whole lot smoother) for the new year.
Go green.
Invest in products that feature certified organic ingredients and sustainable farming practices. People For Plants Hydration Gel, ticks all the boxes and its cucumber-aloe formulation is perfect after a day at the beach.
Have a niche fragrance.
You're not opposed to adding a bold touch to your wardrobe, so adopt a similar strategy with a boutique scent people aren't familiar with. Say you like the crisp green notes of Ralph Lauren or Issey Miyake, then remove yourself from the mass market with Mark Buxton Wood and Absinth EDP from Libertine Parfumerie.
B￼uy an electric toothbrush.
Even peptide-enhanced, your arm will never be able to accomplish the same results.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Use age-appropriate grooming products.
Over 25? Add a serum to your routine, namely Lab Series Max LS Overnight Renewal Serum. Under 25? You don't need all the bells and whistles but a moisturiser with sunscreen is wise, like the Bread & Butter SPF15 Face Moisturiser.
Stop getting ripped off on razor blades.￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Just as generic medications have dented chemist bills, no-name blades bit most branded handles and save you cash. Companies like Kogan send a 24-pack, or try Dollar Shave Club.
This article originally appeared on www.gq.com.au
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
SK Group Chairman Chey Tae-won shares a New Year's message on Monday at the SK Networks' Sheraton Grande Walkerhill Hotel. (SK Group)
SK Group Chairman Chey Tae-won on Monday emphasized creating new values through change, as the firm's management policy for this year, in his New Year's speech.“We must strive for deep change on innovation and dynamism,” Chey said at the New Year's meeting held in SK Networks' Sheraton Grande Walkerhill Hotel in Gwangjin-guChey pinpointed three factors -- self-motivation, enhanced business management and innovative business models -- as prerequisite for “deep change.”The conglomerate also promised to give more back to society.Meanwhile, alongside Chairman Chey, SK Group Vice Chairman Chey Jae-won and SK Chemicals Vice Chairman Chey Chang-won became this year's first three new members to join the donor club Honor Society.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.com
Journalists would have seen it as a scoop, and insisted that no laws had been broken. Politicians might have considered it a calamity. Whatever one terms Australia (parliamentary democracy; constitutional monarchy) secrecy remains the state's watchword. When it comes to bureaucratic provisions that supposedly safeguard the state against the prying eyes of the public, all justified in their name, Australia does rather well.
This is particularly so on the subject of Cabinet files, insulated from public view by that curious legal creature known as public interest immunity. In its older variant, the term “Crown privilege” was used. Over history, the courts of Britain and Australia have shown a marked trust in the word of a minister.
As the House of Lords decision of Duncan v Cammell Laird & Co. (1942) asserted, the minister's certification that the documents should not be produced as contrary to the public interest was essentially unimpeachable. The public, effectively, had to be protected from the government's own conduct.
Cabinet minutes, discussions and associated documents were deemed particularly sensitive, though Australian courts have, at stages, taken it upon themselves to determine whether their contents ought to be made known to the public.
In the words of High Court Justice Harry Gibbs in Sankey v Whitlam (1978),
“It is however clear that the court should prevent the disclosure of a document whose production would be contrary to the public interest even if no claim is made by the Minister or other high official that its production should be withheld.”
How paternalistically grateful we must all be for that.
Cabinet is an enclave, where, supposedly, frontbenchers of government can hammer out in frankness and candour policy viewpoints in a pre-pasteurised way. In such a state, the goo, the fat and the flavour remain, at least before it reaches the party room or parliamentary chamber. By that point, sanitisation might have taken place and scandal avoided.
That this approach, and dare one say it, mentality, has not been challenged with more rigour by Australian electors and, in some cases, the elected, is a sure sign about how healthy the actual state of democracy is in the country. Nanny and nurse, in other words, retain their aura, a vestigial power over the political fabric.
All's the more interesting, then, when this wall of secrecy finds itself breached. This week, government faces turned crimson with what may well be one of the largest breaches of cabinet security in the country's history.
It all happened because documents were found in two locked filing cabinets as part of an auction of ex-government furniture in Canberra. The files in question duly wound their way to the national broadcaster, precipitating discussion between the ABC and the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet.
On late Thursday evening, officers from the domestic intelligence agency, ASIO, could be seen retrieving the papers in question in Brisbane, Melbourne and Canberra from the premises of the ABC.
The return of the documents was discussed in a statement released by the ABC.
“The ABC and the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet have agreed on the securing of and the return of the documents which were the subject of the ABC's Cabinet Files reporting to the Commonwealth.”
The statement continues, not without some cheekiness, that,
“This has been achieved without compromising the ABC's priority of protecting the integrity of its source and its reporting, while acknowledging the Commonwealth's national security interests.”
The documents – numbering thousands marked “top secret” and “AUSTEO” (for Australian Eyes Only) are illuminating on a several level. For one, they enable Australians – and others, for that matter – to get a flavour of what exactly is busying those keen members of Cabinet
A series of reactionary nuggets come to the fore. Former immigration minister, Scott Morrison, for one, is particularly charming. When advised by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection that up to 700 asylum seekers had to be granted permanent protection under existing legislation, he demurred. He duly sought “mitigation strategies” to prevent such a grant, including delaying ASIO's security-checks. Deadlines would duly pass, as would the problem
Another juicy instalment can be found in a proposal considered by the Abbott government ahead of the 2014 budget to ban anyone under 30 from accessing income support. The expenditure review committee, comprising the dark Trinitarian force of former Prime Minister Abbott, former treasurer Joe Hockey and Finance Minister Matthias Cormann, requested then social services minister Kevin Andrews to consider methods of prohibiting “job snobs” from receiving welfare payments.
The response from parliamentarians to this breach do not centre on scolding government officials or members of cabinet for inappropriate views or policies. Attitudes and opinions are less important than the management of information. The breach, in other words, rather than the substance of it, is what matters.
Chris Bowen of the opposition Labor Party, for instance, fears for his country, which is another way of saying he fears what others might think of it.
“This is embarrassing for the country, it is embarrassing to our allies who share intelligence with us and assume that we will be able to keep it.”
The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet have come to a solution on how best to cope with the breach: investigate itself. The prospects of this generating into a Canberra farce, a bureaucratic comic interlude, are high.
One person not laughing (he rarely does in any case) is former intelligence analyst and current independent member of the Australian federal parliament, Andrew Wilkie.
“We need an independent investigation to look at this systematically.”
This is exactly what the government will do its best to avoid.
*
Dr. Binoy Kampmark was a Commonwealth Scholar at Selwyn College, Cambridge. He lectures at RMIT University, Melbourne. Email: bkampmark@gmail.com
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Dr. Binoy Kampmark , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/bungling-crown-privilege-australias-cabinet-security-breach/5628181
Actor and avant-garde performance artist Shia LaBeouf is completing his destiny. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Shia LaBeouf will play his own father in Honey Boy, a movie loosely based on his life. LaBeouf wrote the biopic, sharing the credit with a co-writer he admits is actually a pseudonym "Otis Lort." The same fictional moniker will also be used, roman-a-clef style, as the name of Honey Boy's protagonist, a teenage child-actor (played by Oscar-nominated actor Lucas Hedges) who has a complicated relationship with his dad.
While the casting sounds pretty wild, Honey Boy is a very personal project for LaBeouf. Before the announcement, the script was listed on the Black List, an annual list that compiles Hollywood's "most liked" unproduced screenplays. According to THR, the movie was described on that list with the description, "A child actor and his law-breaking, alcohol-abusing father attempt to mend their contentious relationship over the course of a decade.” The title comes from his father Jeffrey's nickname for LaBeouf, "Honey Boy."
In a recent cover story with Esquire, Labeouf explained that his difficult relationship with his father fueled a great deal of his life, explaining, "That dude is my gasoline." He added, "My dad handed me a lot, and his legacy was an emotional one. And it wasn't scarring." He also claimed that it was thinking about his relationship with his dad that would stir up the intense emotions needed of him in certain scenes. saying "I could work myself up into a frenzy." He noted that his father was "the whole reason I became an actor.”
Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The movie will roughly take place during the time when LaBeouf gaining fame in the wildly successful Disney Channel family comedy Even Stevens. Though Hedges did not have the same name recognition as a young actor as LaBeouf, he also had experience as a teen actor — the 21-year old actor appeared in Wes Anderson's 2012 flick Moonrise Kingdom. He also played teens in last year's critically-acclaimed movies Ladybird (he performed as a fellow theater geek and love-interest to the lead, Saoirse Ronan) and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (he was the grief stricken Frances Mcdormand's son). He received his Oscar nod for Best Supporting Actor for his part as a teenage orphan in 2016's Manchester by the Sea.
It should be noted that though they are playing son and dad, Hedges and LaBeouf are not that far apart in their actual ages. LaBeouf was born in 1986 and Hedges in 1996. Since Hedge frequently plays high schoolers, it stands to reason that the 31-year-old actor will be going through more of a transformative makeup regimen to look like a man old enough to have a son Hedges' age.
Michael Loccisano/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
LaBeouf revealed to Esquire that he finished writing the screenplay when he was in rehab in 2017 and worked through some deeply personal issues with his parents and his father, who also has been to rehab. According to the interview, 13-year-old LaBeouf lived with his father Jeffrey in a "forty-dollar-a-night motel" to be close to the Even Stevens set. “I was going to the Alano Club [a twelve-step program] with my dad," LaBeouf told Esquire. "That was my daycare center. Then I'd go to work. That was my whole life.”
In addition to working on Honey Boy, LaBeouf plays tennis pro John McEnroe in the upcoming indie drama Borg McEnroe, which will be released on April 18, and he'll star opposite Dakota Johnson in The Peanut Butter Falcon, which will premiere later in the year.
As for Honey Boy, it sounds like LeBeouf's role playing his own father just might be the role of a lifetime for the actor.
Forest fire crew packs up at the end of a day's work. Politicians should not wear this uniform. (B.C. Wildfire Service)
I'm just back from vacation and a drive from Victoria to Prince George last week to visit relatives. Here are a few observations.
• The closure of Highway 97 through the South Cariboo forced northbound traffic to the Coquihalla and up Highway 5 to Little Fort, then west on Highway 24 to rejoin 97 just south of 100 Mile House. Blackened tree trunks are still visible near Barriere and McLure, north of Kamloops, where fires burned for 75 days in 2003, forcing the evacuation of 3,800 people.
The one visible roadside scar from this year's fires was near Williams Lake, where a brush fire ran up to one of the many widening and paving projects underway this summer. The broad construction area acted as a firebreak and only a small spot burned on the other side before the fire was put out.
• Smoke was visible in the Prince George area, but it wasn't until south of Quesnel that the brown haze and strong smell settled in. Air conditions were worst at Kamloops and Merritt, where smoke followed river valleys while trapped in an extended high-pressure system. A haze was still visible when I returned to Victoria, and when I started my car the next day, the smell from the air vents was a reminder of conditions in the Interior.
• Vancouver media went from bad to worse as they grew bored with the struggles of far-off towns and farms. Among many errors by drama-seeking urban outlets, the CBC announced the rescinding of an evacuation order for Princeton, which was never evacuated. Then for days the people's network flogged the story of a back-burn gone wrong on Hart Ridge Mountain south of Clinton, after the wind shifted suddenly.
The tone of the coverage suggested a reckless, inept effort by the B.C. Wildfire Service, with sound-bites from an angry rancher who went to media instead of filing his damage claim with the province. The unfairness to exhausted firefighting crews seemed lost on them, or unimportant next to the media craving for conflict.
Worst of all was TV coverage of a family's return to the burned-out mobile home park near Ashcroft. Zoom in on the crying, that's gold for a jaded urban audience. If that's what they put their effort into, they should stay home and do another bike lane story instead.
• Speaking of disaster porn, Al Gore cited the B.C. fires during the Toronto stop of the promotional tour for his latest movie, An Inconvenient Sequel. That's the follow-up to his 2006 docu-drama that predicted an ice-free Arctic by 2014, the breakup of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, and other dire events that have not materialized.
• B.C. statistics aren't complete yet, but measuring by area burned, this year likely won't even be close to the record in 1958. Nationally, Canadian Interagency Forest Fire Centre statistics show so far in 2017, area burned across Canada is far below 1989, 1994, 1995 and 2014.
• On the NDP government's second political tour of the fire zone, Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth, Forests Minister Doug Donaldson and North Coast MLA Jennifer Rice posed for pictures wearing the red uniform of the B.C. Forest Service. Pro tip for next time: don't put on a uniform you haven't earned the right to wear.
They did their helicopter tour and photo opportunity with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who delayed his visit to B.C. until he could attend a lucrative party fundraiser in Vancouver.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca Twitter: @tomfletcherbc
A new Des Moines Register poll finds 42% of Iowans approve of the job President Trump is doing, while 49% disapprove.
“Trump won Iowa on his way to the White House by 9 percentage points in November, his widest victory among states believed by many to be swing states.”
Ask and ye shall receive — sort of! A fan inquired what eye makeup Kim Kardashian West was wearing via Twitter and the mogul and reality superstar not only replied. She also dropped a huge bombshell about her next KKW Beauty product. KKW Beauty is dropping another eyeshadow palette and its namesake and creator was (presumably) rocking the shades on her lids. She commented that she shot a campaign for her new eye palette "coming out real soon."
Eeep! How soon is TBD.
KKW Beauty's first eyeshadow palette is a collab with Kardashian West and her longtime makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic. It's a 10-pan palette packed with shimmery 'n' matte neutrals, the most gorgeous cobalt blue, and more. It has regularly sold out via the brand's website, which is its main sales platform.
Judging from the pic of Kardashian with thoroughly smoky (and blended) eyes, the second eyeshadow palette might feature pinks and grays.
While Kardashian confirmed a second eye palette is on the way, curiosity doesn't stop there. We have theories about whether or not this is KKW x Kylie Cosmetics, V. 2.0. Remember, KKW Beauty launched as a creme liquid lipstick quadrant in four nude hues. It was a collab with her little sister Kylie Jenner's already-existing and mega popular Kylie Cosmetics.
Jenner recently dropped a hint about an encore to the KKW kollab and fans are connecting the dots.
Here's the revelatory tweet where KKW confirmed a new palette. Yes, it can stand alone and is enough to get makeup mavens super stoked.
Here's Jenner's Insta post. It was a throwback to their campaign. But the caption also asked if fans want Round 2. Something tells us that's not an informal poll or a query to see if fans are into the idea of KC x KKW II. Something tells us that's a hiding-in-plain-sight hint about something they are already working on.
These are the necessary nudes from the KKW x Kylie Cosmetics power collab. It would make complete and total sense for the separate but beloved brands to collide once again but in a totally new way. They mastered creme liquid lippies in a variety of nudes. Why not try something different — like an eye palette— for their next mashup? We'll have have to wait and see if these two teases are related or if they were merely a coincidence.
Fans are already all in.
They think it looks bronzy, glam, and...
... Beyonce-like.
Ahem! The four lippies are a collab with her baby sister for KKW Beauty. But is this Part 2? Perhaps.
For refresher purposes, this is the KKW x Mario palette. It's packed with pops of colors along with goes-with-everything neutrals.
Courtesy of KKW Beauty
Because #swatches.
This is Kylie Cosmetics' most recent eye palette. The Sorta Sweet palette is absolutely loaded with bronzy goodness. It could very well be Jenner's most wearable palette to date.
Courtesy of Kylie Cosmetics
These are all the tools you need to achieve a bronzy, Olsen Twin-approved smoky eye.
More eyeshadow goodness is on the way from Kim Kardashian's cosmetics brand. While we are left to speculate and piece together clues regarding the specifics, there are still plenty of other products to shop in the meantime.
The collection of nude lippies has also been applauded for offering eight nude varietals. Not all nudes are created equal and what's nude to one person's eyes based on their experience and skin tone is entirely different from someone else's perceptions. This lippie range totally understands that concept.
Here's hoping that the nest KKW palette gets here quick and that the Kim x Kylie reprise is a real thing and not just a tease.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Michael Flynn, former national security adviser. (Associated Press File)
Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser puts an exclamation point on the need for Congress to conduct a thorough investigation of the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
On the very day in December that President Barack Obama instituted new sanctions on Russia for its interference in the presidential election, Flynn contacted Russian ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak. According to the FBI, Flynn and Kislyak discussed existing and new sanctions. But Flynn told members of the Trump transition team, including Vice President-elect Mike Pence, that he had exchanged only holiday greetings and other nonpolicy chit-chat with the ambassador.
Tuesday, the Washington Post reported that President Trump knew of Flynn's deception for at least 10 days before Flynn had little choice to resign because the severe breach of protocol, and possibly of federal law, was reported by the Post and others. Trump did nothing.
Congressional Republicans, meanwhile, continue to stonewall any investigation of Russia's influence over the Trump administration. Majority members of the House Ways and Means Committee blocked minority Democrats' attempts Tuesday to obtain Trump's tax returns in an effort to determine whether he has significant financial ties, including debts, in Russia.
Flynn's resignation is not the end of the story. It's part of one. Congress' obligation is to uncover it in its entirety.
Man thrown from his vehicle, alcohol believed to be a factor in accident near Parksville
A man died after he was thrown from his vehicle in a highway crash in Nanoose Bay last week.
The single-vehicle accident happened Friday at 5:05 p.m. in the northbound lanes of the Island Highway about a kilometre north of the Northwest Bay Road intersection, said Sgt. Darrin Ramey of RCMP Central Island Traffic Services.
Police say the Parksville man who was driving the Suzuki Grand Vitara was not wearing a seatbelt and alcohol is believed to have been a factor.
“The vehicle lost control and went off-road right, rolled several times. The single-occupant driver was ejected and landed on the road,” Ramey said.
Other motorists stopped to assist and a Nanaimo RCMP officer was on scene immediately; they started first aid and CPR. Firefighters and paramedics continued CPR, but the man, in his mid-60s, was pronounced dead at the scene.
B.C. Coroners Service attended and northbound lanes were completely closed for a couple of hours, with traffic detoured along Northwest Bay Road.
“Had he been wearing a seatbelt, his odds of surviving the crash would have greatly increased, but he was shot out of the car and you don't survive those kinds of things…” Ramey said. “Seatbelts are the law and not only that, they're a really good idea.”
The man's next of kin have been notified, but police aren't releasing a name. RCMP are continuing their investigation.
editor@nanaimobulletin.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
× Man charged with raping, impregnating 11-year-old
ST. CHARLES COUNTY, Mo. – The St. Charles County Prosecuting Attorney's Office charged a St. Louis County man with raping and impregnating an 11-year-old, who later gave birth as a result.
According to the probable cause statement from the O'Fallon Police Department, the incidents occurred between April 19, 2017 and May 11, 2017 at a home on Downing Street.
O'Fallon police spoke with the victim, who said the defendant, identified as 32-year-old Cornelius Lee Page, had forced intercourse with her twice and additional sexual contact with her on two separate occasions.
The victim gave birth to a baby boy on January 31, 2018.
Police obtained DNA from the victim, the baby, and Page to conduct a paternity test. The results showed a 99.999 percent probability that Page was the father of the child.
Prosecutors said Page has prior convictions for possession of controlled substances, tampering with motor vehicles, and assaulting law enforcement and resisting arrest. He previously served five years in the Missouri Department of Corrections from 2008 to 2013.
No relationship is without conflict, whether it's a romantic one or between family members or friends. After all, even though you may feel you know somebody so well — you can read their every thought and want — experience reveals that that's not necessarily true. No matter how happy a couple may look in their Facebook posts, you know that couple and the behind-the-scenes with their day-to-day life, and it's not always 24/7 smiles and Facebook posts. And relationship experts agree that there are some common recurring relationship issues that even the healthiest couples have.
“We all know that arguments and conflicts are a natural part of every relationship in our lives,” Heidi McBain, Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist and author of Life Transitions: Personal Stories of Hope Through Life's Most Difficult Challenges and Changes, tells Bustle. “However, what is even more important is how we deal with these issues when they show up in our relationships, because they will come up at some point for all of us.” She advises that couples seek counseling if recurring issues become a major problem in your relationship.
“It can be a great way to learn some new, healthier ways of communicating with your partner,” she says. “Counseling can also help you see where some of these unhealthy patterns started (often within your own family of origins) and then teach you ways to break these patterns, so you and your partner can create a happy and healthy relationship together.”
As McBain says, it's all about the way you and your partner work together and deal with your conflicts. Below, relationship experts weigh in on the most common recurring relationship issues, and perhaps you'll identify with some. In any case, you'll know you and your partner are not alone.
1 Money Andrew Zaeh for Bustle You may hear that couples often argue about money — anything from one person overspending to the other not managing money well. The moment one money argument may be over, another may begin. Hence, it's an ongoing issue for many couples. “People often have very different ways of dealing with money, especially when it comes to how much they need to have to feel safe and secure in life,” McBain tells Bustle. “It helps to talk openly about how they save and spend, and the sooner they can have these conversations the better (even starting before they are married). Having set financial goals that they are working toward together can also be helpful.” Dr. Rachel Needle, licensed psychologist and Certified Sex Therapist in West Palm Beach, FL, and the Co-Director of Modern Sex Therapy Institutes, says money is one of the most common sources of conflict in a relationship, whether it's about spending, saving, managing, or sharing it. “In addition, what belongs to whom, how much debt each is in, power dynamics, and personality factors also play a role in money conversations and arguments," she tells Bustle. "Our thoughts and feelings about money are often shaped by our personal history with it.”
2 Sex Ashley Batz/Bustle If you guessed that sex is a relationship issue that comes up often, even among healthy couples, you are correct. “Sex is a difficult topic for many to communicate about, and one that often leads to conflict in a relationship,” Dr. Needle says. “When communication isn't great anyway, communicating about sex can be even more difficult for most. Conflict about sex can come up for many reasons, including but not limited to: different sexual expectations, desire discrepancy, sexual incompatibility, needs, wants, boredom, and performance issues.” To avoid any misunderstandings around sex, Dr. Needle says that open, honest, and healthy communication is best.
3 Bedroom Temperature Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Aside from heating things up in the bedroom, sexually, an ongoing conflict among couples also has to do with heating things up in the bedroom thermostat-wise. Dr. Fran Walfish, Beverly Hills family and relationship psychotherapist, author, The Self-Aware Parent, regular expert child psychologist on The Doctors, CBS TV, and co-star on Sex Box, WE tv, tells Bustle. “It is very typical for one partner in the couple to prefer the room cool while the other wants it warm, but it takes two to tango," she tells Bustle. "Compromise is required. It's best to agree to keep the temperature mid-range, around 70 degrees, and the one who prefers it warmer can layer up with blankets and covers.”
4 Social Media Ashley Batz/Bustle Social media — and what role it plays in your romantic relationship — is another recurring relationship issue. “A long stream of relationship issues arise from social media,” Margaux Cassuto, relationship expert and matchmaker, Three Matches, tells Bustle. “These issues include mistrust from a partner who feels uncomfortable with a new friend request; hurt feelings by social media absence (when one partner doesn't include photos of their partner on their profile or doesn't update their status to ‘in a relationship'); lack of support caused by lack of ‘likes' or shares, etc. Given the prevalence of social media in our lives, this problem will usually rear its ugly head more than once.” So with phones not going anywhere anytime soon, what's a couple to do? To overcome this, Cassuto suggests that couples be sensitive to their partner's social media presence. “Try to accommodate their oversharing or under-sharing ways,” she says.
5 Driving BillionPhotos.com/Fotolia When it comes to being in the car with your significant other, can you think of a time when you two disagreed about driving — driving too fast, driving too slow, driving the wrong way, and so on? Driving is another recurring conflict among couples, according to Dr. Walfish. “Often, the passenger partner will direct the driving partner to slow down or speed up when they are driving,” she says. “When you are both in the car, both partners must feel safe. If the driving partner is driving over the speed limit, tailgating, or practicing any other risky behaviors, it is reasonable and fair for the passenger to request safe driving.” But Dr. Walfish says the real challenge here is this: “Most people ‘hate' to be told what to do and how to do it. But safety comes first. Loving partners in a couple need to respect the need for feeling safe in their beloved. It is crucial to learn apart what is safety motivated versus what is an attempt to control you.”
6 Not Accepting Their Unhealthy Habits Ashley Batz/Bustle As you probably know, no one is perfect, including you and including your partner. If they have habits you hate, how do you react? ”A recurring problem is that you don't tolerate their unhealthy habits,” Thomas Edwards, founder of The Professional Wingman, tells Bustle. “Anyone who tries to quit an unhealthy habit is going to have a hard time. The harsher truth is, it won't be easier for them to quit because of you, whether it's smoking, drinking, gambling, or other addictive behaviors.” Edwards has advice, though, if you want to be supportive even if you don't approve of the habit at the moment. “To simplify what can become a complicated issue, if you want to support them through this, focus on these two things. First, remember, it's not your responsibility — people will quit based on their choice, not your pushing,” he says. “Second, express to them how it impacts and makes you (and others) feel in a proactive, constructive, and loving way.”
7 Chores Andrew Zaeh for Bustle I doubt anyone *loves* to wash the dishes or take out the trash, and the division of labor when it comes to chores is another recurring relationship issue. “Household responsibilities, including chores, are not often discussed at the beginning of a relationship,” Dr. Needle says. “When couples share responsibilities, it tends to feel more like a partnership, which can help couples feel more connected. The most important part of this is communicating about expectations.” Dr. Needle says this will often lead to greater relationship satisfaction and less recurring conflict.
8 Spending Too Much Time Apart Hannah Burton/Bustle You and your partner may both be workaholics, maybe one of you gets home when the other is already in bed, or perhaps one of you is out of town a lot. All these things point to spending too much time apart, which is another recurring relationship issue among couples. “Life can either get too busy or too distracting to consciously remember to make time for those you love,” Edwards says. “The easy way to take care of this is by scheduling dates in advance. While this may take away the spontaneous nature of ‘dating,' having something to look forward to helps make the actual experience highly enjoyable and can lead to spontaneous dates in the future.” Cassuto agrees with having a date night. “The best way to address this is to book a standing date with your partner,” she says. She also suggests other creating other traditions, like Sunday brunch and Netflix. “Try to squeeze in any other quality time, even if it is only through FaceTime,” she says.
New Delhi: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday confirmed a shortened but blockbuster Future Tours Programme (FTP) for the next cycle, covering the 2019-2023 period, during it's Special General Meeting held in Delhi today.
During the period, India will host as many as 81 matches across formats, including high-profile series against England, South Africa and Australia. This number is 30 more than the current FTP, against which cricketers have complained about work-load.
(Also read: BCCI SGM: Members set to debate new FTP, Kochi compensation)
Considering cricketers' request to reduce the workload, the BCCI insisted, it has reduced the number of playing days per year even though the number of matches have increased.
The FTP will have 306 playing days, as against the existing 390 playing days. But these days don't cover the 2021 ICC Champions Trophy and the 2023 ICC World Cup.
Skipper Virat Kohli had requested the Indian board to consider players' workload. Indian cricketers have been playing non-stop cricket, hosting Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka after the Indian Premier League. Then they will tour South Africa.
(Also read: If government agrees, there will be space for India-Pakistan bilateral series: BCCI)
Previously, players' request to curtailed playing days were met with objections from some quarters.
A section of the BCCI members are of the opinion that if top players want rest, they are free to take rest but the playing days should be boarded's prerogative.
"The players on one hand want a hike in pay and also want to have the number of playing days curtailed. How is that possible? No one is putting players on gunpoint and making them play. The moment you are fatigued, take rest," a senior office bearer of the BCCI told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
He also cited a practical difficulty of lessening the number of days.
"Suppose if we curtail the number of days, the broadcasters will then pay us accordingly. Now we are in a position where we have to pay Rs 850 crore fine after losing the arbitration to Kochi Tuskers. From where will the money be recovered. In any case, FTP or pay hike can only be passed by the General body," he said.
Another Wicked Camper with an offensive slogan was spotted driving on the Coast Road into Byron Bay on Tuesday night.
Another Wicked Camper with an offensive slogan was spotted driving on the Coast Road into Byron Bay on Tuesday night.
YET another disgusting Wicked Camper has been spotted on the Northern Rivers, yet despite numerous complaints they will remain on our roads unless there are nationwide changes.
In 2018, Ad Standards has received just under 15 complaints about the van hire company, due to their sexist, racist, rude or derogatory slogans.
A van spotted in East Ballina in March and South Mission Beach in Queensland earlier this month has received seven complaints to Ad Standards.
Northern Rivers locals are outraged that the offensive tags on wicked campers are still legal in NSW. Beth Hansen
Another van with a slogan that reads "you can un-follow me but you can't un-swallow me" was seen driving through Byron Bay on Tuesday night.
What do these two vehicles have in common? They are registered in South Australia therefore not breaching road and advertising standards in Queensland.
Over a year ago the Queensland Government implemented new laws which allowed the Transport Department to cancel the registration on a vehicle that displayed an offensive tag.
The Transport Operations (Road Use Management) (Offensive Advertising) Amendment Act 2016 enabled Ad Standards to notify the QLD Department of Transport and Main Roads of instances where Ad Standards had not been able to obtain voluntary compliance with a decision of the Ad Standards Community Panel.
Since this legislation came into force, Ad Standards have referred five cases of non-compliance to the Queensland Government.
"In one case Wicked Campers submitted a statutory declaration stating that they had modified a van to remove an image that had breached the Code," Ad Standards spokeswoman said.
"This demonstrated the effectiveness of the Queensland legislation."
However, this legislation is only applicable in Queensland and the proprietor of Wicked Campers has found a loophole by registering his vehicles in South Australia.
So should we be looking at legislation on a Federal level to eradicate these vulgar slogans off all Australian roads?
In a statement NSW Roads Minister Melinda Pavey agreed the slogans were offensive but confirmed there were no Wicked Camper vans registered in NSW.
"Clearly, a consistent national approach would be the most effective way in dealing with this issue," Ms Pavey said.
A spokesman from the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Michael McCormack's office said there was currently no federal legislation covering paint schemes on road vehicles.
"Modification of vehicles after supply to the market, including paint or other forms of decoration, is governed directly by individual State and Territory Governments through their registration authorities," the spokesman said.
"Concerns must be raised with the registration authority where the vehicles are registered."
"Offensive material in general may also be a matter which can be raised with local police agencies."
However, any complementary action from other jurisdictions that strengthens the legislative backstop to the advertising self-regulation system to prevent the jurisdiction hopping would be strongly supported by Ad Standards.
How the Ad Standards complaint process works:
Making a complaint
Must be submitted in writing. A single written complaint is sufficient to initiate a formal investigation.
Complaints can be submitted online via https://adstandards.com.au/lodge-complaint or received via post and facsimile.
Assessment
All complaints are promptly assessed for their appropriateness before their submission to the Ad Standards Community Panel for determination.
The Ad Standards Community Panel is a made up of a broad range of age groups, backgrounds and is gender balanced, and as far as possible is representative of the diversity of Australian society.
Ad Standards replied to all enquiries informing them of the status.
Notification
Once accepted, the complainant is informed via email or post that their enquiry is being considered by the Community panel.
The advertiser is also then notified and given a copy of the complaint.
The advertiser is then required to provide a written response and copies of the relevant advertising or market communication to allow the complaint to be dealt with at the next meeting of the panel.
The Community Panel meets twice a month to consider any complaints.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO - A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
Television channel Vuzu AMP is undergoing a huge facelift in the New Year.
For starters, it will change its name to 1Magic on 29 January 2018 – DStv Channel 103 for DStv Premium customers.
One of the new biggest shows on the channel will be a telenovela titled The River.
The show will be spearheaded by a star-studded cast of Sindi Dlathu, Hlomla Dandala and Moshidi Motshegwa.
The plot-line for the shows follows the deadly result that comes when the greedy world of society's upper crust collides with that of ordinary common folk.
On 2 February, a new local TV drama will also premiere on the channel called Unmarried.
Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are house hunting.
The 33-year-old reality TV star and her basketball player boyfriend, 26, are reportedly expecting their first child together and the pair are looking for a place to raise the baby.
A source told PEOPLE: "Khloé is looking for a home with Tristan Thompson, and she's thrilled they've taken this next step together. The whole family is being super supportive of each other."
This will be Khloe's first baby but Tristan welcomed son Prince Oliver Thompson, in December 2016 with his ex-girlfriend Jordan Craig.
Khloe's sister Kylie Jenner is also expecting her first baby with boyfriend Travis Scott and she and Khloe are planning their nurseries together, along with their family, including sister Kim Kardashian West - who will welcome a third child with her husband Kanye West via surrogate.
The source said: "Khloé and Kylie are both starting to plan out their nurseries, and Kim and Kourtney are also involved in the process. All the sisters are super excited, and Kris has been helping as well."
Meanwhile, Kylie, 20, is reportedly planning to maintain a low profile throughout her pregnancy.
The insider added: "Kylie still wants to keep a low profile and prefers to stay home at the moment. Even though this is a very exciting time for her, she wants to be more private for now, and is doing her best to stay out of the public eye.
"She feels good, but her body is changing. She doesn't want to be photographed. At the moment, she wants more privacy. She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company. She is very excited about the baby though. She talks about the baby nonstop. She is already shopping like crazy."
Test Boost Elite accompanied with the aid of the eccentric phase when the muscle is lengthening.making use of the principle of overload is the maximum essential aspect in those resistance education techniques, be it isokinetic or isometric. What stimulates muscle growth and builds energy is the overload pressure it undergoes to conquer the heaviness of resistance added with the aid of.
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
SAN DIEGO — For most of the game, it seemed like it was Jock Landale all by himself against the entire San Diego Toreros team.
The big Australian senior had 34 points and tied his season high with 18 rebounds — he had a double-double by halftime — and the No. 13 Saint Mary's Gaels held off USD 65-62 on Saturday night to extend their school-record winning streak to 18.
One of Landale's biggest shots of the night came when he powered into the key for a layup with one minute left to help keep the rallying Toreros just at arm's length.
"There are very few of those guys that you can actually just keep going to in the post, they're not going to double, they're going to make him beat them," Saint Mary's coach Randy Bennett said. "He can do it."
The Gaels (23-2, 12-0 West Coast Conference) have the nation's second-longest winning string. No. 3 Purdue won its 19th straight on Saturday, 78-76 in overtime at Rutgers.
"I don't care about 18 straight but it's a great win," Bennett said. "When league started, we were like, 'This is going to be a tough one to get done down in San Diego because they're good. Lamont's doing a great job."
USD coach Lamont Smith was impressed with the 6-foot-11 Landale.
"We thought if we could let Landale get 100 and lock up the rest of the guys we may give ourselves a chance," Smith joked. "And he's a load. He's hard to guard. He did everything he could to keep his team in the game and then some, but our guys kept battling and battling. We're not into moral victories, but our guys, if they're going to battle like that I'll sleep well at night."
The Gaels led 36-24 at halftime and continued to lead by double digits until the Toreros slowly closed the gap late in the game.
Tyler Williams hit three 3-pointers and Isaiah Wright hit two 3s down the stretch for USD (15-9, 6-6).
A motorcycle ride is being planned to remember Adrianna Colon, the 31-year-old woman who was killed in a motorcycle crash Tuesday in Worcester.
The ride will also help raise money to help Colon's family.
Friends and family posted messages on Facebook grieving the loss of Colon, a mother who loved riding motorcycles.
Some people referred to her at BatGirl, a reference to her love of the Batman franchise. Friends called Colon by her nickname "Addy" on Facebook.
Several pictures of Colon online show her wearing clothing with the Batman symbol.
Worcester police have not released Colon's identity.
Colon was riding her 2003 Kawasaki ZR 1000 when she collided with a car on Plantation Street in Worcester around 10:25 a.m. Tuesday near the Interstate 290 westbound on-ramp.
"The preliminary investigation indicates that the motorcycle, a 2003 Kawasaki ZR 1000, was traveling southbound on Plantation Street when it collided into the passenger side front door of a 2001 Toyota Avalon," Worcester police said in a news release.
The Avalon was being driven by a 79-year-old Worcester resident. The Avalon was heading north on Plantation Street and was turning left to enter onto the westbound I-290 on ramp.
Kerri Fitzgerald, who used to ride with a group that Colon also rode with, is setting up a memorial ride Saturday for Colon. People are being asked to donate $20 if they want to join the ride with either their cars or motorcycles.
Fitzgerald told MassLive all of the proceeds from the ride will be given to the Colon's family to help with funeral arrangements. Friends will also be collecting money for the family at Smokey Joe's Cigar Bar Thursday night at the 371 Park Ave. location in Worcester at 7:30 p.m.
The benefit ride will begin at noon on Saturday. People will gather at Sheldon's Harley-Davidson located at 914 Southbridge St. in Auburn. The ride will end at the Quabbin Reservoir.
If you've seen influencers like Kim Kardashian and Chelsea Clinton tweeting about who Matthew Charles is, then you might already know his heartbreaking story. Charles, who served over 20 years in prison before being pardoned by President Obama, will reportedly have to return to prison for another 10 years to complete his sentence. And now, people around the country are standing up to defend him.
According to Heavy, Charles, a 51-year-old man, served 21 years of his original 35 year sentence for dealing crack cocaine before being released from federal prison in 2016. The reason for his early release was due to a change in the penalties for dealing crack cocaine; prior to that, convictions related to one gram of cocaine were the same as those related to 100 grams of cocaine. And after these penalties were changed to reflect the severity of the crimes more accurately, a federal judge decided to apply the changes to Charles' sentence by shortening it.
According to Nashville Public Radio, the U.S. Attorney's office decided to appeal Charles' release earlier this year, though, based on the grounds that Charles was a "repeat offender" (meaning he's been arrested more than once). Therefore, the office claims, this retroactive change in law could not have applied to him. A court of appeals agreed with the U.S. Attorney's office, and so Charles is returning to jail, unless President Trump decides to overturn the sentencing.
The decision to force Charles to return to prison to carry out the rest of his sentence has been met largely with anger and frustration, primarily because of how Charles conducted himself upon leaving prison.
Kardashian tweeted, "...[Charles] serves over 21 yrs, is released, finds a job, new relationship, starts a new life, & now is being sent back for another 10 yrs because the original release was an error. This man has completely rehabilitated himself."
According to The Hill, Charles returned to Nashville after leaving prison, then found a job, got an apartment, rented a car, and began to re-establish a relationship with his children and grandchildren. He also fell in love with a woman, and began volunteering at a local soup kitchen on a weekly basis.
Prior to leaving prison, Charles was reportedly a model inmate while serving his time. According to court documents provided by Charles' attorney, as reported by Heavy, Charles didn't incur a single disciplinary write-up during his time in prison.
The documents continue, "On supervised release, Charles' record is immaculate. He works full time, does volunteer work to serve the poor, and is a shining example of what a person can, despite felony convictions, make of his life.”
CJ Ciaramella, a criminal justice reporter for Reason, summarized the outrage that many are feeling in a single tweet: "Imagine getting out of prison after 21 years, rebuilding your life, and then getting sent back after two years free because of an "error"," Ciaramella explained, adding, "It really happened."
Charles' re-sentencing is so surprising that it has even become something of a bipartisan issue: The Federalist, a traditionally conservative news publication, published a think piece arguing why President Trump should commute Charles' sentence (to "commute" a sentence is to reduce it, which is what Obama originally did for Charles).
On behalf of The Federalist, David Marcus wrote,
Since his release Charles has been a fully employed, church-going member of his community who volunteers and is in a serious romantic relationship. Now he's losing not only his reprieve, but also the new life he has built. Legally, it may very well be that the courts made the right decision in revoking his freedom, but might this be a case where the law is not producing the just goals it was intended to, and might president Trump's unique power be appropriate in making this situation right?
Though President Trump has yet to make a statement on his opinion of Charles' re-sentencing to prison, he met with Kardashian West on Wednesday to discuss the potential pardoning of another criminal case, which involves the life sentencing of Alice Marie Johnson, a woman who was convicted for a first-time drug offense in 1996.
As for Charles, he has posted several times on Facebook about the re-sentencing, thanking people for their love and their prayers and resigning himself to whatever happens.
AROUND 60,000 people poured into Hull to see the opening night of City of Culture 2017, with tens of thousands more experiencing the spectacular fireworks display from vantage points across the North and South bank of the Humber.
The influx, which included visitors from abroad, as well as London, Manchester and Leeds proved a boost to business, with hotels and pubs reporting excellent trade.
The hope is many more will visit the city over the next few days to see Made in Hull, whose centrepiece is a spectacular 15-minute film sequence, projected onto three landmark buildings in Queen Victoria Square, before it ends on Saturday night.
City of culture: Full coverage
The 136-bedroom Premier Inn, near the Deep, which is being used as a blank canvas for an evocative work about migration, was “absolutely chocker” for the event months ago.
A spokeswoman said a normally quiet New Year's Day had been like “two New Year's Eves.” The hotel is already fully booked for four weekends of the year - including the Spiders from Mars gig in March and ELO on July 1.
Pubs in the Old Town were rammed with customers visiting the eight street-based art commissions which make up Made In Hull. Landlord Alan Murphy, who has three pubs, and will be opening a fourth in the former Fretwells printers, said City of Culture “has definitely bought more people to the area. It has been the busiest Christmas I ever had.”
He added: “We've had lots of people from outside town. They think it's fantastic. Lots have had negative views, but have been here for a little bit and have reconsidered. It's great news for the city. There's nothing to buy round here now - all the properties have been snapped up. Touch wood if 2017 keeps going like this it will be a bumper year.”
Owner of the Golden Fry takeaway Charles Smith said after “a year of absolute chaos” caused by the city centre upgrade, business was looking up, and he was cautiously optimistic. “There seems to be a big, positive attitude,” he added. “People all seem to think it's very good.”
The figures were issued by the Hull 2017 team. Chief executive Martin Green urged all 250,000 residents to take a look at Made In Hull before the week is over. He said: “We designed this event so every member of the population who wanted to come could.”
Frances Bean Cobain feared for her life when a plane she was on caught fire.
The 25-year-old model - who is the daughter of the late Kurt Cobain and Courtney love - has taken to social media to speak about her near death experience last month, which has "altered everything" she believed in, although she has tried to "avoid" talking about the incident.
The brunette beauty has shared a string of images of the damaged aeroplane, which was on route to Los Angeles from France, on her Instagram account to explain her feelings during the mid-air accident.
She captioned the post: "I've avoided talking about this because telling strangers struck me as a fruitless endeavor. But enough time has gone by to where I've sat with what this experience should mean on the grand scale of living my day-to-day life. So here it goes : A week ago on September 30th I boarded Air France flight A380 (the irony being I changed my previously booked flight to this one that very day, so I could get home earlier.) This would act as the moment that would alter everything I thought I knew. I have woken up everyday for the past week just grateful to wake up. When I felt the plane tilt, saw the wing directly in front of me catch fire, and basically came to grips with my own mortality I made a deal with myself. (sic)."
And the California-born star has revealed after surviving what could have been a fatal accident, she has "promised" herself not to try and "escape the moments of [her] life", and not "indulge" in certain clichÃ©s, but she has vowed to tell those close to her how much they mean to her.
Her heartfelt post continued: "I promised myself that if I made it through, that I would no longer try to escape the moments of my life. I would no longer indulge in societal cliches & I would let the people I love know how much I love them everyday. Thinking I would never see my mom or my boyfriend or my grams or my pets or my friends again, sparked a renaissance of the soul / mind / body / spirit. (sic)."
Frances now considers "every moment" in her life as "truly precious", and she refuses to let her "crippling anxieties" impact on her.
She concluded: "So I've entered the phase of my life where every moment is truly precious. All the mundane "crippling" anxieties I once let dictate how I functioned have dissipated. I was jolted awake and awake is where I need to stay in order to live authentically. As cheeseball as that sounds. It resonates at true. To me. As you were - FBC (sic)."
SAN FRANCISO, Calif., Feb 14, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- In San Francisco on February 27, 2017 the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Japan will hold briefing sessions and exchange meetings aimed at promoting understanding of this system and expanding the number of supporter store certifications for restaurants and retail stores, Japan Products Promotions announced today.
This session is the first information session held by the Japanese government in the United States for the "Certification of Japanese Food and Ingredient Supporter Store Overseas."
This system is a project of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Japan, and was organized through the "Certification of Japanese Food and Ingredient Supporter Store Overseas" set forth on April 1, 2016, to strengthen overseas deliveries of Japanese-produced agricultural, forestry and fishery products and foods.
This briefing session will be held in two parts. The first part will explain the "Certification of Japanese Food and Ingredient Supporter Store Overseas" system, and introduce the merits of certification as a supporter store, provide guidance on local applications and other issues, and unveil Supporter Stores in San Francisco. The second part will be a networking session, providing opportunities for confirming the details of the supporter store certification procedure in San Francisco and for exchanging information with distributors dealing with Japanese foodstuffs.
Date / Time:
February 27, 2017 (Monday).
- Session 1: 1:30 p.m. - 3 p.m. (Doors open at 1 p.m.)*
- Session 2: 4:30 p.m. - 6 p.m. (Doors open at 4 p.m.)*
* Participation Fee: Free, the first 50 applicants will be accepted for each session.
Venue:
The SF Vault
415 Jackson St. Suite B, San Francisco, CA 94111
http://www.thesfvault.com/#anchor-location
How to Apply:
Please email the administration office. (Contact information below).
*Application deadline is Tuesday, February 21, 2017.
SESSION PROGRAM:
Introduction:
1. About the "Certification of Japanese Food and Ingredient Supporter Stores Overseas."
Video message from authorized store: "Sushi Ran" Japanese restaurant CEO Mr. Yoshimori Tome, and others.
2. Introduction of Certification Body in San Francisco.
3. Introduction of supporter stores in San Francisco.
4. About the quality and use of Japanese food and ingredients.
Lecturer : ZEN-NOH AMERICA CORPORATION Mr. Ryuta Kawano;
Mutual Trading Co., Inc. Mr. Masaomi Abe.
Interaction:
Network opportunity with members of Japanese import and distribution companies.
More information: http://www.maff.go.jp/j/shokusan/syokubun/suppo.html
For further inquiries:
Japan Product Promotions Inc.
Administration Office
Mr. Nakata, Saeki, Nantani
Phone: 323-736-6569 (Nantani)
Email: japan@wattentionla.com
News Source: Japan Products Promotions
This press release was issued on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy, by Send2Press Newswire. To view the original story, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/certification-of-japanese-food-and-ingredient-supporter-store-overseas-information-session/
The state-run Korea Gas Corp. said Thursday that it started the operation of three large-scale LNG storage tanks in eastern South Korea earlier this week.
Since March, the utility firm has test-run the three 270,000 kiloliter LNG storage tanks in Samcheok, 290 kilometers east of Seoul. The capacity of the tanks is the largest in the world, according to KOGAS.
(Yonhap)
The Samcheok LNG facility currently operates nine 200,000 kiloliter LNG storage tanks.With the three storage tanks going into full operation, KOGAS will be running a total of 74 LNG storage tanks in South Korea and other countries. (Yonhap)
New Delhi: Income tax department is now more actively pursuing names, including Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan, in connection with the offshore companies mentioned in the Panama Papers, as per Times of India report.
The report quoting a senior official further said that the tax department has already dispatched a top-level officer to the British Virgin Islands to access information.
The British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean are considered to be among several tax havens.
Earlier, Bachchan had made a public statement saying his name had probably been misused.
“I do not know any of the companies referred to by Indian Express—Sea Bulk Shipping Company Ltd, Lady Shipping Ltd, Treasure Shipping Ltd, and Tramp Shipping Ltd. I have never been a director of any of the above stated companies. It is possible that my name has been misused. I have paid all my taxes including on money spent by me overseas. Money that I have remitted overseas have been in compliance with law, including remittances through Liberalized Remittance Scheme (LRS), after paying Indian taxes. In any event the news report in Indian Express does not even suggest any illegality on my part,” he had said in a statement.
The income tax department has sent over 260 requests overseas seeking information in connection with its tax evasion probe in the Panama papers leak case.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has also initiated investigations in 49 cases to probe the alleged contravention of forex laws by the entities named in this list under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), policy making body of the Income Tax department, has provided data on the status of investigations to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC).
The Panama papers refer to 11.5 million leaked documents published by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists with details of offshore entities set up by the law firm Mossack Fonseca over 40 years.
Earlier, answering questions over the fate of Panama papers, the government on August 10 said every account named in the leak is being probed but made it clear that nobody would be punished here without a proper process, unlike Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister.
“Nobody has ever taken more action than this government on foreign account details which have come,” finance minister Arun Jaitley said in the Rajya Sabha while replying to a debate on Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill which was passed by the House later.
Referring to the Panama papers leak, he said “every account” in it is being investigated. “We have a rule of law. We do not have system like the neighbouring country where you remove first and then have a trial,” Jaitley said, clearly referring to Sharif who was ousted last month over the Panama papers leak issue.
Sharif had to resign after the Pakistan Supreme Court disqualified him from holding public office and ruled that graft cases be filed against him and his children over the Panama papers scandal. In the wake of that development, questions were raised in India regarding the status of probe in the same issue.
During the reply, Jaitley said tax authorities are conducting investigations and prosecutions are being launched in cases where documents have been received. “We first make our own investigations and on each one of those cases, whether it is Liechtenstein cases or HSBC cases or other cases which have come to the notice or the Panama, in each case, we have been touch with the regular authorities of the country where these accounts are,” he said.
“Prosecutions are being filed wherever documents are coming. Assessment proceedings are being cleared and there is no prohibition on publishing their names once the prosecutions are filed because they are filed in India in open court,” the finance minister said.
Jaitley said names are confidential as long as the matter is under investigation but the confidentiality clause ceases to exist once it reaches court.
Dubbed as ‘Panama Papers', investigations into vast stash of records from Panamanian legal firm Mossack Fonseca by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalist had named several world leaders and celebrities as having money stashed abroad in offshore companies. The leak had surfaced last year.
One of five black women golfers who say they were told to leave a Pennsylvania club says it felt like they were "playing with targets on our backs."
Sandra Harrison says representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly.
After the ninth hole, an hour and a half later, she says they were told they took too long a break and needed to leave.
She says she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
The club called police on the two women who remained. No charges were filed.
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
Harrison says she's still traumatized and hurt.
By The Associated Press
Encinitas Mayor Catherine Blakespear has joined the growing number of American cities (248 and climbing) signing a statement in support of the commitments of the Paris Climate Agreement. The statement was prepared by the Climate Mayors in response to President Trump's withdrawal from the Paris Agreement.
The Climate Mayors is a group of U.S. mayors committed to confronting climate change at a local level and working together to influence energy policy at the federal level. By signing this statement, Mayor Blakespear reinforces that the City of Encinitas will adopt, honor and uphold the commitments to the goals enshrined in the Paris Climate Agreement.
The City of Encinitas is well on its way to delivering on this commitment as it is currently in the process of updating its Climate Action Plan, which sets aggressive goals for cutting carbon emission rates and outlines specific strategies for achieving those goals. The goals of the Climate Action Plan will align with those of the Paris Climate Agreement. Common tactics for cities to reduce their GHG emissions include prioritizing continued investments into renewable energy and energy efficiency, reducing the energy consumption of transportation, supporting a green energy economy, and taking additional measures as needed.
“Environmental stewardship is woven into the fabric of our community and we know we need to take action to protect the place we all call home,” said Blakespear. “I have signed the Climate Mayors' statement to show the City of Encinitas' commitment to meeting the goals of our Climate Action Plan as well as doing our part to meet the 1.5 degrees Celsius target of the Paris Agreement. It is up to all of us to take a stand by holding ourselves accountable and move to action so that our community can continue to thrive well into the future.”
Climate Mayors (also known as Mayors National Climate Action Agenda or MNCAA) is a network of mayors, representing over 59 million Americans, who are committed to working together to strengthen local efforts for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and supporting efforts for binding federal and global-level policy making.
For more information on the City of Encinitas' Climate Action Plan, visit www.encinitasca.gov/climate. More about the Climate Mayors can be found at www.climate-mayors.org.
— Submitted press release
For patients awaiting complex operations in NHS hospitals, a safe pair of hands is always a comforting thought.
But in England's modern-day health service, they aren't always that of a surgeon.
Hospital trusts in Yorkshire are among a series across the country now employing da Vinci Robots, controlled remotely by surgeons, to carry out groundbreaking procedures requiring pinpoint and “superhuman” precision.
The robots, which cost nearly £2m, are now used to carry out kidney and prostate removals, bowel cancer and tonsil surgery and even bladder removals.
The Yorkshire Post says: NHS side-effects. Role of technology and after-care
Surgeons use joysticks and foot pedals to manoeuvre its robotic arms from a console, where they can use their eyes, hands and feet to control a 3D camera which is 10 times more accurate than the human eye.
Having already soared past a remarkable 1,000 operations since its introduction in 2013, Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust's da Vinci robot was used to treat David Holmes last month when he walked through the doors of the city's Royal Hallamshire Hospital and was only the second patient to be discharged on the same day.
The 61-year-old, from Loxley, Sheffield was told the devastating news that he had prostate cancer earlier this year.
“I didn't have any of the usual symptoms,” the father-of-three told The Yorkshire Post.
“After some long tests dragged on for four or five weeks, I found out that I had got prostate cancer.
“I had to choose then between radiotherapy or a prostatectomy – having my prostate removed – they call it ‘robotic surgery'.”
Mr Holmes, a former journalist and latterly a journalism lecturer at the University of Sheffield, spent time consulting with friends, organisations and former patients who had undergone both methods of treatment in order to make his decision.
“They took me through what is involved,” he said.
“They throw all these statistics at you but the things no one wants to be left with after having their prostate removed is incontinence and impotence.”
A keen runner, Mr Holmes spoke with other patients who had undergone the procedure who were equally active, and was surprised to find one who was once again running marathons after having his prostate removed.
“After a long period of agonising and consulting with people, I decided to go for it,” he said.
In another milestone for the trust in Sheffield, Mr Holmes then became only the second person to have the operation carried out with the robot as a day case, where he would undergo the procedure and be discharged on the same day.
“I was braced for a really bad time,” he said.
“But when they rang me up and said they could get me home in a day I thought that was incredible.
“It's done remotely by a surgeon who uses the robot to make five tiny incisions – about a centimetre wide.
“In I went, and a few hours later I was sitting in hospital wired full of morphine [after the operation].
“They got me eating something and then checked me out. That evening I was back in my garden.”
After being discharged, he had to spend the first week at home fitted with a catheter, which he admitted was extremely uncomfortable.
But he was shocked to see the speed that his body was bouncing back after the robot-assisted surgery.
“Each day I was amazed at how quickly I was recovering,” he said.
“A week later, they took the catheter out and I haven't looked back. I went home and my wife was out and I went for a two-mile walk. It was slow but I have walked every day since.”
By June 23, he had taken part in his first running circuit around a nearby cemetery.
And on Sunday, he managed to complete a two-mile run.
He is still awaiting test results to find out whether the surgery was successful in eradicating the cancer.
This week – during the NHS's 70th anniversary – he will mark one month since he went under the robotic knife.
Technology ‘was amazing'
Mr Holmes praised the NHS, and urged people not to take it for granted after his operation.
“In a lot of countries in the world, I would probably be on my way to the graveyard by now,” he said.
“When you think about the technology they have used on me... Obviously nobody wants to get told they have got cancer, but the nurses were superb, they have been really reassuring.
“Then to have this amazing technology brought to your aid, and to not have to worry about paying for it.
“The NHS has been one of the finest political achievements that anyone has managed. I'm a lucky boy.”
The best possible way to avoid having two centres of power in the country would be for President Jacob Zuma to resign‚ says ANC treasurer-general Paul Mashatile.
“Our view is that there should be a change of guard. You need to transfer power‚ you can't have two centres of power. We want to see a situation where there is one centre with no tension‚ and the best possible way is if the state president exits‚” Mashatile told CNBC Africa in an interview on Friday night.
He added that the best way to achieve this would be to go to Zuma and say “look we're not booting you out but we think we can work better this way”.
Mashatile's remarks come amid increasing calls for Zuma to resign ahead of Thursday's State of the Nation Address (Sona). The ANC's national working committee (NWC) reportedly agreed this week that Zuma should not be allowed to address the nation at the opening of Parliament.
A call by the Democratic Alliance to delay the Sona was this week rejected by National Assembly Speaker Baleka Mbete‚ who said it was not allowed under parliamentary rules.
Baleka also rejected a request by the Economic Freedom Fighters to hold a debate on a motion of no confidence in the president before the Sona. Instead it will be held on February 22‚ after the Budget is tabled in Parliament.
Meanwhile‚ SowetanLIVE reported that ANC president Cyril Ramaphosa and the other top five party leaders are to hold an urgent meeting with Zuma on Sunday to tell him to step down.
SowetanLIVE said it had been informed by sources that the officials would inform Zuma to resign or face Parliament where he would be impeached or face a motion of no confidence against him.
- TimesLIVE
Source: TMG Digital.
HUDDERSFIELD Giants prop Sebastine Ikahihifo admits he hopes an unusual onfield panic attack will not be an “ongoing” issue for him in the future.
Spectators thought the New Zealander had suffered a serious injury when, prone on the ground, he received lengthy treatment from medical staff towards the end of Thursday night's season opening game at Hull FC.
Ikahihifo was eventually able to get to his feet and be helped to the sideline.
Coach Rick Stone revealed afterwards the 27-year-old was not injured but had had a panic attack after suffering from “exhaustion,” having not featured in any warm-up games.
In an interview with The Yorkshire Post last season, the ex-New Zealand Warriors star did reveal how he had started using visualisation and meditation to help calm anxieties ahead of games.
The tactic clearly reaped dividends as he enjoyed career-best form in 2017 and a first Super League Dream Team place.
Asked if this latest incident in the 38-12 loss was anything serious – Huddersfield led 12-10 at half-time – Ikahihifo said: “No, no. I got it two years ago, too. It's just the first game back.
“I didn't have a pre-season game so the lungs kind of got me.
“Plus it didn't help to play with a lot of emotions; I got a little bit angry and there was an adrenaline rush. I had a little panic attack with my lungs.
“I was quite calm in a way as it has happened before but, hopefully, it's not an ongoing thing.”
He is expected to be fit for Thursday's visit of Warrington Wolves, who also lost their first game of the campaign, falling 16-12 at home to champions Leeds Rhinos.
“They are a quality side and have bought some quality players,” said Ikahihifo.
“They didn't do well last year but I still rate them as one of the top-four.
“It will be a tough game. We shot ourselves in the foot against Hull. We made too many errors in that second half.
“I'm not saying we would have won as they played really well themselves in the second period, with fewer errors.
“They completed and executed really well and, being a top-four team, showed they will punish you.”
Stone admitted: “We were Jekyll and Hyde here.
“We competed really hard in that first period but then pretty much handed Hull opportunities by doing things like kicking out on the full. It was a bit of a train crash.”
Huddersfield should have England winger Jermaine McGillvary returning after injury.
As a company that got its start in Worcester in the 1920s and made its way to dinner tables across Massachusetts and beyond, it seems fitting that Table Talk Pies would be recognized for contributions to the local economy.
Table Talk Pies was honored Thursday with the AIM Next Century award by The Associated Industries of Massachusetts.
The award recognizes companies that have made their mark with "unique" contributions to the Massachusetts economy, including "the creation and preservation of local jobs as well as their role in advancing technology, creativity and research."
The pie company made its small start in Worcester, and eventually, its pies were being sold in hundreds of supermarkets across the country.
Table Talk's popularity has exploded with its snack-sized 4-inch pies.
This year has been one of growth for Table Talk. The company just opened a new 50,000-square-foot facility in the South Worcester Industrial Park. Pies are already being produced from that new facility, which increased production capacity and will add more than 50 new jobs to its current 300 full-time and seasonal staff.
The South Worcester Industrial Park, or SWIP, is a key piece of Worcester's renaissance of development and dining.
"I felt there was an affinity with Table Talk and SWIP. I realized that, like Table Talk, SWIP was an idea that wouldn't die," Harry Kokkinis, the president and owner of Table Talk Pies said at the ribbon cutting for the new facility.
Table Talk's building in the industrial park had been vacant for 20 years. With the company's presence, there's the chance to attract new business to the area, creating more jobs and improving the neighborhood.
The company also opened its first walk-in pie store in decades earlier this year.
Longtime fans and new customers can drop into the 153 Green St. Table Talk Pie Store to purchase both 8- and 4-inch pies, as well as the newly invented pie milkshake.
A controversial scheme to knock down Rhubarb Bridge and replace it with a series of crossing has been put on hold after the decision was called-in by Peterborough city councillors.
The £5.5 million scheme, unveiled last Wednesday by the council, showed a series of Toucan crossings will be installed at the roundabout separating Lincoln Road (by Brotherhood Retail Park) and Bourges Boulevard, including on the A47 slip roads, with extra lanes put in for motorists.
The plans to replace Rhubarb Bridge. The proposed new crossings are in light blue
However, safety concerns were immediately raised, and there was anger from councillors that a decision to award a contract to Skanska to carry out the works was agreed before a public consultation had taken place.
Council cabinet member Cllr Peter Hiller said Rhubarb Bridge has come to “the end of its life.”
He added that the new scheme will improve traffic flow and accessibility for all users, and that replacing Rhubarb Bridge with a “network of bridges” could cost up to £30 million.
The call-in, signed by Liberal Democrat councillors Nick Sandford and Darren Fower, and Labour member Cllr Angus Ellis, states: “The public is effectively being informed what has already been decided, rather than being consulted on it.
“This impression is made all the more obvious by the fact that Cllr Hiller signed the decision notice to award the contract and implement the scheme before the main public consultation drop in event had been held.
“So there is no possibility that views expressed by the public at this event have been taken into account in making the decision.”
The call-in adds: “There is no evidence of what other options were considered or any detail of their costings.”
A petition to “save Rhubarb Bridge” has now been signed by more than 4,600 people.
The £5.5 million funding for the Junction 18 works at the A47/A15 roundabout was passed as part of the Conservative-run council's budget proposals in March.
The call-in will be heard by a council scrutiny committee on Tuesday, August 29 at 7pm.
RELATED
Petition to save Rhubarb Bridge passes 2,000 signatures in half a day
Dismay as plans to replace Peterborough's Rhubarb Bridge are revealed
The early days of your relationship are known for being exciting and fun. After all, you're in the honeymoon phase. Everything is still relatively new, so any sort of relationship "work" won't come until way later. While the first year of your relationship is often seen to be the most lovey-dovey, according to relationship experts, it's actually more important than you might think.
"The first year of any relationship is by far one of the most important because it is during this time that couples get into healthy or unhealthy habits that can last throughout the relationship," psychologist Dr. Sal Raichbach PsyD, LCSW, tells Bustle.
For instance, the most important relationship habit he says is open and honest communication. "When communication is solid, other issues that inevitably pop up are fair game for discussion," Dr. Raichbach says. It's always a good sign when each partner knows where the other one stands on issues you may have. Besides that, resolving conflicts tends to be much easier when both parties know that they have a responsibility to communicate how they feel.
According to Dr. Raichbach, there is no secret formula for a long-lasting, happy relationship. But if you want your relationship to last forever, having solid communication skills, spending time together, and having shared interests by your first anniversary can only help. But that's not all. So if you and your partner already do these things by your first anniversary, experts say your relationship is likely to last.
1 You Make Time For Your Relationship No Matter How Busy You Are Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "It's good to get in the habit of enjoying each other's company," Dr. Raichbach says. That's super easy to do at the very beginning of your relationship when everything is still fresh. But since life doesn't stop when you enter into a new relationship, it's very likely that your schedules won't perfectly line up. But according to Dr. Raichbach, if you make it a habit to make plans ahead of time and actually stick to it, your relationship can make it long-term. "After the honeymoon phase in any relationship, couples tend to get busy and fall short of spending enough time together," he says. "Relationships require quality time, rather than quantity, so finding a shared interest and spending that time together consistently helps couples to maintain the fun aspect of their partnership in the long run."
2 You Check In With Each Other In Order To Stay Connected Ashley Batz/Bustle As Dr. Raichbach says, that first year of your relationship can shape the dynamic in your relationship. For many, making it to the one-year mark isn't easy. Some people will peace out once troubles start to arise. But according to him, if you and your partner know how to check in and work on issues a come, your relationship can last. "I would urge new couples to take the time to sit down and evaluate the aspects of their relationship that are working and identify those that aren't," he says. "Getting in the habit of listening to each other and showing love and compassion during the first year will help to set up the relationship and maximize success."
3 You're Open About What You Like And Don't Like In Bed Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Couples should be openly communicating their sexual needs by that first anniversary to ensure a long and happy relationship," Rachel and Michael Gibbs, relationship experts and founders of the Big Oh! Box, tell Bustle. When either partner isn't happy with their sex life, it can become frustrating which might lead to anger and resentment. But if you're able to talk openly and honestly about what you really want in bed, the Gibbs say you can learn a lot about each other, try new things, and get your needs met. Of course, make sure both partners are comfortable with everything beforehand. "It's not just about going on a date, it's about open communication and understanding," the Gibbs say. "If you can't have those two things in the first year it is will give the relationship a larger learning curve."
4 You Know What You Should And Shouldn't Do When Your Partner Is Upset Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you want your relationship to last, you need to know how to effectively communicate with your partner. "By their first anniversary, a couple should have learned how and when to communicate with their partner," Tina Wilson, Founder and CEO of the Wingman matchmaking app, tells Bustle. For instance, each person in the relationship should know what to say or how to react when the other gets upset, and how to handle the situation. "If your partner likes their alone time when they're angry, you should know to give them space, and have a composed and constructive conversation when you both calm down," she says.
5 You Actively Work On Your Relationship Ashley Batz/Bustle "The key to a lasting relationship is work," Vikki Ziegler, renowned divorce attorney and relationship expert, tells Bustle. By your first anniversary, you should know that the emotional, mental, and physical aspects of your relationship need to be nurtured at all times. You need to recognize early on that relationships are always a work in progress. As Ziegler says, "When you get lazy, your partnership suffers." So be sure to unconditionally support your partner, talk to them about their day, and be sure to touch them in a way they are comfortable with daily. "Intimacy, which isn't limited to just sex, is a very important part of a partnership that will last," she says. "Touching toes in bed, holding hands, back rubs and kissing are important habits that shouldn't be overlooked."
6 You Trust Your Partner Completely Andrew Zaeh for Bustle In a lasting relationship, trust is critical. According to relationship expert and author, Jodi Ambrose, that goes beyond trusting that your partner will remain faithful. "Trust is about knowing your partner will talk to you when they are upset or need help," she says. "It's about knowing your partner will have your back in all situations. Trust is also knowing that no matter what, your love will stand steady by your side and take care of you when you need it." When you're able to fully trust your partner, you'll feel safe. You're able to let your guard down and you'll be able to be who you are without fear. "This sense of security breeds an even greater sense of security over time and really allows a relationship to flourish," Ambrose says.
7 You Allow Each Other To Have Space Without Anyone Getting Their Feelings Hurt Andrew Zaeh for Bustle When your partner asks for space for the first time, it can leave you feeling hurt and maybe even anxious. But if you're able to allow your partner to have space when they need it and you don't take it personally, Ambrose says that's a good sign. "I know it can be hard, but sometimes, people just need to go hang with their friends or hang out by themselves and it doesn't have anything to do with you," she says. "Having a life that is together, but remaining individuals, is what helps a new relationship grown into a long-term relationship."
8 You Do Thoughtful Things To Show You Appreciate Them Ashley Batz/Bustle As you get closer to your first anniversary, you reach that point where you start to get comfortable. When you're comfortable, the tendency is to let your relationship fall to the side. But that can leave your partner feeling like you're taking them for granted. So as Ambrose says, making a habit out of being thoughtful early on in your relationship can help you make it last. "If your [partner] has had a hard day, order dinner in so no one has to cook," she says. "Rub their feet for 10 minutes. Ask them how or if you can help. Bring home an inexpensive gift every once and a while to remind them how special they are. All of these small gestures let a person know they are appreciated." In short, you never want your partner to think you take them for granted. So be sure to show them that you appreciate them.
President Moon Jae-in (L) greets a former sex slave for the Japanese military before the start of a meeting with some 250 national heroes and independence fighters at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae on Aug. 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in promised Monday to expand government support for national heroes, independence fighters and their families, noting the nation and its people are permanently indebted to them for their sacrifices that allowed the freedom they enjoy now."Each and every person here deserves respect and gratitude. Thanks to your sacrifice, we are able to speak and write in our own language, enjoy our culture and live our precious daily lives," the president said in a meeting with some 250 national heroes and their families.The meeting, held at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae, came one day before the country celebrates the 72nd anniversary of its liberation from the 1910-1945 Japanese colonial rule.The president said the government will inject an additional 50 billion won ($43.9 million) to provide financial support to all of the offspring of independence fighters, noting that such support was currently available only to the one main descendant.Citing the frequently uttered phrase that up to three generations of people who fought for national independence may live poor while those who collaborated with the Japanese colonial rule of Korea guaranteed wealth and prosperity for their offspring for three generations, Moon said he will make the notion go away.New government measures, to be introduced Tuesday, will help ensure stable daily lives for those who fought for the country's liberation and their families, according to the president."We came up with those steps with an aim to build a nation that pays its due respect" to national heroes, he told the meeting, according to Cheong Wa Dae.The president also vowed early implementation of the new steps, saying when such additional support is provided is equally important as what will be provided, as only 58 out of some 15,000 independence fighters and national heroes are alive now.Monday's meeting was also attended by several forced laborers and sexual slaves forced into service by the Japanese colonial regime and military.The new president also sought to put an end to a longstanding debate over when the country was founded, saying the country will mark the 100th anniversary of its foundation in 2019.The former Park Geun-hye administration renewed the decades-old debate when it referred to the 1948 establishment of the government as the date of national foundation, sparking emotional reactions and even condemnations from many independence fighters and their bereaved families who insist the 1919 establishment of the Provisional Government of Korea in Shanghai must be recognized as the start of the country."We will prepare for the next 100 years while looking back at the past 100 years since the foundation of the Republic of Korea," the president said, referring to his country by its official name. (Yonhap)
Huddersfield Giants coach Rick Stone bemoaned his side's bad luck after Danny Brough fired just inches wide with a dramatic last-gasp touchline conversion attempt in their defeat at Warrington.
Warrington trailed 20-16 on the hour at the Halliwell Jones Stadium but two tries in three minutes from Rhys Evans and Toby King looked to have settled a tense encounter.
In a dramatic finale, Giants winger Jermaine McGillvary crossed in the corner as the hooter sounded, but Brough was inches wide with his touchline conversion attempt in a bid to claim a draw.
Harvey Livett, Kurt Gidley and Daryl Clark also crossed for Warrington, with Declan Patton landing three goals.
Half-back Brough was the key figure for the Giants as he scored a try and landed four goals but it was not enough to prevent their slide down the table. McGillvary, Jake Mamo and Darnell McIntosh crossed but Huddersfield have now failed to win in eight games.
Stone said: “It was a toss of the coin sort of kick from the touchline, probably on Danny's right side being a left-footer.
“He had one in the first half which he struck a fraction left and this one went a bit right – but there are no dramas. We are not getting a lot of luck or 50-50 decisions and it tends to happen when you are not winning.”
The Giants have now gone eight games without a win.
Warrington Wolves: Ratchford, Evans, T King, Livett, Lineham, Patton, Gidley, Hill, Clark, Sims, Jullien, Hughes, Cooper. Substitutes: Philbin, Dwyer, G. King, Savelio.
Huddersfield Giants: Mamo, McGillvary, S. Wood, Murphy, McIntosh, Brough, Gaskell, Ikahihifo, Hinchcliffe, Wakeman, Mellor, Roberts, Clough. Substitutes:Rapira, Leeming, Mason, Dickinson.
Referee: Ben Thaler (RFL)
The Two Keys to Trouncing the Market by Justin Spittler – Casey Research
Justin's note: Today's essay will help you build substantial wealth over the long term. You'll want to print it out and keep it handy for future reference.
It comes from my colleague Chris Mayer—one of the smartest investors I know. His proprietary investment strategy outperformed the S&P 500 for 10 years straight. So when Chris talks, we listen… and today's essay is hands down one of the most valuable pieces I've read in a long time.
Read on to discover the two easy steps you should always follow to consistently outperform the market…
By Chris Mayer, editor, Bonner Private Portfolio
Beating the market over the long term is hard to do.
If you want to learn how it's done, Berkshire Hathaway bears repeated study…
My lead analyst Thompson Clark and I recently returned from the annual Berkshire meeting in Omaha, Nebraska.
Berkshire was the top performer in 100 Baggers, my study of stocks that returned 100-to-1 from 1962 to 2015.
The stock had risen more than 18,000-fold, which means $10,000 planted there in 1965 turned into an absurdly high $180 million 50 years later, versus just $1.1 million in the S&P 500.
Berkshire, and the other 100-baggers in the study, affirms that not only can you beat the market, but you can also leave it miles behind…
There are two important factors you need to consider getting that kind of outperformance. We'll go over them in today's essay.
No. 1: Don't Own Too Many Stocks
First, you have to be concentrated. You have to focus on your best ideas. You can't own a lot of stocks that just dilute your returns.
And, in fact, this is what many great investors do. There was a book that came out in 2016 called Concentrated Investing by Allen Benello, Michael van Biema, and Tobias Carlisle. (Highly recommended.) The basic idea behind the book is that owning a portfolio of fewer stocks (10-15 names) leads to better results than a widely diversified one.
Warren Buffett, as is well known, did not hesitate to bet big. His largest position would frequently be one-third, or more, of his portfolio. Often, his portfolio would be no more than five positions.
There is, for example, the time he bought American Express in 1964 in the wake of the Salad Oil Scandal, when the stock was crushed. He made it 40% of his portfolio.
Charlie Munger, too, is famous for his views on concentration. He's had the Munger family wealth in as few as three stocks:
Sharing is caring!
Still No Clear Winner In Honduras Election
Weeks after Hondurans voted for president, there still isn't a clear winner. The opposition claims the government is trying to steal the vote for incumbent President Juan Orlando Hernandez.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
More than two weeks after Hondurans went to the polls to elect a new president, there is still no official winner. The current president holds a slight lead, but officials have yet to declare him the winner amid allegations of widespread fraud. Here's NPR's Carrie Kahn.
CARRIE KAHN, BYLINE: For days, dozens of workers have been poring over election ballots, nearly one third of all votes cast. It's an unprecedented endeavor encouraged by international observers hoping to find a resolution to the political standoff.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: The workers fill a huge warehouse - in teams of three and under the watchful eyes of roaming observers, inspect each ballot. A worker reads aloud the candidates' checked name.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: The scene looked right out of the Bush-Gore recount 2000 minus the hanging chads. But yesterday, as Honduras's first-ever electoral recount came to an end, it was clear nothing had changed. Election officials say Juan Orlando Hernandez, the incumbent president, still held a small lead over his closest opponent, political newcomer and popular TV star Salvador Nasralla.
Yesterday, Nasralla supporters once again took to the streets.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTEST)
MACARIO MEJIA: (Singing in Spanish).
Viva Alianza.
(APPLAUSE)
KAHN: This march, which stretched down blocks of the capital, was more peaceful than past demonstrations when 14 people died in clashes with police and hundreds were arrested. Standing on the back of a pickup truck, Nasralla told the crowd the election and the just completed recount were rigged.
SALVADOR NASRALLA: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: "We want the election annulled and for an independent international body to do a total recount, vote by vote," says Nasralla.
Nasralla's allegations of fraud have been backed up by international observers, who cite irregularities in the election process - among the most puzzling, an inexplicable glitch that shut down the election tribunal's tallying computer for more than 36 hours. Before the computer went dark, Nasralla had a 5-point lead. But when the machine came back online, the tables had turned, and the president was winning. Separate analysis by The Economist magazine and the left-leaning Center for Economic and Policy Research showed a substantial surge in votes for Hernandez after the computer glitch. That increase was particularly pronounced in towns like La Paz, about two hours west of the capital.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #2: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: In the town's crowded outdoor market, sellers hawk everything from bras and nail polish to cellphone chargers. This 20-year-old man was too afraid to give his name but said lots of his friends got paid to vote for Hernandez - most for about $20.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: If you waited until the polls were almost closing, you got even more money. He said he would have sold his vote but couldn't leave his stand unattended.
The political unrest has put this poor and dangerous country on edge. Despite tens of millions of dollars in U.S. antinarcotics aid, Honduras continues to be plagued by violent drug gangs and one of the world's highest murder rates. Supporters of President Hernandez, a close U.S. ally, say he has done much to cut that crime rate and voters rewarded him fair and square. Ebal Diaz, the president's spokesman, says the opposition are sore losers.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
EBAL DIAZ: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: "Each day, they ask for something more. They'll never be satisfied," he says.
Hernandez also built parks in high-crime neighborhoods, like this one in the 21 of February Neighborhood. Hanging out above new skateboard ramps, Roberto Perez, who works for Hernandez government, says he didn't vote for his boss. He says he was forced to impersonate a poll worker of another party on election day but refused to stuff ballot boxes with Hernandez votes, as ordered.
ROBERTO PEREZ: (Speaking Spanish).
KAHN: Hernandez picked the wrong generation to mess with, says the 27-year-old. He's been out in near daily protests with the opposition. For now, it's unclear when the conflict will be resolved. Honduras' electoral tribunal has until December 26 to declare an official winner.
Carrie Kahn, NPR News, Tegucigalpa.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An engineer who died at a euthanasia clinic following an alleged acid attack by his former partner was “scared” of her, his father told a court.
Berlinah Wallace, 48, is charged with murdering Mark Van Dongen, 29, by leaving him with such catastrophic injuries that he asked for assistance in ending his life.
Bristol Crown Court was told Wallace threw acid over Mr Van Dongen's face and body in September 2015 and he died at the clinic in Belgium in January 2017.
Mr Van Dongen's father, Cornelius, who lives in Belgium, told the jury how he communicated with his son from his hospital bed following the incident.
“His eyes were bandaged,” he said.
“I had written the alphabet on a sheet of paper and I went through it letter by letter. When I reached the correct letter he stuck out his tongue.
“(He told me) 'I was in bed and she was behind my bed, standing behind my bed. She said: 'She will not get my life. If I can't have you, no-one else will have you.”'
Dutch-born Mr Van Dongen and Wallace, from South Africa, began a relationship in 2010 and lived together in Westbury Park, Bristol.
In August 2015, Mr Van Dongen began a relationship with another woman but was persuaded to see Wallace again in September, the jury heard.
Mr Van Dongen went to stay at her flat in Westbury Park on September 22 and allegedly awoke at around 3am to hear Wallace laugh before pouring the acid onto him.
The engineer, clad only in his boxer shorts, ran screaming into the street in pain and was later taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol.
(Image: SWNS)
Mr Van Dongen's father told the jury that he later arranged for an ambulance to bring his son back to Belgium, where he was placed on a palliative care ward at a hospital.
The patient was told by doctors that his paralysis would be permanent and that it “wasn't necessary” for him to receive further therapy at the hospital, his father said.
“Something inside him broke,” he told the jury. “He decided to get the papers to apply for euthanasia.
“I think there were two psychiatrists and then some more doctors and his own GP also came.
“They had a case conference. They agreed to the application for euthanasia.”
Mr Van Dongen said that his son was taking the “maximum dose” of painkillers and developed a lung infection shortly before his death, but did not allow doctors to put a tube down his throat.
“He wanted to continue talking to me until the last moment, so he didn't want that to happen,” he said.
The court heard Mr Van Dongen had previously been engaged to a Peruvian man but that relationship ended and he met Wallace.
His father said that six months before the alleged acid attack, Mr Van Dongen phoned him to tell him that he was frightened of her.
“He said that he was very scared of Berlinah,” Mr Van Dongen said. “I told him to call the police.
“I don't know if it was the first or the second time but she had poured boiling water over him and that's why he was so scared.”
Wallace, of Ladysmith Road, Westbury Park, claims she believed the liquid she threw over Mr Van Dongen was water.
She denies charges of murder and throwing a corrosive substance with intent and the trial continues.
LUCKNOW: BJP MP Rajveer Singh on Saturday visited the residence of Chandan Gupta who died during the recent communal clashes in Uttar Pradesh's Kasganj district.
Singh went to meet Chandan's family members who were provided security after his father alleged that he had received threats from some people.
"I was sitting outside, some people came on the bike in morning. Stopped bike for a second and said that the accused are going to jail, but others are still there. Don't take enmity with us. We will see you," Chandan's father had said.
Rajveer Singh had won the 2014 general elections from the Lok Sabha constituency of Etah, met his family members.
Earlier in the day, Rahat Qureshi, a resident of Kasganj's Smilpur Road, has been arrested in connection with Chandan's death.
Twenty-two-year-old Chandan Gupta was killed after clashes broke out between two groups in Kasganj following an unauthorised bike rally, organised to mark Republic Day 2018.
Two others were also injured. Following his death, shops and buses were torched after by a mob.
On Wednesday, the police arrested main accused Salim. So far, at least 118 people have been arrested in connection with the violence.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath had earlier warned of stringent action against those behind the communal clashes in Kasganj.
Raising the issue of atrocities against minorities, Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav on Friday alleged of police inaction in the Rajya Sabha.
In two days, you can get that J. Lo glow. The Jennifer Lopez x Ingot cosmetics collection arrives on Thursday, April 26. It's a massive assortment of 70 pieces, including eyeshadows, highlighters, lip gloss, lipstick, bronzers, false lashes, brow fillers, and eyeliner. Since Lopez can serve up a lewk like no other, fans are stoked about replicating her shimmery and glimmery glow with these products. But one thing is noticeably absent from the J. Lo x Inglot collection and that's foundation. Since a smooth and dewy canvas is a key component of Lopez's signature face, what gives?!
Allure got the scoop straight from the source. At an afterparty in her dressing room after one of her Las Vegas residency shows, Lopez told the publication (and a few others) to basically trust her process. Foundation is on her mind and in her plans — but all in due time.
"This was a color capsule I did for them, but I'd love to eventually get into skin and complexion," she explained. "I'd rather take it slow, do it right, and let people know that they can count on me, that when I put something out I'm not just putting my name on it. I want the product to stand for that."
Who can fault the singer, actor, dancer, former American Idol judge, and Kohl's designer for doing so? No one!
The consummate multi-hyphenate is committed to putting out a quality product. She is not dipping her fingers or toes into the foundation world until she is ready. She wants the final product to be right — and that could include everything from the formula to the coverage to the inclusivity and shade range. The latter is a critically important factor regarding beauty launches in 2018. Since Lopez is Latina, she will likely want to make sure she creates lots of shades that represent a wider variety of women and their unique skin tones.
That was actually Lopez's mindset when she created nude lipsticks with Inglot. Not all nude lippies are created equal nor do they compliment every skin tone. You have to consider personal undertones, warmth or coolness of tone, and be careful to select a shade that pairs well with your natural lip tone without washing you out.
"I don't think there's one shade of nude," Lopez told editors assembled at the afterparty, according to Allure. "I think there's a different shade of nude for everybody that really makes you look beautiful." #Truth.
J. Lo totally gets it. It's this mindset and philosophy that makes us confident that a Lopez-backed and created foundation range will be ace AF... if and when she actually creates it.
Remember, J. Lo x Inglot does include bronzers and contouring kits so you can customize your glow and sculpt your features. So there's that! Also, Kylie Cosmetics and ColourPop didn't get into skin products upon launch, either.
Scott Barnes, Lopez's longtime makeup artist, also reiterated to Allure that any foundation his glamazon client creates would provide that signature, much-desired, and oft-sought J. Lo glow. Because yes!
Lopez worked on this collection for a year. She hasn't been rushing and there's no need to change that methodology now.
Women's Wear Daily also previously reported that this collab is planned for a year and will include new product drops.
Therefore, fans need to enjoy the wide range of J. Lo x Inglot color products when they launch and to build some patience while waiting for an extension. That could include additional shades and products, like foundation. We shall see.
So there is plenty of J. Lo-approved lewks in your immediate future.
Saban, now in his 12th year at Alabama, still has the Crimson Tide far above the competition. The program won a fifth national championship in nine seasons in January and shows no sign of slowing down.
Alabama's dealing with its own transition after losing both co-ordinators and several other assistant coaches to other jobs. Pruitt, who is now the Volunteers' coach, was the former defensive co-ordinator.
"We have six new faces around here, but they all seem to fit in and they're all doing extremely well," Saban said. "I'm excited about them and I like every one of them and to be honest with you, we're very, very fortunate and hit a home run with the guys we were able to hire."
Alabama's national championship victory makes it easy to forget that Auburn won the SEC's Western Division after beating the Tide in the Iron Bowl. The euphoria was short-lived after the Tigers lost to Georgia in the SEC Championship Game and then watched as Alabama was picked for a spot in the College Football Playoff.
Auburn coach Gus Malzahn is entering his sixth season — tied for the second-longest tenured in the SEC. The Tigers hope that the relative coaching longevity can give them an advantage in the race to challenge the Tide.
Georgia will try to repeat as SEC champions after losing star running backs Nick Chubb and Sony Michel. Third-year coach Kirby Smart won 21 games during his first two seasons with the Bulldogs.
___
Some other things to watch across the Southeastern Conference:
FLORIDA REGROUPS
Florida turned to its past to find a new head coach during the off-season, hiring Mississippi State's Dan Mullen . The 45-year-old Mullen was the offensive co-ordinator at Florida when Tim Tebow was quarterback and helped the Gators win national titles in 2006 and 2008. Mullen — who has built a reputation as a quarterback guru — will try to rebuild an offence that's mostly sputtered over the past decade.
JIMBO IN COLLEGE STATION
Texas A&M made arguably the most impressive coaching hire in the SEC when it lured Florida State's Jimbo Fisher to College Station . Fisher won a national championship with the Seminoles in 2013 and will try to do the same with a Texas A&M program that's been stuck in the middle of the SEC Western Division since it joined the league in 2012.
TENNESSEE REBOOT
It's been a lost decade for Tennessee's football program, which has mostly struggled since longtime coach Phillip Fulmer was forced out in 2008. The Volunteers now turn to Pruitt , who was the defensive co-ordinator at Georgia and Alabama before coming to Knoxville. Tennessee has plenty of uncertainty on the roster, including at quarterback. Jarrett Guarantano started six of the final seven games last year, but must hold off a challenge from Stanford graduate transfer Keller Chryst, who will arrive on campus during the summer.
ALABAMA QBs
The quarterback competition between Jalen Hurts and Tua Tagovailoa should continue into preseason camp. Tagovailoa broke a finger in his left, passing hand and was limited throughout the spring, sitting out the A-Day game. Hurts, who is 26-2 as the starter, turned in an unimpressive scrimmage performance. Hurts' father, Averion, indicated to Bleacher Report that the junior would transfer if he didn't win the starting job. Neither passer was made available to the media during the spring.
ORGERON IN YEAR 2
LSU coach Ed Orgeron had a rough start to his first full season after losses to Mississippi State and Troy, but the Tigers recovered and finished with a respectable 9-4 record. Orgeron's second year should also be challenging. The Tigers have several starting spots up for grabs and must figure out answers before a brutal schedule that includes games against Miami and Auburn in the first three weeks of the season.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
___
AP Sports Writers John Zenor, Steve Megargee and Kurt Voigt contributed to this story.
By David Brandt, The Associated Press
Federer reports only 'aches and pains' amid Montreal injury concerns
After losing the Rogers Cup final to Alexander Zverev, Roger Federer said: "I had a bit of muscle pain, aches and pains here and there."
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 06:01 IST
Roger Federer during the Rogers Cup final in Montreal
Roger Federer's movement appeared somewhat restricted towards the end of his Rogers Cup final defeat to Alexander Zverev, but the 19-time grand slam champion reported nothing more than "aches and pains here and there" after the match.
While Zverev played superbly in Montreal on Sunday to triumph 6-3 6-4 and secure his second Masters 1000 title, there were concerns over the fitness of Federer when the 36-year-old seemed to struggle physically at the end of the second set - amid suggestions of a back problem.
With the US Open just two weeks away, any injury would come as a significant blow to the Swiss, who has already won the Australian Open and Wimbledon in a stunning 2017 season.
Federer did not appear too concerned by his condition, however, after suffering a first loss in 17 matches.
He was quoted by the ATP World Tour's official website as saying: "I felt all right all week. I had a bit of muscle pain, aches and pains here and there, just because it's back on the match courts, on the hard courts.
"After vacation and practice, it's always a bit of a shock for the body. We'll have to wait and see now how I feel in the next couple of days."
Federer was able to remain upbeat, despite losing a final for the first time this year.
"It is a positive week in the end," he added. "The final was unexpected. But it's keeping up with the good results of this year.
"Of course, I'm disappointed with today. I thought I would do better. I wanted to fight a bit more and make the match a bit tighter. I had opportunities. But Zverev played extremely well. He played well all week."
At the age of 20, Zverev is already firmly established as the brightest young star in tennis.
Still only 20, Zverev joins Tsonga as the only active players outside the Big 4 to win multiple @ATPWorldTour Masters 1000s #CoupeRogers pic.twitter.com/59Qf97spPb — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) August 13, 2017
"I'm just really happy for him, to see that he's taking everything not just to the next level, but the two next levels, winning two Masters 1000s," said Federer.
"It's extremely difficult to win. He's won two this year. It's a wonderful achievement for him. I wish him the best for the coming months and hope he can finish the season very strong because there are opportunities now."
Tim Farron has resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats claiming it has become “impossible” to reconcile the role with his Christian beliefs.
Announcing his decision, the embattled politician said he found himself “torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a leader”.
It follows a highly personal election campaign, in which Mr Farron repeatedly found himself at the centre of a row over his views on gay sex and abortion.
It also followed the resignation of the party's openly gay home affairs spokesman Lord Paddick, who cited “concerns” about the leader's views “on various issues”.
Addressing party staff at Lib Dem HQ yesterday, Mr Farron defended his liberal credentials claiming he was “passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me”.
But he said he had become “the subject of suspicion” since the campaign “because of what I believe and who my faith is in” and this has “obscured” the party's message.
“The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader. A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully,” he said.
“[But] to be a political leader, especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017, and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.
"I'm a liberal to my finger tips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me.
"Even so, I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in... That's why I have chosen to step down as leader of the Liberal Democrats."
Earlier in the day, Lord Paddick had tweeted that he was stepping down as home affairs spokesman "over concerns about the leader's views on various issues".
He did not mention a specific example, but it has been widely speculated that the key factor was Mr Farron's refusal near the beginning of the election to state whether or not he thought gay sex was a sin.
Mr Farron said he intends to serve until the parliamentary recess begins next month.
The newly re-elected MP for East Dunbartonshire, Jo Swinson, is already being floated as a possible replacement.
‘IF YOU'RE watching on the telly, turn it off,” sang the Bradford City fans midway through the second half.
They had a point. At the time this derby was goalless and largely lifeless, a contest seemingly meandering towards a stalemate that would have done neither side any favours.
Doncaster Rovers' John Marquis celebrates his opening goal against Bradford City (Picture: Bruce Rollinson).
If, however, those sitting at home in front of their sets heeded those urgings from the visitors' seats and went for the ‘off' switch then they missed a final quarter that saw a previously turgid contest spring finally into life.
Both sides had chances, but it was Doncaster Rovers who prevailed courtesy of a late double from John Marquis.
The celebrations at the final whistle, tinged with more than a sense of relief, betrayed the importance of the three points to a club where memories of their 2016 slide towards relegation remain vividly fresh.
As for the Bantams, a season that promised so much as the new year dawned continues to implode. Seven points separate City from the play-off places as manager Simon Grayson continues to search for his first win since succeeding Stuart McCall a little over five weeks ago.
It was not through the want of trying on the part of the Bantams that last night did not provide those elusive three points. For much of the proceedings City's approach play was decent. This was particularly the case during an opening quarter that saw Nicky Law see plenty of the ball.
Bradford's problem, however, came once deep into home territory. Without Charlie Wyke, serving the second-game of a three-game ban following his red card at Plymouth Argyle, the ball just would not stick.
Alex Gilliead, normally a winger, tried his best, as did Shay McCartan. But the duo were unable to provide either the physical presence or the incisive touch required to turn good approach play into a goal.
In the end Grayson had to turn to rookie German striker Joel Growdowski. It proved to no avail, the debutant, signed last summer for the development squad, providing plenty of willing running, but precious little quality.
Growdowski did attempt one audacious shot with the outside of his left foot soon after coming off the bench, but the ball looped harmlessly over the crossbar.
City's best moments had come early on. Only the alertness of Joe Wright prevented Timothee Dieng giving the visitors the lead on ten minutes with a close-range header that was blocked on the line.
Romain Vincelot also brought a smart save from Marko Marosi, who had earlier bravely thrown himself at the feet of Tony McMahon to claim the ball after initially failing to hold McCartan's cross.
Later in the first half Law was agonisingly close to converting a Gilliead cross in stoppage-time.
The best Doncaster could muster in terms of an attacking threat during those opening 45 minutes was a shot from Marquis that flew wide of Colin Doyle's goal.
Things did not markedly improve for the hosts after the break, at least not at first as proceedings did little to warm up the 7,369 crowds on a bitterly cold night.
As the game moved past the hour mark the pre-match suspicion that the rotten form of these two teams going into the derby meant the game could turn into something of a turn-off for the viewers at home seemed to have been borne out.
Certainly there was never going to be a repeat of a previous meeting between these two managers that had brought ten goals and more twists and turns than a rollercoaster at Blackpool, coincidentally Doncaster's next opponents on Good Friday.
Preston North End, under Darren Ferguson, triumphed 6-4 on that occasion at Elland Road in 2010 and, come last night's final whistle, Rovers' manager was again celebrating a precious win.
The breakthrough came 15 minutes from time courtesy of a sublime cross from Niall Mason that immediately had the City defence in trouble.
Marquis, instantly alert to the opportunity, threw himself at the ball and his thumping header gave Colin Doyle no chance.
City tried to respond, but their weakness up front was all too obvious as Rovers' backline stood firm before Marquis sealed the points in stoppage-time.
Another decent passing move from the hosts created the opportunity that Marquis gleefully converted with a drilled shot through Doyle's legs to justify those at home who had stuck with it to watch what proved to be an eventful denouement.
Doncaster Rovers: Marosi; Blair, Wright, Baudry, Mason; Houghton, McCullough (Whiteman 72), Coppinger, Rowe; Kiwomya (Beestin 61), Marquis. Unused substitutes: lawlor, Alock, Kongolo, May, Williams.
Bradford City: Doyle; Knight-Percival, Vincelot, Kilgallon; McMahon, Guy, Dieng (Devine 57), Law, Robinson; Gilliead (Growdowski. 57), McCartan (Gibson 73). Unused substitutes: Poleon, Warnock, Breunker, Raeder, Devine.
Referee: D Handley (Lancashire).
Latest table: Page 18.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
n Ashland: The Ashland Area Historical Preservation Society will meet at 7 p.m. Feb. 22 at its 318 Centre St. headquarters. Highlights will include Romeo S. Hornung, aviator in flight, and a talk on the first Ford garage in the county presented by Matthew S. Grosser. All are welcome; refreshments will be served.
n Fountain Springs: North Schuylkill high school students kicked off the Think BIG campaign to raise money to help families fight pediatric cancer. The committee will host an all-night dance marathon Friday beginning at 9 p.m. in the high school gymnasium. The event will continue until 9 a.m. Saturday. The school has already raised more than $4,000 for the effort through fundraising events. For more information, email Lynn Minalda at lminalda@northschuylkill.net.
n Minersville: Ss. Peter and Paul Byzantine Catholic Church will sponsor a pre-Lenten gourmet dinner by Hillcrest Catering, takeout-only, from noon to 3 p.m. Feb. 26 at Hillcrest Hall, Minersville-Llewellyn Highway. The cost is $10 for adults and $5 for children. Meals include breaded chicken cordon blue with hollandaise sauce, creamy mashed potatoes, buttered green beans, cranberry sauce, roll/butter and dessert. To make reservations or for more information, call 570-544-9944 or email hillcrestcatering1@gmail.com.
n Minersville: The Minersville Youth Football Association will have a night-out fundraiser from 5 to 8 p.m. Feb. 27 at Friendly's restaurant near Fairlane Village mall, Route 61. A portion of Friendly's proceeds from eat-in and carry-out orders will benefit the association. For more information, call 570-573-3993.
n Pine Grove: The Pine Grove Temple Association will have a deep-fried battered haddock or ham dinner with dessert from 4 to 7 p.m. Friday at the Pine Grove Masonic Lodge, 23 Oak Grove Road. The event is open to the public and children's platters will be available. For more information or takeouts, call 570-345-0165.
n Saint Clair: Holy Apostles Episcopal Church of North Parish, 307 E. Hancock St., will sponsor an eat-in-only pancake-and-sausage supper at 6 p.m. Feb. 26. The deadline to register is Sunday by calling 570-391-9546 or 570-429-7107. All are welcome.
n Saint Clair: Knights of Columbus Council 14009 will have a soup sale from 9 a.m. to noon Saturday at 709 Wade Road. The cost is $6 per quart and $3 per pint. The sale will benefit Nativity BVM High School, Pottsville. For more information, call 570-429-2568.
n Tamaqua: The Tamaqua Historical Society is featuring a special exhibit of vintage Valentines now through the end of February in the Tamaqua Museum, 118 W. Broad St. Two upright cases are filled with more than a hundred vintage Valentines, according to a release from Dale Freudenberger, society president. One case features Valentine cards and related artwork designed by famous Tamaqua artist John G. Scott, who created the artwork for more than 2,500 Valentines produced by the Gibson Card Co. during his nearly 30-year career as a commercial artist from 1924 to 1953, Freudenberg said. In addition to being a commercial artist, Scott was a well-respected Pennsylvania legislator and spent 40 years as the administrator of the former Coaldale State General Hospital. The Scott Valentines on display are part of a much larger collection of other Scott artwork in the historical society's collection, which will go on permanent display later this year in the new museum annex and gallery. A second case at the museum is filled with many beautiful and varied styles of ornate vintage Valentines covering the period of about 1890 through the 1960s. Some were made in the United States, others were made in France, and Germany. Winter hours at the society museum, now through the end of March, are 5 to 8 p.m. Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 3 p.m. Sundays and other items by appointment by calling Freudenberger at 610-597-6722 or email dalefreud@gmail.com.
WWE News: Former Divas Champion spotted backstage at WWE Live Event
Just a friendly visit or was there more to this?
by Riju Dasgupta News 14 Aug 2017, 11:37 IST
Is a return on the cards for this talented WWE superstar?
Former Divas Champion, Kaitlyn was spotted backstage at a Live Event in Miami, Florida where she reunited with some old friends. She even took to Instagram to post pictures with three of her former colleagues, SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi, Natalya and Tamina Snuka. Here is a glimpse of Kaitlyn with the three current superstars:
Such a nice surprise running into @celestebonin tonight in Miami!!! We all loved seeing you, Celeste! ???????? A post shared by natbynature (@natbynature) on Aug 13, 2017 at 2:58pm PDT
Kaitlyn won the Divas Championship title from Eve in 2013 and held it for another 153 days before she dropped the title to AJ Lee eventually. She departed from the company in 2014, after losing a match to AJ Lee on WWE Main Event.
She has not been associated with WWE since and has gone on to say that she considers herself retired from the company. It is likely that this was just a meeting to catch up with old friends and nothing more. At the same time, we are curious whether there's more to it, and if Kaitlyn would want to make a return to WWE in this current Women's Revolution Era.
At this time, Kaitlyn earns a living through her clothing line called 'Celestial Bodiez' that focuses on fitness clothing, and is obviously a play on her real name, Celeste Beryl Bonin.
The Big Lead's PM Sports Roundup, where the weekend is just a societal construct with no real meaning, man.
Wonder Woman hosting SNL: Gal Gadot is hosting Saturday Night Live this weekend so you know I'll be tuning in.
Sills turned out alright: West Virginia's David Sills was the young quarterback offered a scholarship by Lane Kiffin as a seventh grader. By the time he was 18 he was a “bust” but has reinvented himself as an excellent receiver.
Fields decides to stay home: Top recruit Justin Fields has committed to Georgia, opting to stay home to play college football. Fields is widely considered the top quarterback in the 2018 recruiting class, and many ranks him as the top player. This was an enormous pickup for Kirby Smart and co.
Leach boots two: Two Washington State football players have been kicked off the team after they stole stuff from a Walmart in Pullman.
Tweet of the Day:
Look at this idiot, holding that sign like the Indians didn't blow a 3-1 lead in the World Series last year. #ALDS2017 pic.twitter.com/BgQ5n1Ksdf Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — Luigi Goodlino (@HunterGoodling) October 6, 2017
In Case You Missed It On The Big Lead: World Cup Qualifying Recap: United States With Must Win, Argentina Needs to Win Final Game; Ben McAdoo Really Has a Handle on All This; WATCH: N.C. State Fans Chant “F-B-I” During Win Over Louisville; Some Words of Caution About the Rapidly-Filling Philadelphia Eagles Bandwagon.
Around the Sports Internet: Mike D'Antoni is awful confident in his Houston Rockets; Kate Upton is in Houston supporting her future husband Justin Verlander on Friday; Josh Norman is out four weeks with a rib injury; Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for the Titans this weekend.
Song of the Day:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New-build homeowners have discovered yet more snow lurking in their lofts after the Westcountry was blanketed in the white stuff.
Snow fell across Bristol, Somerset and parts of South Wales at the weekend as version two of the so-called Beast from the East struck – just weeks after its predecessor.
The snowfall and freezing cold temperatures caused significant travel disruption across the region, with flights cancelled at Bristol Airport, bus services impacted and schools closed on Monday.
But it was not just outside that the snow caused issues, with residents in new-builds once again reporting snow in their lofts.
Chris Graham, who lives with his wife Sue in a Barratt new-build in Midsomer Norton, said: “We read recently about snow entering the roof space of new build houses. We had that problem – snow was entering through the air vents in the roof.
“This led to the ceilings getting damp and soaking right through. Barratt told us there was nothing wrong with the vents and that it won't do anything about it.
“Yesterday, when the snow started, I went up to the loft to check and found snow coming in again – not though the vents but through the vent base, where it had not been fitted correctly.
“There was a strong draft coming through, bringing snow with it. This morning, I went back up to the loft to find a lot of snow in my roof space.”
Dozens of new-build homeowners across Bristol and the wider region have now come forward to complain about snow in their lofts.
Residents in areas across the city, including Speedwell and Southmead, have joined those from Cheswick Village and Lyde Green in reporting Storm Emma snowfall in their lofts.
But despite mounting pressure from residents, housing developers have said they will not cover any of the repairs .
After being approached for comment in light of the more recent reports, Barratt Homes in Bristol managing director Russell Glimstead re-issued a previous statement blaming the issue on “extreme weather”.
He apologised for the inconvenience but stressed it was temporary.
“We sincerely apologise that this has occurred and for any associated inconvenience but this is a temporary condition based on the severity of recent weather conditions,” Mr Glimstead said.
“The extreme wind and fineness of the snow meant that snow has made its way through vents into the roofs. The vents are installed in order to comply with building regulations and as such the homes affected by the snow were not defective in any way.
“Therefore, under these circumstances, it is with regret that we are unable to take any further action regarding this issue.”
The reverse side of your favorite coin may get a feminist revamp if these lawmakers have their way. Two representatives introduced a bill that would put influential historical U.S. women on the quarter, and though the process to have the quarters minted is still not settled, in a few years, you could be spending them.
The project, according to the bill introducing it, would honor the 19th Amendment, which gave women the right to vote, and it would work a lot like the state quarter collection. Those quarters featured George Washington on one side and a unique design on the back that represented each particular state. With these women on the quarter project, each of the 50 states, five territories, and Washington, D.C. would also get their own version with a woman who was prominent in the state or territory's history on the back.
The first designs could be ready in 2020, the 100th anniversary of women's suffrage, but the coins wouldn't be in circulation until 2021. And that's if the bill moves through the Republican-controlled Congress and is signed by President Trump.
Democrat Barbara Lee of California and Republican Bruce Poliquin of Maine introduced the bill together last week, in the heart of Women's History Month. The first step to making the quarters would be passing the measure. The bill has been introduced but has not been discussed in committee.
Once the bill is passed, it would direct the U.S. Treasury to implement the production of the coins. They in turn would contact the governor or top official in each state and territory to choose the 56 featured woman. According to the bill, the governors are supposed to check with women's organizations from the states to help decide who to honor. No living women are eligible.
Rep. Lee, the congresswoman responsible for the bill, explained her inspiration to CNNMoney:
We have so many women, first of all, who are unsung heroes, and their accomplishments haven't been recognized. This bill, and hopefully the coins, will give us a chance to really highlight them and make sure the world really knows who they are and what they have done. I think it's really long overdue.
Former Treasury Secretary Rosie Rios worked with Lee to draft the bill. She's the woman behind the plan to add Harriet Tubman to paper money. When Obama left office, Tubman was set to be put on the $20 bill, but it's unclear whether or not Trump's new Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin will go along with the plan. The Treasury has said it continues working toward that goal, but Mnuchin could halt production of the new bill before it debuts in 2026.
Rios didn't announce a similar plan to put women on coins, because that is something the Treasury cannot do on its own. While paper money designs are up to the department, coins are only able to be changed with input from Congress, thanks to the laws that control how the country's currency designs are decided. Only another law can alter the design of coins.
T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images News/Getty Images
That's why Rios looped in Lee to make it happen. Her goal was to honor women's suffrage, but she needed Congress to work on the coins. "I had a whole plan," Rios told CNNMoney. "It wasn't just a woman for the sake of a woman. I knew our timeline [for issuing updated coins and currency] was 2020, the suffrage centennial. This is about giving half your population the chance to participate."
As for the likelihood of passing a pro-women bill in the current Congress, Lee's Republican co-sponsor feels positive. "I think we're going to have plenty of support," Poliquin told CNNMoney. "It's about women in our society and our country and economy."
While it's too early for states to start the competition for potential honorees, the fact that 56 U.S. women could be commemorated is significant. Women have long been underrepresented on both bills and coins. In the 20th century, only Susan B. Anthony and Sacagawea were featured.
Interestingly, the only other woman on modern U.S. currency actually is thanks to the state quarter designs, the program that the women quarters are designed after. Helen Keller, who born and raised in Alabama, was featured on her state's version. Maybe they'll honor her again this time around — if the bill passes.
NORTHAMPTON -- Russell Peotter, who chaired a Hampshire Council of Governments committee charged with figuring out a way to keep the financially struggling agency afloat, announced his resignation last week and recommended dissolving the organization, saying, "no one is coming to the aid of HCG."
Peotter, of Chesterfield, was elected as a Hampshire Council of Governments councilor on May 1, 2017, to represent that town, running unopposed. His resignation takes effect June 30.
"My advice," Peotter said, while reading a letter to his fellow Councilors at the May 24 meeting, "is to radically restructure or even dissolve HCG." He did not detail the nature of any proposed restructuring.
He said the agency should transfer "the excellent work HCG does in sustainable energy, group purchasing, senior volunteer management and tobacco avoidance" to another organization able to support those functions -- "to find homes for that work as well as the dedicated employees who perform it."
Peotter said the Strategic Planning Committee, which he chaired, "engaged consultant Ann Latham for an appraisal and of HCG's situation."
According to Peotter, the consultant's response was "very sobering."
He did not specify her findings at the May 24 meeting, exiting the session while it was still in progress -- after reading his one-page letter. The Republican has requested to see Latham's work product.
In the resignation letter, Peotter also blamed himself for a brouhaha that erupted after his committee sent letters to the 20 Hampshire County cities and towns on April 13.
Those letters said the communities could be collectively responsible for about $4.7 million in HCOG expenses, should the agency disband.
Municipal officials took offense, as did members of the region's legislative delegation.
The legislators were furious that the April 13 letter imputed that the lawmakers agreed that the $4.7 million could be a municipal responsibility.
In response, six legislators who represent Hamsphire County communities signed a letter accusing the Council of dishonesty and misleading the public. Poetter said he read their letter on May 22.
In falling on his sword on behalf of the Council, Peotter chose the path of public penance.
At the May 24 meeting he stated, "Apparently, I mis-heard or seriously misinterpreted what I thought I heard during my conversations with the legislators. For that, I apologize. My credibility and judgement are now understandably in question and that is why I'm resigning as chair and withdrawing from the Strategic Planning Committee.
"It is impossible to see how I can be effective in that role given these circumstances. Further, I plan to inform the Chesterfield Select Board and Town Administrator of my intention to step down as councilor effective June 30th," Peotter said.
"My apologies for anything I misheard or misinterpreted, and the problems and stress that may have resulted for you and our legislators," Peotter said.
"While he will not be attending the July 4th celebrations, Mr. Singh knows that it will take more than symbolic gestures to successfully pressure the Trump administration," James Smith said in an email.
Goldfeder said she doesn't think the boycotts will impact the feel of the party at all.
"There are a handful of people who have decided to make this a comment on the Canada-U.S. relationship and that's fair," she said.
"They're all in good, safe places to make that comment, but it's for their purposes. I don't think anyone realistically has an expectation that that's something the U.S. administration — especially this one — would be all that impressed by."
Communications staff at the U.S. embassy have not yet responded to a request for comment about the party or the boycott. In Ireland, where several Irish MPs have made a show of boycotting the Fourth of July party in Dublin, the senior U.S. official at the embassy there suggested such a move was counterproductive.
“Everybody has the right to express themselves and how they do it, but I'm a firm believer in dialogue," said Reece Smyth, the deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Dublin, which hasn't had an ambassador since Trump took office in January 2017.
"Even when we disagree, I think the dialogue needs to continue as that is the only way we can come to an agreement,” Smyth told the Irish Times newspaper.
Ottawa-area MP Andrew Leslie, the government's parliamentary secretary for U.S.-Canada relations, is scheduled to attend. And Conservative defence critic James Bezan is flying back to Ottawa specifically for the party.
"It's our chance to go and celebrate Independence Day with the Americans and demonstrate we're friends," said Bezan.
"Members of families sometimes have difficulties, and we have to find a way to work through this."
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Every federal tax-filing deadline day includes earnest calls for tax reform. And every year those calls fade as the sting of paying Uncle Sam recedes into history.
After this tax day, things should be different. President Donald Trump and the Republican majorities in Congress have vowed tax reform, But, as with their vows to immediately repeal Obamacare, they have found that tax reform is a better campaign rallying cry than easily achievable public policy.
Trump himself has little credibility relative to tax reform. He was the first presidential candidate since Gerald Ford to not release his own tax returns, and he has claimed that it is “smart” to evade the tax man.
Both parties in Congress lack credibility because members of both parties have larded the tax code with special provisions for their own favored interests, which is part of the Byzantine complexity for which the tax code is infamous.
As marchers around the country have demanded, Trump should release his returns. It is all the more important to provide factual information on the degree to which he and his companies are tied to Russian interests and how they in turn might or might not be tied to the Russian government's electronic meddling in the presidential election.
Then Congress should begin the politically perilous job of unwinding the web of privilege and penalty that constitutes the tax code and agree on some parameters for rebuilding it. Federal taxation must remain progressive, so as to contribute to economic progress for the poor, and it must ensure that wealthy interests, especially major corporations, cannot evade paying any taxes in any particular year. In the process, Congress should devise a means for companies to repatriate more than $2 trillion that they hoard abroad to avoid U.S. taxes. Companies want simple tax forgiveness for that money, but Congress should tie a reduced taxation rate to investments in the U.S. economy, particularly to job creation.
Whether Congress establishes a fairer distribution of the tax burden, or merely reshuffles favored interests, will determine whether the effort can be called reform.
A new "clean standard" is coming to one coffee shop in our area beginning 2018.
Caribou Coffee announced they will be the first national coffee chain offering beverages made with clean label ingredients. These ingredients will have no artificial colors, flavors, sweeteners, and preservatives. There will also be no MSG or high fructose corn syrup.
This isn't the first time the coffee chain is choosing a more natural option. In 2010, Caribou started using real chocolate chips rather than powdered chocolate which many other coffeehouses currently use. They also made "cleaner" changes in 2012 and 2016.
Caribou Coffee's focus on real ingredients has been fundamental part of the Clean Label commitment.
ESA at the Berlin Air and Space Show18 April 2018 ILA welcomes trade visitors from Wednesday 25 April to Friday 27 April, and will open its doors to the general public on the weekend, 28 April - 29 April. A full programme of events in the Space pavilion is available at: https://www.ila-berlin...
Samsung and Hyundai chiefs see rising protectionism as a problem in 2017
Top executives at Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor said Monday that slowing economic growth and rising protectionism around the world would stoke increasing uncertainties for their businesses in the coming year. Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees to step up quality control in the face of the headwinds, which come as the South Korean technology giant is preparing to announce the findings of its investigation into the overheating problems that resulted in the discontinuation of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo said that despite the threat of protectionism, Hyundai and its sister Kia Motors expect new model introductions to boost sales by 4.7 percent to 8.25 million vehicles this year. They sold 7.88 million last year, missing their 2016 sales target.
Scott Disick is on "better terms" with former partner Kourtney Kardashian.
The reality star couple - who have Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and Reign, three, together - officially called it quits in 2015 after a nine-year on and off romance, but were at loggerheads for some time as Scott was known to be "hung up" on their relationship.
But now, after both stars have moved on - with Scott now dating 19-year-old Sofia Richie, and Kourtney now romancing Younes Bendjima - it has been claimed the former couple are finally on good terms again.
A source said: "Scott and Kourtney are on better terms. He was hung up on Kourtney forever and really wanted to make that relationship work, but he's finally come to terms with the fact that she's moved on."
Alongside improving his relationship with Kourtney, the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star is also said to be cleaning up his act, after being known for his partying lifestyle.
The insider added to People magazine: "He's not partying like he was just a year ago and seems to be in a healthier place mentally and physically. Everyone in the family is really happy with how he's doing lately."
The news comes after it was recently reported that Kourtney now "trusts" Scott's new beau Sofia - who is the daughter of music legend Lionel Richie - with helping to look after her brood.
A source said: "It helps that Kourtney now trusts Sofia. The kids are allowed to spend time with her. Sofia likes having them and helps Scott. So far, the kids are giving Kourtney good reports about Sofia.
"Sofia has shown over and over again that she is willing to stay with Scott even when things are not great - but Scott is doing well lately. [He] isn't really partying and spends a lot of time with his kids."
Auburn ended its best season in nearly two decades with abundant reason for both optimism and concern.
The Tigers could return every key player next season, perhaps including centre Austin Wiley , but it's not certain that coach Bruce Pearl will join them. Auburn is still unraveling the details of a federal investigation that led to the indictment and firing of top assistant Chuck Person and entangled two players and a pair of support staffers.
Pearl's fate is unlikely to be settled before he sits down for a formal interview with attorneys conducting an internal review of his program. Neither President Steven Leath nor new athletic director Allen Greene has shed light on his job security pending that meeting.
The coach told reporters after Sunday's 84-53 loss to Clemson in the second round of the NCAA Tournament he feels his program is on "very strong footing."
"Now we've got to finish this process with the NCAA and in my mind, as long as there are no major findings that are tied to me we'll be fine," Pearl told reporters in San Diego. "We certainly have some other things that we're going to have to answer to and that's why you have to go through this process."
Person allegedly accepted bribes to steer players to a financial adviser once they turned pro and funneling some of that money to the families of Wiley and Danjel Purifoy. Neither played this season.
The Tigers (26-8) have much to celebrate — and to look forward to, especially if Pearl is able to stick around. They won a share of their first Southeastern Conference regular season title since 1999 and snapped a 15-year NCAA Tournament drought, beating College of Charleston in the first round. Only the 1998-99 team won more games.
Barring early departures, every player in the regular rotation is scheduled to return from a team that set program single-season records for made free throws (647) and 3-pointers (324), along with blocked shots (180). That includes leading scorer Mustapha Heron, top 3-point shooter Bryce Brown and point guard Jared Harper .
Heron is only the fifth Auburn player to reach 1,000 points in his first two seasons. Brown, a first-team AP All-SEC guard, is 21 3-pointers shy of the Tigers' career record held by Wesley Person, Chuck's younger brother.
The NCAA has ruled that Wiley, a five-star prospect who enrolled midway through last season, is eligible to play next season. Purifoy's status remains unclear. Both could also explore entering the NBA draft.
BOSTON (AP) — As marijuana shops sprout in states that have legalized the drug, they face a critical stumbling block — lack of access to the kind of routine banking services other businesses take for granted.
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with legal marijuana businesses, from chemists who test marijuana for harmful substances to firms that provide security, don't have their banking services taken away.
It's part of a wider effort by Warren and others to bring the burgeoning $7 billion marijuana industry in from a fiscal limbo she said forces many shops to rely solely on cash, making them tempting targets for criminals.
After voters in Warren's home state approved a November ballot question to legalize the recreational use of pot, she joined nine other senators in sending a letter to a key federal regulator, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, calling on it to issue additional guidance to help banks provide services to marijuana shop vendors.
Advertisement
Twenty-eight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal or recreational use.
Warren, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said there are benefits to letting marijuana-based businesses move away from a cash-only model.
“You make sure that people are really paying their taxes. You know that the money is not being diverted to some kind of criminal enterprise,” Warren said recently. “And it's just a plain old safety issue. You don't want people walking in with guns and masks and saying, ‘Give me all your cash.'”
A spokesman for the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network said the agency is reviewing the letter.
There has been some movement to accommodate the banking needs of marijuana businesses.
Two years ago, the U.S. Department of the Treasury gave banks permission to do business with legal marijuana entities under some conditions. Since then, the number of banks and credit unions willing to handle pot money rose from 51 in 2014 to 301 in 2016.
Warren, however, said fewer than 3 percent of the nation's 11,954 federally regulated banks and credit unions are serving the cannabis industry.
Taylor West, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a trade organization for 1,100 marijuana businesses nationwide, said access to banking remains a top concern.
“What the industry needs is a sustainable solution that services the entire industry instead of tinkering around the edges,” Taylor said. “You don't have to be fully in favor of legalized marijuana to know that it helps no one to force these businesses outside the banking system.”
Sam Kamin, a professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law who studies marijuana regulation, said there's only so much states can do on their own.
“The stumbling block over and over again is the federal illegality,” he said.
The federal government lumps marijuana into the same class of drugs as heroin, LSD and peyote. Democratic President Barack Obama's administration has essentially turned a blind eye to state laws legalizing the drug, and supporters of legalizing marijuana hope Republican President-elect Donald Trump will follow suit.
Trump officials did not respond to a request for comment. During the presidential campaign, Trump said states should be allowed to legalize marijuana and has expressed support for medicinal use. But he also has sounded more skeptical about recreational use, and his pick for attorney general, Alabama U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, is a stern critic.
Some people in the marijuana industry say the banking challenges are merely growing pains for an industry evolving from mom-and-pop outlets.
Nicholas Vita, CEO of Columbia Care, one of the nation's largest providers of medical marijuana products, said it's up to marijuana businesses to make sure their financial house is in order.
“It's not just as simple as asking the banks to open their doors,” Vita said. “The industry also needs to develop a set of standards that are acceptable to the banks.”
India's imports stood at $33.99 billion and exports at $22.54 billion in July. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: India's trade deficit narrowed to $11.45 billion in July from a month ago, following a slowdown in merchandise imports, government data showed on Monday.
The trade shortfall was $12.96 billion in June.
Asia's third-largest economy imported goods worth $33.99 billion last month, up 15.42% from a year ago. The figure was lower than imports of $36.52 billion in June.
Gold imports, however, in July nearly doubled from last year to $2.1 billion. Merchandise exports for July came in at $22.54 billion, up 3.94% year-on-year.
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war -- a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
--By Ken Thomas, Sylvie Corbet and Angela Charlton
The view from the heights of Elfin Forest offers a sweeping vista: to the north lay the paved-over gray of San Marcos and Escondido; to the east and south, clusters of unsullied green — Blue Sky Preserve and Black Mountain — dot the spaces in between suburban sprawl of Rancho Bernardo and Rancho Santa Fe.
And when the expedition of students and their families who stood on that perch on May 13 turned to the southwest, the entire Escondido Creek watershed unfurled before them, winding its way down into San Elijo Lagoon and emptying out into an endless Pacific blue.
Then the 3rd and 4th graders from Escondido's Pioneer Elementary School looked down, close down, crouching creekside to collect insects in their larval stages. By measuring the diversity of the species at hand, they knew how healthy the water is — a lesson on how the tiniest things below the surface connect to the world at large on the grandest of scales.
For the students in the program, many whom have never been to the ocean, the excursion was the ultimate eye-opener.
“The idea is to show them how the mountains are connected to the ocean, to show these kids that we're not living in isolation, that we're all impacting our watershed and have to take care of it,” said Tara Fuad, education director for the San Elijo Lagoon Conservancy.
The 14 students — plus their parents and siblings — spent five hours at Elfin, one of several excursions that the San Elijo Lagoon Conservancy leads as part of its Getting Out in Nature (GOIN') program. Now in its second year, GOIN' is a partnership among the San Elijo Conservancy, the Escondido Creek Conservancy, I Love A Clean San Diego and Outdoor Outreach. Its mission: to bring students out of the classroom and into nature. More than 1,000 children participate at five elementary schools in the Escondido Union School District: Pioneer, Central, Farr Avenue, Lincoln and Felicita.
GOIN' is made possible thanks to a $41,000 grant from the San Diego Foundation, part of a larger $442,000 that the foundation awarded last month for 11 programs that aim to increase access to nature for under-served children and families. Taken together, the 11 projects will reach more than 11,000 children across San Diego County, conserve and restore 5,500 acres and improve nearly two dozen parks.
Thanks to the grant, GOIN' will be able to deliver its message of environmental empowerment to one or two more schools next year.
“Sometimes it can be a little doom and gloom with the way things are portrayed,” Fuad said. “To help kids feel like they can do something about it is really empowering, to take away that helpless feeling and show them that they really can make a difference. Programs like these help us find the passion in these kids and teach them to not allow it to fade.”
For more information, visit www.sanelijo.org.
US President Donald Trump (AFP-Yonhap)
Career FBI Are Embarrassed by Dirty Cops Video – Bill Still
What a beautiful, cold morning on the East Coast knowing that the Trump coup is about to be shattered.
And career FBI folk are happy this is just about over as well. 99% of them have been deeply embarrassed by Comey and Company.
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
Inaugural home venues of the 10 Test playing nations
The Lord's Cricket Ground has staged 133 Test matches, the most by any venue.
by Sounak Mullick Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 14:18 IST
Melbourne Cricket Ground has staged two ICC Cricket World Cup finals
It is nearly 140 years since the first international Test match was played at the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground between hosts Australia, and England. Since then, Test cricket has gone through a huge transformation, and as many as 10 Test nations are currently playing under the affiliation of the International Cricket Council.
Often referred to as the “Home of Cricket”, the Lord's Cricket Ground has hosted 133 Test matches, the most by any venue. But the Lord's did not host the first ever Test match on English soil, another ground in London, The Oval, staged England's first home match in Test cricket.
Let us have a look at the venues which hosted the inaugural international Test match of each Test playing nation:
#1 Melbourne Cricket Ground, Melbourne, 1877 (Australia vs England)
Match count: 109
Probably the most iconic cricket ground till date, the Melbourne Cricket Ground boasts of hosting the first ever international cricket match and is still the largest cricket stadium in the world with a capacity of 100,000. It was in the year 1877, that Australia faced off with England in the first ever Test match with Aussie opener Charles Bannerman scoring the first ever century.
Bannerman was unbeaten on 165 when he retired hurt after he injured his index finger with the team's total at 240 for the loss of 7 wickets. A low scoring match, the hosts outplayed the Englishmen and won the Test match by 45 runs.
The MCG has so far hosted 109 Tests, second only to The Lord's, which has witnessed 133 matches. Apart from Tests, the mammoth stadium witnessed the first ever One-Day International match in 1971 against their old rivals. The Melbourne Cricket Ground has also hosted two Cricket World Cup finals, one in 1992 and the other in 2015.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Mominul Haque and Liton Das kept Bangladesh steady and helped the home side reach 187-3 at lunch on the final day of the first test against Sri Lanka, cutting the match deficit to 13 runs.
At lunch Sunday, Mominul was batting on 70 and Liton Das was not out 47, raising the prospect of saving the game.
With his second 50-plus knock in the match, Mominul had 245 runs, which made him the highest run scorer for a Bangladeshi batsman in a test, eclipsing Tamim Iqbal's 231 (206 and 25) against Pakistan in Khulna, 2012.
Resuming the day on 81-3 and with the prospect of a potential defeat, Mominul and Das combined for a 106-run partnership for the fourth wicket to keep Sri Lanka frustrated throughout the session.
SACRAMENTO, CA — Assemblymember Frank Bigelow (R-O'Neals), along with Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia (D-Coachella), honored the California Cattlemen's Association Monday, in recognition of 100 years of contributions to the California beef industry. The pair presented a resolution to the cattle association on the Assembly floor, accepted on behalf of the organization by John Lacey, the association's 32nd president and Centennial Cattleman honoree.
Assemblymember Bigelow addressed the Assembly floor first, by sharing his personal ranching history. His family has been ranching in California since the mid 1800s, and he stressed the importance of the positive work ranchers do in California and the helpful work CCA does on behalf of those ranchers.
“The California Cattlemen's Association has educated, advocated, and fought for a lifestyle and industry that defines my heritage. The Bigelow family has contributed to California's beef production for four generations, and I plan on continuing that legacy for my children and grandchildren,” said Assemblyman Bigelow. “I am honored to recognize the California Cattlemen's Association for 100 years of hard work and dedication for ranchers throughout our great state.”
The California Cattlemen's Association has been representing California ranchers and beef producers since 1917 and has proudly done so to help California land stewards continue producing a protein that represents California's 4th top agricultural commodity in the state.
“There is no question of the importance and value that the California Cattlemen's Association and its work on the ground has contributed to the people of Imperial County,” said Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia. “I am proud to join my colleague in recognition of the 100 year anniversary of the California Cattlemen's Association.”
Lacey was recognized by CCA in December at their 100th annual convention with the Centennial Cattleman award, honoring his dedication and commitment to the California and U.S. beef community over a lifetime of leadership and achievements.
“It is a great honor to accept this resolution as a cattle rancher and as a past president of CCA,” said Lacey. “The recognition is exciting for CCA and helps launch the association into its next 100 years.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Texas are responding to a "major" incident after two officers and a security guard were shot at a Home Depot.
A man and woman officer were helping the guard with an arrest a branch of the DIY store in Dallas when gunfire erupted.
The officers suffered critical injuries and are battling for life.
There are unconfirmed reports that the victims were hit by sniper-style 'headshots'.
Armando Juarez, 29, was later named as the suspect.
Armoured police vehicles swarmed the area while a heavily-armed SWAT team patrolled a nearby river.
(Image: Dallas PD)
(Image: RichardRayFox4/Twitter)
(Image: RichardRayFox4/Twitter)
In several tweets, Dallas Police Department said: "We can confirm that two DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families.
"A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time."
The suspect was said to be wearing wearing white shirt and dark trousers and was last seen on foot.
K9 and air units have also been deployed.
A police spokesman told WFAA it is a "major incident" at the store.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Usain Bolt era might be over, but the Manchester United fan will love the fact that - in the Premier League at least - the sprint kings of the new season are in United shirts.
Because as new stats from Opta show, both Romelu Lukaku and Paul Pogba set the standard for speed in the 2017/18 campaign by both recording a rapid top speed of 21.5mph in United's 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
The duo - both firm friends off the pitch - each reached the same top pace at Old Trafford, which was 0.1mph faster than Arsenal sub Theo Walcott clocked against Leicester.
(Image: Arfa Griffiths)
(Image: REUTERS)
For comparison's sake, it should be noted that Bolt - who retired from athletics after last week's World Championships in London - reached a top speed of 27.8mph when he broke the 100 metres world record in Berlin in 2009.
His average speed over that race was 23.35mph.
(Image: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Image: Getty)
And Lukaku and Pogba weren't the only Manchester United players to fire the speed gun into action over the opening weekend of the Premier League season, either.
The full list of speeds over 21mph clocked by Premier League stars over the weekend looks like this:
The top speeds run by Premier League players over the opening weekend of the 2017/18 season (mph)
So will this new-look, quicker United prove difficult to keep up with in the Premier League this season?
Catch them if you can.
Bristol City have almost completed their work in the transfer market for the summer of 2017, but they might still bring in a striker.
Ahead of playing Brentford on Tuesday evening, assistant head coach Dean Holden gave an update on the club's injuries and search for a new forward, with head coach Lee Johnson admitting that he wanted another forward on Saturday.
With the Robins missing out on striker Isaac Vassell earlier on Monday, Holden gave an insight into the recruitment processes at the club.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
"The scouting network and recruitment department at this club is fantastic. We have weekly recruiting meetings and we have contact almost every day," said Holden.
"Yeah and exactly that [lists of targets] - we've got lists and lists and lists. Like everything, we have top targets. If we miss out on them can we go to the next one. We feel like we're in a really good place at the moment."
The Bristol Post specifically asked whether the club would consider loaning another striker like last year when Tammy Abraham was signed in August - a move that worked out very well for everyone: Abraham, Bristol City and Chelsea.
(Image: 2016 Getty Images)
"It's something the club would look at. It depends on who comes on the market. We've got a list of targets, and whether that's a permanent or a loan, we'll see what the best deal can be.
The 37-year-old member of Lee Johnson's coaching set-up was also asked about exciting recent capture Niclas Eliasson, who could be set to start for the Robins at some point soon.
"Yeah, we were very pleased to get Niclas in," confirmed Holden replying to a question from BBC Radio Bristol on whether the Sweden U21 winger might get a start soon.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
"I think there were some big clubs looking at him. He came about onto our radar, we looked at him in-depth, and he looks a very, very exciting player.
"His first training session [was] on Thursday and we were watching him - he's got unbelievably quick feet. He's obviously got things to learn defensively. He's only really had a crash course of two days... a crash course for what the other lads have had six weeks to learn in pre-season.
"He's exactly where we want him to be. He's a bubbly character and we're very, very pleased to have him," said Holden.
More than 100 Cardiff School District students proudly marched down Pacific Coast Highway Dec. 2 in the City of Encinitas Holiday Parade.
The students were from the Cardiff School third grade music program and the Ada Harris Wildcat Band. Cardiff School District students have performed in the City of Encinitas Holiday Parade for the past six years.
After months of practicing the recorder and earning qualifying ribbons, the third graders performed the holiday classic, “Jingle Bells” by James Lord Pierpont. While all students in the district attend music once a week, traditionally the third graders are introduced to basic music notes through the recorder and learn simple songs. Recorders lay the groundwork for breath control needed for wind instruments and fingering for woodwinds. The big goal is to perform for their parents and community in the parade.
While proud of the day their children reach the parade, parents are also grateful as the sounds of home recorder practice conclude with the parade.
For fourth through sixth grade students who are interested in developing their instrumental musical talents beyond the recorder, Ada Harris has the Wildcat Instrumental Band, in addition to weekly music class. The band was formed over 30 years ago and is one of very few elementary schools in San Diego County with a formal band program. Almost 100 enthusiastic Wildcat Band members marched in the parade Dec. 2.
They also performed “Jingle Bells,” yet stepped it up by also playing “El Capitan” by John Philip Sousa. The Wildcat Instrumental Band includes woodwinds, brass and percussion.
Wildcats show dedication to their passion by practicing and performing throughout the school year. Band practice is held at least two times per week, typically before or after school.
Many have said, “Wildcats are some of the most prepared band members to enter the middle school band programs. They often quickly rise to sectional chair positions due to their elementary musical experience.”
The Wildcat Band is led by, director, Deb O'Neill.
O'Neill was hired in October 2017, when the previous director resigned when she was selected for a full-time position as the director of both the Oak Crest Middle School and Diegueno Middle School band programs. O'Neill began playing music when she was three years old and went on to be in The President's Own, United States Marine Band and played at the White House.
She has extensive experience directing elementary school bands and founded the Roger Rowe band in Rancho Santa Fe.
"I am happy and honored to be directing the Ada Harris Band,” said Deb O'Neill. “I love the students' enthusiasm for music and I really appreciate the support from the district, staff and families. This parade was a perfect example of the whole community coming together."
The Ada Harris Wildcats holiday concert is December 14 at Ada Harris Elementary and begins at 6:30 p.m. Students play a variety of holiday songs. Members of the school community are invited to the concert and it is always a full house and a great time.
— Submitted news release
Three cylindrical buildings—each larger than the Superdome—now dot the Hackberry skyline, signaling that construction on Cameron LNG is well underway, according to Greater Baton Rouge Business Report.
As 10/12 Industry Report details in a feature from the current quarterly issue, the project—backed by San Diego-based Sempra LNG & Midstream and its partners—is one of about eight announced LNG projects in the Lake Charles area.
Construction of three liquefaction trains started at Cameron LNG about two years ago and is projected to end in 2018, says Cameron LNG spokeswoman Julie Nelson. Progress has been steady this year, she says, with some interruptions due to heavy rains.
More than 75 cranes are operating on the project, and major pieces of equipment—such as air coolers, pressure vessels and compressor packages—are being received and installed. Nelson says continued electrical work, structural steel work and piping are all part of the current phase of construction.
The project has created thousands of temporary jobs in construction, which is the sector responsible for bringing the most new jobs to the local market this past year, according to a recent report by the Louisiana Workforce Commission.
Nelson says over 4,500 contractor construction workers—many of them craftworkers recruited from south Louisiana—are working on the project. Another phase of employment will begin when construction ends, Nelson says, and Cameron LNG is now recruiting experienced staff—such as operators, mechanical technicians and instrument techs—to begin training now.
GREEVILLE, SC — April 23, 2018 — A newly released research study finds that American furniture and furnishings manufacturers place great value on the role of technology…but have their work cut out for them to get up to global standards.
“North America has the second highest number of respondents declaring that automated technology plays an essential role in their processes,” the study finds. “Half of North American respondents would like to further develop the use of technology in their processes. However, American companies are the least likely to have CNC cutting or virtual prototyping solutions.”
The new research study, “What's Rearranging the North American Upholstered Furniture Industry?” was conducted by the Centre for Industrial Studies and Lectra. It points to opportunities for American producers to significantly upgrade their production facilities through the use of technologies such as virtual prototyping.
Such technologies are a key element of the upcoming Home Furnishings Manufacturing Solutions Expo, taking place July 18 and 19 at Greenville's TD Convention Center, nearby the Triad heart of the furniture business and accessible for companies based throughout the Southeast.
The Expo features a wide variety of exhibitors showcasing the latest in manufacturing equipment, systems, software and technology specifically developed for the furniture and home furnishings industry.
These manufacturing solutions are what is needed for American producers to address the changing market conditions of the industry, the study finds. “North American survey respondents rated demand for quicker deliveries and downward price pressure as their most pressing challenges,” the survey reported.
“Successful manufacturers are tackling their key challenges with concrete objectives and pragmatic business plans. Survey results reveal that streamlining costs, reducing delivery time and catering to personalized tastes will be critical for creating a competitive advantage in this market.” The research study makes it clear that technology, combined with brand development and an emphasis on product design can be the differentiating factor for successful furniture producers.
“Taking a technology-focused approach is the best way to develop and manage the extensive catalog, range of options, shorter delivery times and more rapid innovation in features and functionality that customers desire,” the report concluded. “Those companies who have carefully invested in end-to-end hardware and software solutions, or plan to invest in the next few years, will be strategically positioned to meet current and future market challenges.”
Registration is also now open – you can receive a complimentary pass or visit hfmse.com, click the registration button and enter promo code MyGuest.
Posted April 24, 2018
Source: Expodevco
