On Thursday 8 March, The Student spoke with picketers around George Square on UCU's action, student involvement, disruptions to lectures, and the crossing of picket lines to enter university buildings. 8 March is International Women's Day. To demonstrate the significance of women involved in picketing for the UCU, a rally gathered outside George Square Lecture Theatre on Thursday morning. Picketers discussed influential women, such as Eleanor Marx, and celebrated their work to fight for gender equality.
Newly elected rector Ann Henderson also gave a brief speech highlighting the significant role women have historically played in social activism — even when they did not have the right to vote.
Raquel Ribeiro, Portuguese lecturer, spoke to The Student from the picket lines, commenting: “Women's working conditions are affected directly. We have women here with their children so [the strike] is about fighting for equality and fighting for distribution of wealth. Women, in a way, are a more affected group, I would say.”
George Square was filled with strikers holding signs and banners throughout the day. Richard Shillcock, Informatics and Psychology lecturer, remarked that “the UCU was previously seen as not really the strongest Union, but this is a really strong action. More people have joined…we've had a real collegial time on the picket lines.”
Picketers were also asked on their thoughts about the current status of the strike at the finish of its second week. A general consensus was reached that the strikes have been fairly effective. Neil Thin, from the Social Anthropology Department, stood outside of Appleton Tower for most of Thursday, confirming that “there have been at least proper consultations happening, and even at the start of the strike, the UUK was looking more stubborn than it is now. There's been some sign of movement. Our Principal has come out and made some noises in a good direction.”
Picketers have also expressed gratitude for student support, which has included providing coffee, hot chocolate, and porridge. However, a number of picketers also encouraged students to be more involved and voice their shared concerns about the UCU action. Peter Ackema, of Linguistics and English Language, stressed that:
“Students should write to the Principal, and the Vice Principals, stating how they are affected by this action, that they are worried about it, and that they should start negotiating.”
Jean-Benoit Falisse, a lecturer at the Centre of African Studies, suggested students could also be supportive through “[Signing] a petition by the Student Union to use unpaid salaries for hardship funds for lecturers.”
Picketers were apologetic when asked about how disruptive the strikes have been to students and University Administration. However, they explained that in order to be effective, the strike would need to be disruptive. A PhD student outside 50 George Square said: “I think that there is a big misunderstanding amongst students that particular lecturers are being mean and choosing to not help them.”
The local UCU contact for the School of History, Classics, and Archaeology, Kirsty Day, told The Student: “We want to do this ultimately because we believe in the university as an institution and we want to ensure that it continues. We do recognise in the short term, the disruption for students is tough and it's something that's easy for us to say, ‘Oh but we're disrupting for something important,' but I think most staff members that I've spoken to have been very conflicted about it.”
Finally, The Student asked for the picketers' thoughts on students that do decide to cross the picket lines in order to attend lectures and tutorials. Neil Thin voiced that: “I hope that I haven't given any student the sense that I blame them for wanting to do their studies. They aren't on strike, we are. And it's absolutely their choice and it's a free choice.
“Personally, I haven't got the sense that students felt harassed if they've had to go in to use a lab, and it's a nice gesture that this university has kept the library open.”
When discussing the same concern Kirsty Day said: “I think that absolutely no one should cross picket lines and it shows you're not being supportive if you do. But I do think we need to consider that for students and colleagues with disabilities and illnesses, breaking routine can be quite difficult.
“So, my line is that students shouldn't cross picket lines, but I'm also sympathetic to the many reasons why this is difficult.”
Those out on picket lines on Thursday all shared their appreciation for student involvement in the UCU's efforts and encouraged students to continue showing support. It was made clear that students need to fight for their education by challenging authorities working towards the marketisation of education.
Standing through all weather types, picketers continue to show their concern for the state of our education system.
Photo by Caroline Bernet.
An employee inspects a 20 cent euro coin after it was minted at the'Monnaie de Paris' national mint factory in Pessac near Bordeaux, southwestern France, October 30, 2014. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
NEW YORK The dollar rose to a two-week high on Thursday as a combination of technical trading and strong U.S. economic data and potential weakness in the euro zone weighed down the continental currency.
Analysts said the euro's fall against the dollar below a technically important level around $1.07 triggered orders by traders to sell. The euro fell to $1.0681, its lowest level since March 15.
The move added to the dollar's gains against a basket of major currencies. The dollar index was modestly higher before the euro's selloff, and it rose to 100.52, its highest level since March 16.
The euro's support level was cracked by the combination of the currency's fall to around $1.07, the rise of U.S. Treasury bond yields to session highs, and a rise in oil-linked currencies from higher crude prices , said Thierry Albert Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist at Macquarie Limited, citing information from Macquarie's trading desk.
The euro was already trading lower thanks to data released earlier in the day that showed German and Spanish consumer inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March, prompting worries that sluggish growth in the euro zone could persist.
In the United States, gross domestic product grew faster than previously reported in the fourth quarter of last year thanks to robust consumer spending, the Commerce Department said.
The data had investors ready to buy the dollar and sell the euro, and the break in the euro's price gave them a reason to do so, analysts said.
"Most of the market thought that the dollar had gotten too undervalued after last week and were just waiting for it to bounce," said Greg Anderson, global head of foreign exchange strategy at BMO Capital Markets. "Once it was clear that it bounced they were going to jump in and buy it or (sell the euro)."
The dollar briefly weakened in early trading after CNBC reported that President Donald Trump was assessing new ways to go after countries that try to weaken their currencies. The report, citing two anonymous sources, offered no detail on what measures might be under consideration.
It was the Trump administration's latest attempt at "jawboning," or trying to talk the dollar lower, said Mark McCormick, North American head of FX strategy at TD Securities.
"That's been their operating mandate," he said. "They believe the dollar is too strong."
(Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler)
The actress is an ambassador for the Royal College of Nursing.
Game Of Thrones star Emilia Clarke has spoken about the devastating experience of losing her father as she praised the nurses who helped care for him and called for cuts to their funding to stop.
The actress, whose father died of cancer in July 2016, detailed the expertise and compassion of the people caring for him in his last days.
Speaking at an awards ceremony in London, the Royal College of Nursing ambassador, 31, said: “Even in my lifetime, nursing has drastically changed. Nurses are beginning to smash the old stereotypes and, for the first time, performing operations and running doctors' surgeries.
“Our NHS, and other health services around the world, simply could not function without you. But even with the support you give, you aren't getting it in return.
“Today's nurses appear an easy target for cuts, not the priority for investment.”
She added: “This reality breaks my heart, as two years ago on the 10th of July I lost my darling dad.
“Our experience was shaped by the care he received. I was given the opportunity to be involved in the intricacies that made up a day of trying to save his life and it showed me with such clarity, not only the awe-inspiring skill that the nurses clearly had, but the emotional intelligence that came along with it.
“After a panic at hearing bells and buzzers I didn't understand; the hug that came my way and the words that accompanied it both reassured and comforted me.
“I know my dad received the best care and medical support from our nurses that dealt with every second of those dark days.”
Urging nurses to take action to campaign against cuts, Clarke said: “The money the NHS has to keep our nurses trained and at the forefront of healthcare has been cut in half this year in England.
“This has to stop, we have to make a change. We all know the frustrations that go along with student debt.
“Young people who have the drive and commitment are being put off by the new fees they now must pay to train.
“To force the people who save our lives to live on food stamps has to stop. Now, more than ever, we must value nursing.
“Nursing is about more than just medicine; it's about engaging with another person on a human level. Like hugging a daughter who knows that she is about to lose her dad.
“As ambassador I want to help fund and engage a new generation of specialist nurses. Who, in turn, will deliver innovative practice, improve survival rates and reduce hospital stays; and help those with long-term conditions to live their lives to the full.
“I vow to champion nurses and support workers and to help you gain the recognition and money you deserve. Together, we must support the next generation to innovate and become the powerful nurses of tomorrow.”
© Press Association 2018
WASHINGTON: The United States on Sunday sharply condemned a North Korean plan to test-fire an intercontinental ballistic missile and warned Pyongyang against “provocative actions.”
The toughly worded US statement called on “all states” to show the North that any unlawful actions would have “consequences.”
It was issued by the Pentagon at a sensitive time — just weeks before President Barack Obama is due to hand power over to his successor, Donald Trump.
The statement came hours after Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, said his country was close to testing such a missile, which would be capable of reaching American shores.
“We are in the final stages of test-launching the intercontinental ballistic missile,” Kim said in a televised New Year's speech, pointing to a string of nuclear and missile tests last year.
He said Pyongyang was now a “military power of the East that cannot be touched by even the strongest enemy.”
The Pentagon statement noted that “multiple UN Security Council resolutions explicitly prohibit North Korea's launches using ballistic missile technology.”
It urged Pyongyang to “refrain from provocative actions and inflammatory rhetoric that threaten international peace and stability.”
The statement reaffirmed Washington's “ironclad commitment” to defend its allies, using “the full spectrum of US extended deterrence capabilities.”
Pyongyang has never successfully test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), and analysts are divided over how close it is to doing so.
But all agree it has made enormous strides in that direction since Kim took over as leader from his father Kim Jong-Il, who died in December 2011. AFP
AFP/CC
Credit: Andesign101
The federal government has asked the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) to carry out a survey to determine if Australians are for or against gay marriage.
Citizens will be asked to answer ‘yes or ‘no' to a simple question: “Are you in favour of the law being changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?” Some informal votes will no doubt also be recorded.
The ABS will then advise the government of the results. This all sounds very simple but unfortunately for the ABS there are some catches. One is the timeline, received on August 9, requires the agency to return the results on November 15.
Additionally, there are potential legal obstacles to get the data needed to run the survey, which the High Court will have to decide on very soon. Finally, the suggested method of running the survey is to use a postal process, which has well known limitations.
It is worth noting the direction from government does not specify the method to use, so postal is only one option. Postal elections are commonly used in Australia for local government elections.
Western Australia has non-compulsory postal elections which have an average turnout (ratio of electors who return a ballot for scrutiny to those on the roll) of 27 per cent.
The ABC's election analyst Antony Green has documented – in great detail – the type of problems the proposed postal survey may face with respect to participation.
My guess is that the proposed postal survey will only yield a participation figure of 50 per cent, at best, and will tend to exclude younger electors and anyone who is away from their enrolled address – a lot of people.
The problem with a survey which is both skewed and has low participation is that the public will rightly claim the outcome is not representative, which will be disappointing after a spend of around $122 million.
The only solution to this problem is to add internet voting to the mix of survey options and have both a postal and internet based survey.
This is not a crazy thought, as NSW already has an internet voting system called iVote which could do the job and would work along-side a postal survey system. It's a system I know well because I was responsible for developing and running it during the NSW 2015 election.
I can say with some certainty that adding an internet survey to the postal vote won't have any detrimental effect on the postal component of the survey as it will simply run in parallel.
Having run this type of parallel approach before at two general elections I am confident ABS can do the same for its survey.
The process from an elector's perspective would not change if they only want to vote using the post. They will receive a postal pack which will have a paper survey, which they can choose to complete and return.
However, it will also have instructions on how to vote online. Should they not receive a postal pack they can simply go online and register to participate in the survey and receive their voting credentials via SMS, in a manner similar to many bank's approach to online security.
Should an elector be found to have voted twice then one of the votes would be rejected when the returned envelopes are processed. This is the process currently used in NSW.
If iVote was implemented in conjunction with postal as suggested above it would have the effect of increasing the participation by a significant amount, potentially bringing it to a more acceptable 70+ per cent.
I believe the system could be implemented in the timeframe available using existing contract arrangements and would not add significantly to the overall cost of the survey process.
I know this would be a courageous decision for the government and ABS but isn't that what we are being told we must do – be brave and embrace the new world of digital transformation?
Ian Brightwell is a consultant and experienced CIO. Ian was CIO and Director of IT at the New South Wales (NSW) Electoral Commission in Australia. His role was responsible for the provision of all IT infrastructure and information security for the Commission and led NSW electronic voting initiative (iVote) at the 2011 and 2015 elections.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Following the example of celebrities like Angela Jolie and Michelle Heaton, flame-haired Belfast entrepreneur Linzi Rooney opted to have life-changing surgery to decrease her risk of breast cancer.
The 31-year-old beauty, owner of Studio Souk on Belfast's Ann Street which sells the work of 80 artists and craftmakers, is sharing her story to raise awareness during October, which is breast cancer awareness month.
The busy businesswoman and mum to daughters Macie (5) and Adaline (1) underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive breast surgery during April and September of last year having tested positive for the BRAC1 gene that is known to increase the risk of breast cancer by 40 to 85 per cent.
It was after testing positive for the gene that Hollywood superstar Angelina Jolie elected to have a double mastectomy causing many women to follow suit.
Linzi was already determined to have the treatment following the death of her mother Mandy at age 40 when Linzi was just 15 - the loss of her mother to cancer at such a formative age made the mum-of-two determined to leave nothing to chance in reducing her risks of also developing the disease.
Linzi's mother, whom she describes as “sociable, friendly, feisty, affectionate and a bit like Princess Diana” in her warm ability to relate to others, was first diagnosed with breast cancer aged 33 and proceeded to develop liver cancer and a brain tumour as the cancer spread before her untimely death at the age of 40.
Linzi remembers doing her homework in hospital beside her mother and she and her father Alan and brother David rallied to the end in making their last months with Mandy as memorable and peaceful as possible.
“Mum was really friendly and a fantastic mother. She very much took life as it came. To me she was really like Princess Diana in being very warm and she had the same hairstyle. Even when she was going through chemotherapy she had a wig that was like a Princess Diana style. She had this very relaxed and positive outlook on life and that continued all the way through her battle with cancer.
“I always remember doing my homework in hospital beside her and our whole lives as a family revolved around mum and her being sick and her treatment. But she always tried so hard for my brother David and I to keep things positive. Losing mum so young was devastating and it made me fearful that I would go through the same thing.”
Linzi was naturally shattered by the loss and since becoming a mother herself was determined to be proactive and have elective surgery on the NHS because she could not face the prospect of her children having to deal with what she went through; Linzi remembers her mother's last years being dominated by her cancer struggle and felt she had to act fast in order to significantly reduce her own cancer risk.
Some celebrities who have opted for an elective double mastectomy because of testing positive for the BRAC1 gene have been criticised for pre-empting the development of a disease that may not actually develop. But for Linzi the decision was always exactly what she wanted in order to delimit her chances of developing the cancer that ended her mother's life.
“When I became a mother I realised that this was not just about me but also about my children. My mum is gone and my children depend on me and I did not want them to suffer as I did see my own mum go through what she did. I felt I had to act to prevent that happening to my two girls - that was the most important thing. My doctor advised me that I was high risk and because of my mother once I turned 30 it became something I really couldn't ignore because of what had happened to mum. I didn't want to take any chances because your health is your wealth.
“I felt I couldn't properly rest or relax worrying about the possibility of getting breast cancer. People say it was a brave choice for me to have a double mastectomy but to me it isn't brave it's just about trying to take control of your own life and health. For me there was a huge amount of psychological stress and worrying about getting cancer so acting and doing something about it just seemed logical. To me if there's anything you can do to prevent something bad happening then you should do it. We put seat belts on, we take vitamins, we eat healthy and try to exercise all to prevent the development of disease and a double mastectomy is a preventative measure just like that for me.”
Though many might feel that a double mastectomy and reconstruction is drastic without confirmation of a cancer diagnosis for Linzi this was about eliminating the worry she had about developing the illness that robbed her of her mother when she was just 15.
“People wondered if I was nervous about the surgeries but if anything I felt really positive to be receiving treatment I knew would reduce my cancer risk. I had wanted the treatment for years because of what happened to mum. Probably if I had been able to get the procedure when I was 21 I would have gone for it. The thought of developing cancer has always been a massive worry for me.
“I felt relaxed having had a double mastectomy and I feel like I've been given a new lease of life.
“Before I was always rushing, rushing thinking I had to get things done by 40 when mum died but the surgery has allowed me to leave that anxiety behind. I feel like I have more balance now, that I can enjoy life and realise what's important. It's literally lifted a massive weight off my shoulders.”
Linzi underwent her double mastectomy in April of last year and had reconstructive breast surgery completed in September past. Though many women worry about feeling less feminine after a mastectomy Linzi finds that her confidence has improved.
“I'm delighted by the results of the reconstructive surgery - I love them now. They don't feel like my normal breasts but they look amazing.”
Linzi was treated on the NHS. Double mastectomies are available for women testing positive for the BRAC1 gene but you have to ask for the test to be done and be proactive in asking for the procedure.
“I feel like Angelina Jolie I was not prepared to leave anything to chance now that I am a mother. To me it just seems very straightforward that you would ask for the test and have surgery if you know that a first degree relative like your mother has suffered with cancer.
“My advice to women who know that they are high risk for developing breast cancer is not to overthink it and to be proactive in doing what's best for the long term rather than the short term. Yes the surgery is a difficult and painful procedure with recovery of six weeks for the double mastectomy but I think it's worth it for peace of mind.
“When I woke up after my last surgery I actually felt great. To me it's an amazing feeling knowing you've taken this important step to massively reduce the cancer risk.
“If you are able to get a surgery that will help prevent against breast cancer and you are high risk then to me you should just do it. I think every woman should do it if she finds it will allay her fears.
“I also know that my mum was definitely right there behind me in all of this.”
If you have any concerns about breast cancer and the BRAC1 gene contact your GP. There are several breast cancer charities in Northern Ireland who can further advise you about breast cancer and treatment.
Within a Twitter rant on Wednesday morning, President Donald Trump tore into Attorney General Jeff Sessions, expressing regret over his appointment.
President Donald Trump attacked a member of his own cabinet, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in a Twitter rant Wednesday morning, suggesting he regretted the choice to appoint him to the position in the first place.
Trump quoted Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-South Carolina) in his tweets, which centered around Sessions and his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation that's inching ever closer to the president's circle day-by-day. Trump quoted Gowdy, even though the lawmaker himself has been critical of the president's attacks against the investigation.
In his tweets, Trump cited Gowdy as saying, among many other things, that “[t]here are a lot of good lawyers in this country, [Trump] could have picked somebody else.”
“And I wish I did!” Trump adds.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that's how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
This all goes back to the Russia inquiry, which is looking into possible collusion efforts between Trump's campaign and the Kremlin, as well as potential obstruction of justice charges against the president himself.
Sessions recused himself in 2017 from overseeing the FBI investigation, currently led by special counsel Robert Mueller, because of conflicts of interest that arose within it. Since the inquiry is looking into figures from Trump's 2016 presidential campaign — of which, Sessions was a part of, and during which he made contacts with Russian dignitaries — it'd be a major conflict of interest for the attorney general to play a role in it.
Sessions' recusal meant that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein (whom Trump has tried to cast doubts upon as well) took lead on overseeing the investigation, which upsets the president since he can't directly influence Sessions to steer the course of the probe away from him.
The latest tweets from Trump signal that the president remains angry with Sessions over his decision to recuse over a year ago. Holding onto a grudge that long can only mean that Trump is feeling continued pressure from the investigation.
Trump is getting nervous, and lashing out in ways that make it painfully obvious he's feeling as much.
Last year, Eileen Sofa filed a lawsuit that alleged the San Diego Unified School District failed to properly prevent or report an alleged assault on her son in a Lincoln High School bathroom in 2016. NBC 7's Rory Devine reports from the newsroom.
The family of a woman who was fighting for justice for her son and others without a voice says they will continue her struggle after her death.
Eileen Sofa, the mother of a 19-year-old non-verbal, special needs student, died on April 14, soon after coming back from Washington, D.C. where she spoke to education officials about the need to make schools safe for all children.
“She was mostly trying to speak out for kids who couldn't speak, and who are not like us,” Sofa's daughter, Jahnella Alai, told NBC 7.
Earlier this year, Sofa filed a lawsuit that alleged the San Diego Unified School District (SDUSD) failed to properly prevent or report an alleged sexual assault on her son in a Lincoln High School bathroom in 2016. In her claim, Sofa said school police failed to tell her “the true facts” of what happened to her son.
Sofa said school officials had told her a teacher's aide walked into the bathroom just before her son had been assaulted, but in police and school reports obtained exclusively by NBC 7, the teacher's aide reported seeing the student assault Sofa's son. In a police report, the student admitted to sexually assaulting her son, saying he didn't know why he did what he did.
SDUSD says it cannot comment on ongoing litigation, but before the claim was filed it put out a statement that said, “School safety is a top priority and all protocols are followed when it comes to allegations of wrongdoing.”
Sofa, 45, leaves behind two daughters, her son and a husband of 24 years.
“We are going to finish what she started; we're going to keep going until we get justice for people out there who don't have a voice to speak, and we're not going to give up,” Alai added.
Sofa's family says her son, who graduated last year, has not been told about her death.
A teacher at Lincoln High who knew the family has set up a Gofundme page to help with funeral expenses.
Sofa's death was related to underlying health issues.
A waiting-game is underway in the Volvo Round Ireland Race following the line honours win for Niall Dowling's Baraka Gp that crossed the finishing line of the 705-mile race almost four days after starting last Saturday.
First boat home has been decided but this 20th edition of the biennial race has so far appeared to favour a small boat win meaning many of those still at sea are contenders under the handicapping system.
But winds have slackened on the north coast and the notorious tides have taken hold and Baraka's pace may yet be enough to secure the overall win as well.
Still Baraka Gp's skipper was being cautious on the Wicklow Harbour quayside shortly after coming ashore,
“I think we're fighting against the clock given that we're a large(r) boat and this is going to be a small-boat race,” Dowling said ashore at Wicklow Sailing Club. “It's been 10 years since I did the race and I won't leave it as long next time!”
Depending on weather conditions, the main fleet is expected to start arriving back in Wicklow from lunchtime on Thursday and continue right up to the scheduled start of the prize-giving at 6pm on Friday.
A total of 46 boats remain at sea from the original 56 starters.
6 Oct, Kathmandu: Home Minister Janardan Sharma has said that the government employees should work with the objectives to providing prompt services to the service seekers rather than ruling them.
While inaugurating a three-month training relating to law and justice to the officials of Nepal Administration Service here Friday, Minister Sharma added that the officials should concentrate on speedy service delivery.
On another note, Sharma clarified that the officials failing in the training will not be recommended for Chief District Officer (CDO) in future.
Speaking in the same programme, Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Yagya Bahadur Thapa urged all to be benefited from the training. RSS
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – The successful commissioning of the automated materials handling system at Randgold Resources' Kibali underground operation is supporting the mine's planned ramp-up in production, CEO Mark Bristow says.
The mine, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, is on track to achieve its production guidance of 730 000 oz for this year, a 22% increase on the previous year's output.
Advertisement
Randgold invested $2.7-billion to make Kibali one of Africa's most automated gold mines and the project is now ready to move from underground mining by contractors, to owner-mining.
“Aside from the continuing optimisation of the underground system and the construction of the mine's third hydropower station, which is scheduled for commissioning towards the middle of this year, the Kibali project is now complete,” Bristow noted.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County boss Gary Rowett says he is in no rush to throw new signing Kasey Palmer straight into the team for Saturday's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium (3pm).
Palmer joined the Rams on loan from Chelsea for the remainder of the season on transfer deadline day this week.
The attacking midfielder has not played first-team football since December 12, during a loan spell at Huddersfield Town, having previously missed a chunk of the season due to a hamstring injury.
He did, though, play 45 minutes for Chelsea Under-23s on Monday.
Asked if Palmer would feature against Brentford, Rowett said: "The debate really will be after some fitness issues over the past three months, we've got to make sure we make good decisions.
"Do we chuck him straight in? Or do we risk then, if he picks up an injury, he could be out for a while?
"So it's just making sure we give him the best possible chance to affect games, whether that's now or in a week or two's time."
(Image: Derby County Football Club)
Rowett will assess Palmer's fitness, along as Bradley Johnson's - the midfielder has missed the past four games due to a back injury.
Meanwhile, the manager is waiting on the availability of forward Andreas Weimann, whose wife is due to give birth.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
"Bradley is one we will have to assess, because he's not trained for that long a period and been out for a while. It would have been nice to give him some sort of match play before he came back into the fold, just to see how his back is. So we'll assess that," said Rowett.
"As I've said, we'll assess Kasey to see if it is a good decision to involve him so soon, or whether a little period of strengthening and training might help him be fit for the rest of the season.
"Andi Weimann's wife has gone into labour today (Friday), so we might just have to delay the naming of the team just to make sure we know the full scenario of everybody available."
Two Fairline Boats workers died in a road traffic accident in 2014, a coroner has said.
Matthew McKnight, 41, and Paul Jones, 54, both of Market Harborough, died when the Vauxhall Insignia they were travelling in left the A427 between Brampton Ash and Dingley and hit an oak tree, at 5.45pm on Thursday, September 25, 2014.
Flowers left at the scene of the Dingley crash where two workers from Fairline died NNL-140110-120501001
Driver David Simmonds and fellow passenger Kevin Hindley were also injured in the crash.
The four men all worked together for boat builders Fairline and played for the same darts team at the Red Cow pub in Harborough.
And at the inquest into the deaths of Matthew and Paul in Northampton today (Thursday, October 5), assistant coroner Belinda Cheney concluded both men died in a ‘road traffic accident.'
Before her verdict, she read out statements from doctors about what may have caused Mr Simmonds to crash.
Written evidence from Dr Rahul Tosar, Mr Simmonds' GP, stated he had suffered no previous medical episodes of note, but said Mr Simmonds had told him of two instances of playing online poker when he ‘lost a couple of seconds of time'.
And evidence from Dr Dennis Chan, honorary consultant in clinical neurosciences at the University of Cambridge, suggested Mr Simmonds may have had a ‘simple, partial seizure'.
This was contradicted by evidence from Dr Ian Morrison, a sleep physician, who suggested a brief period of sleep may have caused the crash, but he did not rule out an epileptic seizure.
Pc Cliff Wilkins, a forensic collision investigator for Northamptonshire Police, said at the time of his investigation he suspected Mr Simmonds had fallen asleep or was distracted.
But he added about the crash: “There's no definitive explanation for its origins. The evidential threshold was simply not met [in order for the CPS to prosecute].
“The loss of control was either through being incapacitated, by simply being distracted for a period of time or through a seizure.”
Belinda then gave her verdict after a 20 minute break. She said: “David Simmonds worked with Paul James and Matthew McKnight. They had a car share arrangement. Paul and Matt were in the back seat. Kevin was in the front seat.
“I accept the road conditions were good, I accept the weather was good. There were no mechanical defects with the car.
“He fell asleep or got distracted. There is evidence he may have suffered a seizure as well.”
She then read out a statement from Matthew's wife, Sarah, which read: “Matthew was the life and soul of everything we did.
“He enjoyed gardening, walking the dog and holidays with my sisters. Every moment outside of work was spent with the family.
“Everything has now changed beyond recognition. Our whole world has been turned upside down and completely destroyed.”
The coroner then extended her sincere condolences to the families of both men present in the courtroom and said she hoped the inquest would bring closure to them.
New range of Textile products to celebrate the Titanic 105th Anniversary.
RMS- Titanic- Belfast- Cotton- Waffle- Tea- Towel
Contact
Trevor Mitchell
onlineoffice@ rmstitanic100.co.uk Trevor Mitchell
End
-- Interest in all things Titanic just grows and grows.The Belfast Titanic Giftshop Online have just introduced a range of 8 new Titanic textile products for the Titanic's 105th Anniversary. In addition they are offering one of the new products as a free gift with orders for the their Titanic Premium 401 Rivet which is unique to this store.This company is based on the shores of Belfast Lough not far from where RMS Titanic was built.The new range consists ofSoft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Bath Towel.100% Cotton Bath Towel Size: 27 inch x 55 inch (67.5 cms x 137.5 cms).Soft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Bath Towel with authentic vinolia soap.Soft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Cabin Towel.100% Cotton. Cabin Towel Size : 20.4 x 12.4 inch (51cm x 31cm).Soft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Cabin Towel with authentic vinolia soap.Soft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Bath and Cabin Towel Set to remember the 105th anniversary of the Titanic.Soft cotton embroidered RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 Bath and Cabin Towel Set with a Large Bar of Authentic Vinolia Soap to remember the 105th anniversary of the Titanic.Beautiful bespoke white cotton waffle tea towel trimmed with green borders and shamrocks on one side and an image of the RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017.Size : 20.5 x 28 inch (51.25 x 70cm).Set of 3 white cotton waffle tea towels (vintage cloths) trimmed with green borders and shamrocks on one side and with image of the RMS Titanic Belfast 1912-2017 on each tea towel.All above are made in Ireland.For a limited period the RMS Titanic Premium 401 Rivet comes with a Free RMS Titanic 1912-2017 Embroidered Cabin Towel.Available for worldwide delivery from The Belfast Titanic Giftshop Online at http://www.rmstitanic100.com
TSX-V-listed manganese miner Meridian Mining has appointed Jonathan Richards as interim CFO, following the resignation of Carlos Braga.
The London-headquartered mining company said on Wednesday that Richards had a keen understanding of the Brazilian operations and that he would be a valuable contributor going forward.
Advertisement
Meridian last month also appointed a new president and CEO, with Gilbert Clark having succeeded Anthony Julien as CEO.
The company is currently focused on exploring and developing the Espigão manganese project, the Ariquemes tin joint venture area and adjacent areas in the state of Rondônia. Meridian is currently producing high grade manganese at its project located at Espigão do Oeste.
Narrating the incident, Aftab, one of the Kashmiri students who was assaulted said that a group of 15-20 people beat them."I and my friend had gone to the mosque to offer namaz yesterday, after we came out of the mosque, we noticed some people following us. Just as we were leaving on my motorbike, a group of 15-20 people started to beat us," Aftab said on Saturday."No one came forward to help us. Soon after police arrived at the spot. We went to the hospital for checkup & returned to university campus. We told faculty about incident & lodged a complaint with University," he added."With regard to physical assault on some students of J&K in Haryana's Mahenderhgarh, Haryana Police has taken cognizance. FIR u/s 148/149/341/323 IPC has been lodged in Mahenderhgarh police station. 0ne of our officers is in touch with the boys as well," Jammu and Kashmir Police said.On Friday, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti urged the Haryana government to take stringent action against the perpetrators for assaulting Kashmiri students and demanded a probe into the case.Mehbooba made the statement on Friday, hours after reports of the Kashmiri students of the Haryana Central University in Mahenderhgarh being assaulted surfaced.
Survey finds 66-year-olds are the most satisfied in bed - and sex therapists say it makes sense.
Your sex life reaches its peak in your 60s, according to a new report.
The eighth annual Singles in America survey was taken by more than 5,000 single people in the US.
It found single women are having the best sex at 66 years old and men at 64.
Advertisement
Sex therapist Dr Madeleine Castellanos said lovemaking is more fulfilling for single men and women in their 60s because they are experienced, they know what they want and are free to explore the dimensions of their sexuality.
"As you get older you know what you like physically," sex therapist Dr Castellanos, a New York-based sex therapist, told Daily Mail Online.
While many think younger people have a better time knocking boots, the recent survey revealed it actually gets better with age.
In fact, a study published by National Commission on Aging found women, in particular, said sex in their 70s was at least as satisfying or more satisfying physically than it was in their 40s.
Dr Castellanos told Daily Mail Online many men and women like getting frisky in their 60s because they are more free.
"Many of them had a much more narrow range of experience limited by who they were with," she explained.
For instance, single people in their 60s who have been in long-term relationships when they were younger are now able to "continue to explore all the dimensions of their sexuality."
Since there's also a learning curve to sex, men and and women could be having a better time knocking boots in their 60s simply because they've been doing it for such a long time.
"The older you are the less limited you are about what other people think, what society thinks and what your partner thinks," Dr Castellanos explained.
Previous studies have found that, contrary to popular belief, older people are spending a lot of time between the sheets with their partners.
A 2007 study published in The New England Journal of Medicine found that the majority of older people who were married or had intimate partners were sexually active well into their 80s.
Many of them reported having intercourse, oral sex and masturbating even in their 80s and 90s.
The Singles in America survey, funded by Match and conducted by Research Now, is the latest to prove sex isn't just a young person's game.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A powerful thunderstorm cell swept in from Iowa and caught residents of Freeborn County by surprise Tuesday.
When it was over, power lines were down and fields strewn with debris.
“Nothing against the [National Weather Service], but this caught us off guard,” said Freeborn County Sheriff Kurt Freitag. “We didn't know this was coming.”
When it was over, the powerful 80-mile-per-hour straight-line winds toppled trees and power poles, and turned a metal barn into shards of deadly missiles.
“Take a look at all these sheets of tin. All of them have sharp edges, very sharp corners,” Freitag said.
A turkey barn east of Geneva, owned by the Larry Schultz family, had just been filled with 7,400 baby birds. After the storm, only a handful were found alive.
Cindy Schultz, her mother and 13-year-old son were giving the only days-old turkey chicks around-the-clock care.
“They have a camper here that they camp out because you to be here with the birds day in and day out for the first two weeks minimum, you know, to make sure that they survive,” said family friend Caris Maloney.
The mother and daughter were seriously hurt when the camping trailer was rolled over and crushed. They were transported to Rochester where they remain hospitalized. Luckily, the teenage boy escaped with minor injuries.
To help out, friends gathered up personal belongings and the few living chicks they could find. What had filled an entire barn could now be held in a pail. A family's entire season of turkeys was gone in an instant.
But the true miracle is that a family survived.
“That's really hard, that's numbing. It's very numbing to be out there, to think that they were, that's really hard,” Maloney said.
Electricity to the town of Geneva has been restored. Crews are working Wednesday to get service back to other areas east of there.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bathroom pump Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Grundfos, Waterway, Aquaflow, EBARA, CNP, Shimge.
The report begins with introducing the global Bathroom pump market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bathroom pump report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bathroom-pump-market/5893/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bathroom pump Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: SPA pump, Pool pump, Toilet pump.
Bathroom pump Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Bathtub, Spa bath, swimming pool.
Key points in the Bathroom pump Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bathroom-pump-market/5893/#inquiry
From all of this Bathroom pump market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bathroom pump market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bathroom pump distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Deering's Memorial Field will be the place to be Saturday, Aug. 26, as Portland and Deering meet in a first-ever alumni soccer game following the Casco Bay Cup.
When Portland and Deering meet on the gridiron Thanksgiving Day, fans pay attention, regardless of the teams' records.
Two Portland High seniors, Aaron Hoekstra and Sam Mermin, now hope to produce the same kind of excitement on the pitch and have helped organize a first-ever Portland versus Deering alumni boys' soccer game which will be contested Saturday, Aug. 26 at 6:15 p.m. at Deering's Memorial Field.
The game will be preceded by the sixth annual Casco Bay Cup round-robin tournament between the Portland, Deering and Waynflete varsity boys' teams, which begins at 2 p.m.
Hoekstra and Mermin advanced the idea as part of their Senior Capstone project.
“We hope it will become a yearly tradition,” Mermin said. “We picked soccer because it's an international game and brings the community together. We want it to become like the Thanksgiving Day football game.”
“I like the idea that people new to the city can get involved,” Hoekstra said. “Everyone knows soccer and it's popular with the immigrant community.”
Portland and Deering are fierce rivals on the pitch. A year ago, the Bulldogs upset the Rams in the Class A South quarterfinal en route to a trip to the regional final. While Hoekstra and Mermin are hoping to enjoy another deep playoff run this fall, they are first helping to spread the word about the alumni game.
“We're getting real refs so the game won't get too rowdy,” said Hoekstra.
“We hope the game becomes a big tradition and I'd love to play in the game in the future,” Mermin said.
The boys said that the initial alumni game will be a boys' game only, but if it takes off, a girls' contest could be added in the future.
Sports Editor Michael Hoffer can be reached at mhoffer@theforecaster.net. Follow him on Twitter: @foresports.
LONDON May 2 Euro zone manufacturers began the second quarter at a blistering pace, increasing activity at the fastest rate for six years as demand remained strong despite rising prices, a survey showed on Tuesday.
IHS Markit's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for the euro zone jumped to 56.7 in April from March's 56.2, reaching its highest level since April 2011. The figure was one tick down from a preliminary reading of 56.8.
An index measuring output, which feeds into a composite PMI due on Thursday, also climbed further above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction. It registered a six-year high of 57.9, up from March's 57.5.
"Euro zone manufacturers reported buoyant business conditions in April, signalling an encouragingly solid start to the second quarter," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit.
"The latest survey readings indicate that manufacturing is growing at an annual rate of approximately 4-5 percent, which should make a significant contribution to overall economic growth."
Growth in the currency bloc will be steady but modest in the coming year, an April Reuters poll of economists showed, although that forecast was partly contingent on independent candidate Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidency next weekend.
Increasing demand came despite factories raising prices at the second-fastest rate in nearly six years. The output price index dipped last month to 55.4 from 55.6.
Signs that the years of ultra-loose monetary policy are paying off, with solid growth and inflationary pressures, will be welcomed by the European Central Bank.
Official data last week showed inflation rose more than expected in April, returning to the ECB's target, and a Reuters poll suggested the central bank's move would be to tighten policy.
- Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from
Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
The Obama administration's crony green subsidy scandal is erupting like a solar flare in Washington. But do you know what your kids are learning in their environmental education classes about this red-hot taxpayer eco-scam? Chances are, not much.
Instead, the Energy Department and the Democratic apparatchiks at the National Education Association are disseminating solar power propaganda masquerading as math and science curricula.
Titled “Solar Power and Me: The Inherent Advantages,” the lesson plan for middle-school and high-school students directs them to “take note of how solar energy is incorporated into the infrastructure of various cities nationwide and write a short essay about how they would encourage solar energy use in their own town.”
A worksheet labeled “All About Solar!” makes the blanket assertion that solar technologies are “a sound economical choice as they can reduce or eliminate exposure to rising electricity rates, or even eliminate one's need to pay an electrical bill! In addition, solar panels can be a smart long-term investment, with many solar vendors offering 20- to 30-year warranties on their products.”
The only warranties worth anything from bankrupt, half-billion-dollar solar company Solyndra Inc. are the warranties on the Disney whistling robots and saunas that adorned its Taj Mahal headquarters. But I digress.
Another worksheet cheerleads the “financial savings” of “solar power and me” and coaches students to “imagine you live in amazing and sunny Anaheim, CA, where the combination of local and federal rebates covers 74 percent of your total cost of a solar panel system!” The exercise then entices the student to take out a 20-year loan on a new solar-panel system to produce even greater illusory savings.
Yet another question-and-answer key reads: “How would switching to solar energy affect energy use at your home and school?” Answer: “In general, switching to solar energy would lower your home's electrical costs and reduce your emissions, thus saving money and improving the environment.”
But as Brian McGraw of the free-market Competitive Enterprise Institute points out: “There might be a small niche market, but solar energy is still largely incapable of producing reliable electricity at rates that are even in the ballpark of cost competitiveness compared to coal or natural gas.” Energy Secretary Steven Chu, the force behind billions of dollars worth of rushed green energy loans overseen by deep-pocketed Obama bundlers, himself acknowledged that solar tech will need to improve five-fold before it even begins to have a cost-competitive shot.
After examining decades worth of failed subsidized solar efforts at home and around the world, the Institute for Energy Research concludes: “Although stand-alone solar power has a certain free-market niche and does not need government favor, using solar power for grid electricity has been and will be an economic loser for ratepayers and a burden to taxpayers.”
The DOE/NEA curriculum encourages students to pressure politicians to pour more money into supposedly underfunded green-energy schemes. But the House Budget Committee recently reported: “The president's stimulus law alone included tens of billions in new government subsidies for politically favored renewable-energy interests: $6 billion in loan guarantees for renewable energy investments; $17 billion for the Department of Energy's energy efficiency and renewable energy programs; $2 billion for energy-efficient battery manufacturing; and billions more on other ‘clean-energy' programs for a total of $80 billion. Two years later, the president's promise of millions of jobs stands in stark contrast with reality.”
A more useful homework assignment would be to have these future taxpayers calculate how much their moms and dads are spending to prop up President Barack Obama's green-jobs industry and its elite Democratic campaign finance donors/investors. The White House projected 65,000 new jobs from nearly $40 billion in green-job stimulus spending. Instead, fewer than 3,600 jobs were created. Get out your calculators, kids: That's $4.85 million per job. Investor's Business Daily crunches the numbers further on the taxpayers' return on its DOE green loan guarantee “investments” and finds that the program will cost a whopping $23 million per job.
A separate NEA solar-energy lesson plan marketed with Dow Corning teaches fifth- through eighth-graders “how solar panels work.” A more apt, real-world lesson would teach them how they don't work. The myth that this alternative-energy source “pays for itself” is busted with just a cursory glance at the Denver Museum of Nature & Science.
Obama staged a photo-op on the facility's solar-panel roof in 2009 when he signed the green jobs goodie-stuffed stimulus law. The museum refused to disclose electric bills before and after installation of the solar array. But after digging into the lavishly taxpayer-funded project, the Colorado-based Independence Institute discovered that the panels — which last only 25 years — wouldn't “pay for themselves” until the year 2118, more than a century from now.
It's elementary. The government shouldn't be in the business of picking any eco-winners or losers. “Too Green to Fail” redistributes wealth from viable private projects to pipe dreams, forces higher taxes and energy costs on everyone, and rewards partisan funders at public expense. Teach your children well. They're inheriting the bill.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Click here for more information. She can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow her on Twitter: @michellemalkin.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defense.
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 percent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense (37.7 percent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot he attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and he swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 percent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
The Orange, who had to work hard for every shot, got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half.
The good feeling was short-lived. Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds, and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left.
Diakite matched his season high with 12 points.
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting (48.9 percent).
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles.
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams, notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes. The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Virginia: Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference. No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses. The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State, Miami, Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame.
Syracuse: The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration, with games still on the schedule against No. 4 Duke, No. 19 North Carolina and No. 20 Clemson. Last season, the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none. Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play, and that came against last-place Pittsburgh, which is winless in 10 conference games.
Mom's Choice Awards® is pleased to announce the latest products & services to earn our distinction. The products & services you see here have been rigorously evaluated by consumers & experts around the world & are held to the highest standards.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Books
* Awards
* Apps Industry:
* Education Location:
* Chesapeake - Virginia - US Subject:
* Awards
Media Contact
Mom's Choice Awards®
media@momschoiceawards.com
7574109409 Mom's Choice Awards®7574109409
End
--Mom's Choice Awards® is pleased to announce the latest products and services to earn our distinction. The products and services you see here have been rigorously evaluated by consumers and experts around the world and are held to the highest standards of excellence.*** January Highlights ***Your nursery isn't complete until you have one of these award-winning, innovative baby monitors. Choose from either of these monitors by. Theis a fully equipped baby monitor complete with sound with 1080p HD Wi-Fi wireless video, 2-way audio speakers, smart alerts and sensors, music and a video feed. Theis more than just a monitor, it's a total care system that is fully engineered with smart features including an app for your phone!is an inexhaustible app that will help your child to develop and progress through all the early stages of education. Each game is designed to make learning as natural and intuitive as possible by using fun subjects and original gameplay to draw him or her into a new world that will improve rational thinking, fine motor skills, breadth of knowledge and self-expression.Award-winning book,comes from a completely different perspective than any parenting book ever written before; from that of a mother and father looking back over their lives as parents after losing their only child in an accident; sharing the things they believe they did correctly as parents, as well as the regrets that often sneak up on them. Their desire is to share the lessons they've learned so you may apply them to living in the moment with your own children, especially through the chaos of daily life.Mom's Choice Awards® (MCA) evaluates products and services created for children, families, and educators. The program is globally recognized for establishing the benchmark of excellence in family-friendly media, products and services. The evaluation process uses a proprietary methodology in which entries are scored on a number of elements including production quality, design, educational value, entertainment value, originality, appeal and cost."Our aim is to introduce families and educators to best-in-class products and services," explains Dawn Matheson, Executive Director of the Mom's Choice Awards®. "We are passionate about helping families grow emotionally, physically and spiritually. fsbdt Parents and educators know that products and services bearing our seal of approval are high-quality, great value purchases. The MCA evaluation program is designed to incorporate the expertise of scientists, physicians and other specialists;but we also engage parents, children, educators, and caregivers because they are experts in knowing what is best for their families."This month, Mom's Choice Awards® has selected winners in the following categories:• Gear, Accessories & Personal Use• Educational Products & Electronic Learning• Apps and Software• Home / Mobile Audio & Viewing (Music, Storytelling, etc.)• Children's Picture Books• Juvenile Level 2 (Ages 9 to 12)• Adult BooksTo see the full list of December 2017 award-winning products, please view the full media release here: https://www.momschoiceawards.com/ pr-january-2018/? utm_source=prlog&utm_medium= pr&utm_campaign= prlog_mcarelease
Global ginger processing market experienced a significant growth in recent years. The growth is induced by an increased demand for ginger products which are used across several industries for diverse applications.
Request sample of the report: http://www.imarcgroup.com/request?type=report&id=520&flag=B
Ginger is a commercial crop which is considered as one of the essential spices in different culinary traditions across the world. It offers a sharp, spicy and peppery flavour, along with a pungent aroma. This is due to the presence of ketones, especially the gingerols which represent the main bioactive compound in ginger. These properties make ginger a preferred ingredient for a wide range of applications in many industries such as food and beverage, meat canning, confectionary, tobacco processing, soap making, etc. The latest report by IMARC Group titled, “Ginger Processing Market: Global Industry Trends, Share, Size, Growth, Opportunity and Forecast 2017-2022”, finds that the global ginger market reached a value of nearly US$ 2 Billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of around 10% during 2008-2016.
Highlights of the global ginger processing market:
Ginger oil and ginger powder are the most widely consumed ginger products in the commercial market.
It is used across several industries such as food, pharmaceuticals and cosmetics.
China represents the largest market, accounting for the majority of the share.
Ginger is rich source of vitamins A, C, E and B-complex, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, silicon, sodium, iron, zinc, calcium and beta-carotene. As a result of this, it helps in providing several health benefits such as controlling diabetes, preventing cancer, fighting cold & flu, treating morning sickness, promoting heart health, and reducing muscle and menstrual pain. This has contributed majorly in influencing the demand for ginger, thereby providing thrust to its market growth. Further, the market is expected to reach a value of more than US$ 3 Billion by 2022.
Ginger processing is an important practice in the food processing industry. Processed ginger is available in two different forms in the commercial market – ginger powder and ginger oil. Ginger powder is used in a wide array of applications as a condiment in salad dressings, tomato ketchups, sauces, pickles, gravies, meat sausages, curry dishes, etc. Along with this, it is also used in herbal medicines as it is an excellent carminative herb which helps to relax the gastrointestinal muscles and reduce flatulence. Ginger oil, on the other hand, is used as a flavouring agent for beverages, confectionery and perfumes.
Browse full reportt with TOC: http://www.imarcgroup.com/ginger-processing-plant
The market is segmented on the basis of end-use. Some of the major key application areas of ginger processing are food industry, pharmaceutical industry and cosmetic industry. The market is also segmented on a regional basis and includes China, India, Nepal, Thailand, Nigeria and Indonesia. Amongst these, China represents the largest market, accounting for the majority of the share. China is followed by India, Nepal and Thailand. An analysis of the competitive landscape provides the details of the key players operative in the market.
The report has examined the global ginger processing market on the basis of:
Key Regions:
China
India
Nepal
Thailand
Nigeria
Indonesia
Market by End-Use:
Food Industry
Pharmaceutical Industry
Cosmetic Industry
Browse more reports related to food & beverages industry: http://www.imarcgroup.com/categories/food-beverages-market-reports
About Us
IMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide. We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their businesses.
IMARC's information products include major market, scientific, economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical, industrial, and high technology organizations. Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and tourism, nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company's expertise.
Contact Us
IMARC Group
USA: +1-631-791-1145
Email: sales@imarcgroup.com
Website: http://www.imarcgroup.com
Follow us on Twitter: @imarcglobal
Sometimes, hitting a major birthday can be a milestone, a turning point in one's life.
We've all heard of the old "life begins at 40" adage" and there are many people who dread turning 30, fearing that they are leaving their wilder days behind them and having to finally do sensible and serious things like buying homes, babies and marriage.
Scots singer Amy Macdonald, who is hitting the highways and byways of Britain for her latest tour, has just notched up that 30th milestone.
So was it a reason to celebrate or comiserate?
"Turning 30 wasn't a big deal for me at all," she said. "In fact, It sort of brought an end to my first ten years in the business very neatly.
"It is ten years since my first album and just after my birthday, I found out that my sales have reached twelve million worldwide - so my memories of turning 30 are extremely happy!"
Her fourth album Under Stars was released earlier this year.
Amy is hoping for more of that happiness when she arrives in our region on November 5. She'll be appearing at Scunthorpe's Baths Hall in support of her fourth and latest album Under Stars - a quite appropriate title seeing as outside the venue, the skies will be filled with the bright lights of Bonfire Night.
She's understandably pleased with the album which was released to great critical acclaim earlier this year.
"I'm looking forward to getting out there and playing live again," she said.
"The new tour is an acoustic tour - I've done so many shows over the years where I've done a little acoustic set and it has always gone down so well I wanted to expand on that."
"Playing songs acoustically means interpreting and playing them in a whole different way, so the process of rehearsing and getting ready can often be a lot more complex than an ordinary tour.
"For me, acoustic shows have a magical feeling. Smaller, intimate venues and a chance to play songs that mean something to me and the people listening to them. I'm really looking forward to it."
Since first bursting onto the music scene back in 2007 with songs such as Mr Rock 'n' Roll and This Is The Life, the Bishopbriggs-born star has enjoyed worldwide success and met with the approval of critics across the globe.
She's rubbed shoulders with Ellen DeGeneres in the US, played a string of festivals, appeared on TV countless times and enjoyed number ones internationally.
And she's also worked alongside Kinks legend Ray Davies, is engaged to Scottish Premier League footballer Richard Foster and has collected a clutch of awards.
Not bad for a wee Scots lassie who heard Travis performing their song Turn at T In The Park in 2000 and decided that she'd like to play it herself and so ended up teaching herself to play her dad's guitar at the age of 12.
But the trappings of fame don't come without some drawbacks.
The fiercely proud Glasgow girl and a fan of Rangers, is no longer able to attend games at her beloved football club - especially Old Firm derbies against the club's deadly city rivals Celtic.
She said: "I tend to stay away from the Old Firm games, they tend to be a little bit crazy. It is difficult to go to places like that, because people can recognise you and it can become a bit uncomfortable."
The schedule of touring and soundchecking also means she doesn't get much beyond the venue she's playing at - which can be another frustration.
"Sometimes you are at the venue from 8am but not actually on stage until 9pm so there's a lot of waiting around. But you are needed for setting up and the soundcheck so It's difficult to go anywhere. I grab a coffee and go for a quick wander around and that's about it!"
But she wouldn't have it any other way.
She's looking forward to getting out there once again and presenting her new album as well as the rich collection of guitar folk-tinged classics from her impressive back catalogue.
"People seem really excited and we're really looking forward to it.
"It should be a really great atmosphere We'll be playing some of my best-loved songs - it will be a mix of all four of my albums, so there will be something for everyone."
Of her latest album Under Stars, she said: "It's been about 2 and a half years in the making which is the longest I've ever taken with an album. At the time I wanted things to happen quicker but now that it's finished I'm glad we've taken the time; it feels like it's had the TLC that it deserves.”
Amy added: “I feel so proud of the songs and am so pleased with the record. There are so many incredible moments and I really feel this record features some of my best work. I'm excited to finally share it with my fans and I believe there is so much that will also appeal to new fans."
* Amy Macdonald plays Scunthorpe Baths Hall on November 5. Tickets are on sale now at http://www.amymacdonald.co.uk/
Eat popcorn with chopsticks!
Many of us get bored with our daily routines, our jobs, with the food we eat or the movies we watch. But by performing old activities in unusual and new ways, we can rediscover lost enjoyments. That's the result of a recent study by researchers at the American universities of Ohio State and Chicago.
The study participants were asked to eat popcorn with chopsticks, drink water in a fun manner or watch a movie in an unconventional way. The results showed that doing old things in new ways makes them more exciting and refreshing.
"When you eat popcorn with chopsticks, you pay more attention and you are more immersed in the experience," explains Robert Smith, co-author of the study. "It's like eating popcorn for the first time."
So, get creative! Maybe drink water from a martini glass, move your furniture around or eat your salad with chopsticks instead of a fork.
Increasingly, medicinal residues are found in wastewater and freshwater around the world. Do your bit and don't throw medicines into the toilet!
The toilet: No place for expired medicines!
In recent years, studies have increasingly shown that wastewater around the world contains large amounts of medicinal residues. Most of these medicines have been excreted, but some end up in wastewater because people throw their old tablets and liquid medications into the toilet.
A vast majority of medications recently found in German wastewater treatment plants are painkillers, antibiotics and blood pressure medicines. In 2017, researchers found large amounts of neuropsychiatric drugs, including antidepressants, in unfiltered wastewater and freshwater in the US state of New York.
Not only are these residues potentially harmful for humans, they can also greatly affect animal and plant life. A recent European study, for example, found high concentrations of hormones from contraceptive pills in various mountain lakes. The researchers found high infertility and mortality rates amongst the male fish in these lakes, showing that they were greatly affected by the residues.
Countries are now working to increase the effectiveness of their treatment plants. Old medicines should not be thrown into the toilet, but rather discarded with the standard household waste.
A new blood test might be the solution to many treatment problems
New blood test reads inner clock
For the first time ever, researchers can read a person's inner clock using a single blood test. With the help of special computer algorithms, a team at Berlin's Charité university hospital isolated twelve genes. Found in the blood, these biomarkers allow them to objectively read an individual's inner clock.
Everyone has their own inner clock, which is different from person to person. Some people may be "night owls," whereas others are more likely to be "early birds." This is especially important for determining the best time of day to take certain medicines.
The process is called chronotherapy, and in the future, the researchers hope they can develop a more personalized approach to chronotherapy. This would mean that the time of day in which patients take certain medications would be determined by their inner clock. Consequently, the efficacy of medicines would increase, and side effects could be minimized.
FUTURE IS HERE: Design consultant Hassell won the tender for detailed designs of the CBD revitalisation project.
FUTURE IS HERE: Design consultant Hassell won the tender for detailed designs of the CBD revitalisation project. Contributed
A NEW town square with free wi-fi, widened footpaths for dining and a "water plaza” are part of a $16 million plan to revitalise Bundaberg's city centre.
Bundaberg Regional Council announced last month that award-winning design studio Hassel would provide conceptual and detailed designs for the CBD Revitalisation Project.
Now the council and Hassell have created a website, which will serve as a hub of information during the course of the project to create a more pedestrian-friendly environment.
The website reveals Hassell's design will revitalise three city blocks and three cross streets with a smart-city design, according to Bundaberg Mayor Jack Dempsey.
GRAND PLAN: Hassell's plans for the CBD include a new park (1) at the Targo St intersection, "sunset cloud plazas” (2) and a "water plaza” (3) at the Tantitha St intersection. Jim Alouat
"This can include technology that is app driven to enable motorists to locate parks through to sensors fitted to CBD rubbish bins to provide an on-demand collection,” Cr Dempsey said.
The Bourbong and Barolin Sts intersection will keep the Anzac cenotaph and post office building, but revamp the surrounding area by replacing the small roundabout with a large 1000sq m public place that Hassell says will become Bundaberg's new civic "town square”.
The town square will provide shaded seating areas, turf to lounge and free wi-fi.
A broad shady streetscape will connect the Barolin St northbound from Bourbong St to Quay St, with an upgrade of Brag Park.
The Bourbong and Targo Sts intersection will be redesigned as a central park with contemporary shelters developed with full cyclone ratings.
Labelled the "Retreat and Relax” precinct, it replaces the existing hot, inaccessible water fountain roundabout with a deeply shaded new public place.
The Bourbong and Tantitha Sts intersection will be converted into a "water plaza” encompassing a sloped lounging lawn encircling the shallow water zone.
TIME GONE BY: Bourbong St in the middle of last century. Pictures Bundaberg
Barolin, Targo and Tantitha Sts will become one-way streets from Bourbong St towards Quay St.
Hassell says its design will provide a "comfortable people and parking balance”, with wide streetscape dining footpaths together with equal parking and amenity opportunity for both sides of the street.
The company says it believes Bourbong St can become a great main street that the city can be proud of.
"The CBD revitalisation design will change the way residents, workers and tourists experience the CBD,” Hassell said.
"It will increase usage, encourage people to stay that little bit longer and provide a uniquely Bundaberg experience.”
Cr Dempsey said the website provided access to a survey available to any member of the community to visit and express their views and suggestions.
The project is expected to be completed by the middle of 2019.
Visit cbd.bundaberg.qld.gov.au for more information.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Can't find a way to get your children to eat their greens?
Dawn Russell, the creator of the 8Greens, a tablet supplement packed with eight powerful green health foods including kale, spinach, chlorella, blue green algae, spirulina, aloe vera, wheatgrass and barley grass, appeared live on Good Morning America to share her expert tips for how parents can sneak nutrient-dense foods into their children's favorite foods.
Russell is the author of a new cookbook, which she says is simply a collection of recipes that she makes for her family and that they love. In addition, they all contain her 8Greens superfood tablets for added nutrition.
Russell, a mother of two, said she was inspired to re-prioritize her health and learn more about nutrition after she was diagnosed with Stage III lymphatic cancer at the age of 25.
She said that she believes nutrition is the building block to true health.
“The 8Greens Cookbook: The Simple Way to Get Your Greens” is currently available in bookstores nationwide.
Here are four of Russell's simple and kid-friendly recipes that are both delicious and good for your body:
1. Turkey meatballs recipe: Russell said this healthy meatball variation is also a blast to make, especially for little kids.
2. 8Greens red sauce recipe: This is a modified version of one of a red sauce recipe given to Russell by an Italian friend. She says it is one of her 3-year-old son's favorite foods and is perfect with pasta, meatballs and chicken.
3. 8Greens banana bread: This family-favorite recipe that Russell said was given to her by “the cook in a beautiful English castle who is extremely private about her recipes.” Adding the dissolved 8Greens tablets can help you feel less guilty about indulging in this delicious sweet loaf.
4. 8Greens brownies, chocolate chip cookies or crepes recipes: While Russell admits that chefs “will growl” at her advocating the use of premade brownie, cookie, or pancake mix, she said this is a good option for busy moms. Adding the 8Greens to the mixes, however, can help give them a nutritional boost without children even suspecting.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Irish Water is to expand the hosepipe ban in effect in the Greater Dublin Area to cover all areas in the Republic from 8am on Friday.
The utility said worsening conditions require the ban to be in place at least until July 31, to help protect water supplies now and over the coming months.
Met Éireann said forecasts showed no significant rainfall is likely for at least a further week while the lack of rain over the last 30 days, means drought conditions are worsening.
The ban will apply to all domestic, public water supplies and commercial premises for non-commercial activities. Non- commercial activities include watering gardens attached to business premises, Irish Water said.
On average demand across all water resources nationally has increased by 15 per cent, a feature which Irish water said “ cannot be sustained for any period of time”.
In addition to the high demand, high levels of sunlight have caused significant evaporation in rivers, lakes and reservoirs. Irish Water said smaller groundwater supplies in particular may take many months to recover.
Shannon
Meanwhile Engineers Ireland has warned periodic water shortages will continue to worsen in the Greater Dublin Area unless water is piped from the Shannon.
In its State of Ireland 2018 - A Review of Infrastructure in Ireland report published on Wednesday the Engineers body said the State's water and flood-prevention measures were “ inadequately maintained, unable to meet peak demand and requiring significant investment”.
Caroline Spillane, chief executive of Engineers Ireland, said water shortages faced recently by thousands of households and businesses across the Dublin, eastern and midlands regions would continue to worsen unless plans to source water from the Shannon are delivered “as soon as possible”.
The project would have capacity to meet the needs of more than 40 per cent of the Irish population beyond 2050, she said. It would be the first major new water source in the region for more than 60 years.
Although the major focus of the report is on water and flooding, Engineers Ireland has also called for immediate upgrades in the areas of transport, energy, transport, communications and waste.
The report says major projects are needed to reduce water leakage from 44 per cent to about 35 per cent. According to the document, some 118 flood relief schemes must be built and new flood and forecasting warning systems are needed.
Engineers Ireland also warned of a looming skills crisis with a shortage of “engineers and other construction professionals [which is] risking our capacity to deliver critical infrastructure projects”.
Insights
The report is based on the insights of two expert advisory panels made up of 40 engineering experts, in conjunction with a survey of 1,000 chartered engineers across Ireland.
In terms of transport the report supports the building of the Eastern Bypass road for Dublin City linking the Dublin Tunnel to the N11, multi-point tolling on the M50, more Luas lines and park-and-ride facilities, Metrolink and additional incentives for users of electric vehicles.
In the communications sector the report recommends awarding the contract for the national broadband plan “without delay” and to implement plans for 5G mobile networks.
In terms of waste management, the report calls for more incineration capacity and prioritisation of waste treatment facilities in the State, including the capacity for anaerobic digestion and biological treatment.
In the energy sector the report calls for a “deep retrofit” of homes and public buildings to reduce energy demand and increase energy efficiency.
It also wants to see some 900,000 homes that are not connected to the gas network to convert to an appropriate electric heating solution.
SEATTLE (AP) — The second phase of a police body camera program put in place by former Seattle Mayor Ed Murray is set to kick in next week.
new Mayor Tim Burgess will maintain the program. Burgess says he strongly supports officers wearing body cameras.
The rollout began on July 22 with bike officers in the West Precinct.
The next phase of the plan requires all West Precinct patrol officers to do the same, starting September 30.
After that, SPD will be required to implement the cameras on a monthly, precinct-by-precinct basis until all patrol officers are wearing them.
The president of the Seattle Police Officers' Guild says the union's 1,300 officers will comply with that plan.
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – ASX-listed Peak Resources will raise A$6.3-million through a share placement to fund its Ngualla project costs, in Tanzania.
The company will issue 86-million shares in the first tranche of its share placement, priced at 4c a share, to raise an initial A$3.44-million. The first tranche placement will be made under Peak's existing capacity.
Advertisement
The second tranche of 71.5-million shares, which will raise an additional A$2.86-million, will be subject to shareholder approval.
“We experienced very strong interest from investors for this capital raising. The announcement last week from the Tanzanian government of the appointment of Tanzania's new Mining Commission, including the commission's chairperson and other appointees, is very timely, this means Tanzania is able to now process Peak's special mining licence application, and is a key development which we have been awaiting,” said Peak CEO Rocky Smith.
Advertisement
Funds from the placement will be used for Peak's share of the Ngualla project costs, and the Teesside refinery, including permitting and licence applications, as well as the costs associated with marketing and negotiating offtake and project financing, and to retire some debt, while also covering general operating expenses.
Ngualla is expected to deliver 32 700 t/y of mineral concentrate over its 26-year mine life.
Every October the budget comes along and we eagerly await what impact the Minister for Finance's pronouncements will have on our personal bottom line. But, while we listen carefully to what the minister says about the universal social charge and tax bands and rates, how many of us consider what impact a myriad of other indirect taxes – and levies – has on our disposable income? And how many of us equate that to a greater drain our disposable income?
Indirect taxes have been called stealth taxes and with good reason – we don't fully realise their impact.
Figures show that one in three Irish residents don't pay tax on their income: yet they pay indirect taxes on a host of other outgoings, including VAT on goods and services, excise on alcohol and fuel, as well as other charges such as property tax. In addition, levies on everything from health insurance to our electricity bills gift another chunk of our income to the State – often without us realising.
As Donal de Buitléir, a director of Public Policy, an economic think tank, notes, back in 2012 the government put up the rate of VAT from 21 per cent to 23 per cent, bringing in an estimated €670 million extra to the State's coffers. That was at a cost of about €140 a head, or about €394 for each household. And where were the protests for that move?
All these extra costs really add up and significantly increase your overall tax burden. Consider the example of a couple earning €100,000 jointly. If you look at income taxes alone, their effective tax rate is just 35.7 per cent. But when indirect taxes are added to the equation, the effective tax rate jumps to 46 per cent or 46.3 per cent when you include the impact of levies.
Income tax
It's the one we're all most used to thinking about as a tax – the tax we pay on our income. Of course it's not just income tax – we also pay the universal social charge and PRSI, which means the deductions add up.
A single person on a salary of €40,000 for example, will pay an effective tax rate of 22 per cent, giving up more than €8,000 in these three charges every year. A married couple, with two earners and a joint income of €100,000, will lose 36 per cent, or about €35,600 of their earnings every year.
Property tax
It's technically a tax on an asset but with this asset producing no income – unless you avail of the rent-a-room scheme – the tax liable on the asset comes out of your income stream.
If you own your own home, or even multiple homes, you'll be subject to property tax. Levied at a rate of 0.16 per cent on the value of your property, a homeowner in Co Galway with a house valued in the €200,000-€250,000 bands will pay an annual tax of €445. Someone in Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown local authority area on the other hand, with a property value of between €600,000-€650,000, will pay €956 a year.
Motor tax
If you own a car, you'll pay a handsome sum in motor tax every year to cover the cost of caring for roads, paying for Irish Water and anything else the government decides – the money collected goes into the local government fund rather than being set aside for specific road projects.
It brings in more than €1 billion each year for the State. How much you pay depends on what kind of car you have; if you have a low carbon-emissions car, you'll probably pay less than €200 a year but if you have an older car with a big engine, it could set you back as much as €1,809.
An electric Nissan Leaf will cost you €120 a year, while a Land Rover Discovery Sport costs €270.
Excise
If you like a tipple, you'll hand even more over to the State's coffers. With one of the highest duties on wine in Europe, for each bottle of wine purchased at a cost of €10, some €4.84 in excise duty goes to the exchequer, according to Publicpolicy.ie.
Given that a bottle of wine a week would not be an unusual rate of consumption in households across Ireland – if not too low – you could expect someone to hand over another €242 on the purchase of 50 bottles a year. Beer drinkers too also hand over a considerable sum, giving up €1.49 on a €5 pint.
For smokers, the burden on a pack of 20 cigarettes is also considerable. At a typical cost of €11 for a pack of 20, the State's take comes to 78 per cent, or €8.62. Based on an intake of 40 cigarettes a week, a smoker will pay a further €900 to the State each year.
If you drive, you'll also be losing more of your money on excise duties on fuel. A tank of diesel for a Ford Focus for example, might cost you €62.48 but of this some €38.03, or 61 per cent, goes to the State. If you fill your tank once a week, you'll lose another €1,977 to the State's coffers.
Television licence
If you have a television, you need a television licence. Available at an annual cost of €160 this is another indirect tax, going mainly to fund the national broadcaster, RTÉ.
The licence fee brings in about €178 million a year. If you watch a streaming service such as Netflix or even a TV service such as the RTÉ player on your computer or tablet, you don't currently need a TV licence although the Minister for Communications is once again considering a change to this position.
Cheque and bank card levies
If you have a bank account in this State it's likely you will also be paying tax on it. Cheque books, ATM cards, credit cards – they're all liable to stamp duty, levied at various rates. If you have a simple ATM card for example, you'll pay up to €2.50 a year on it (€0.12 a transaction); an ATM/debit card will set you back up to €5, while a charge of €30 a year applies to a credit card. The levy on cheque books is even more onerous; 50 cent for every cheque you write.
Over the course of a year, it would not be unusual for someone to give up €40 to the exchequer in debit card, credit card and cheque fees.
VAT
VAT is the biggest source of indirect taxation; it's levied on everything from televisions to shampoo and, in 2016, it brought in €12.4 billion for the exchequer.
Recently published census data shows that the population of Ireland is 4.76 million, with 1.7 million households. So, based on the total VAT take, we could estimate that individuals (including children) incur annual VAT bills of about €2,605; perhaps a better indicator is per household, which would give us a charge of a staggering €7,294 a year.
Obviously it depends on consumption – the more you spend, the more you pay – but it's a useful guide to the amount of money you can expect to hand over to Revenue in VAT.
Panel: What about levies?
It's not just indirect taxes that the unsuspecting public pay; a host of levies are also imposed on your income at every turn:
Electricity bill: €60.12 a year
The PSO or Public Service Obligation levy is a subsidy to support national policy objectives, including securing the energy supply and the use of renewable energy sources in electricity generation. Introduced in 2010, the levy is imposed at a rate of €5.01 each month.
Prescriptions: up to €25 a month
Since 2011, medical cardholders have paid a levy on each prescription of €2.50 an item, with a cap of €25 a month, up from 50 cent when it was first introduced.
Plastic bag: 1 bag a week = €11.44 a year
If a bag in the supermarket costs you 30 cent, 22 cent of this will go to the government, thanks to the levy on plastic bags which was first introduced at a rate of 15 cent a bag in 2002.
Life assurance policies: €110 a year
If you have a mortgage protection policy, life assurance cover, or simply a savings policy with a life assurer, you will have to pay 1 per cent of the value of this to the government in the form of a levy each year. This means for, example, that if you have all of the above, you could be forking out €110 to government each year (based on mortgage protection premium of €400; life assurance of €600; investments of €10,000) .
Health insurance levy: €444 a year
If you're one of the two million-plus people in Ireland who have private health insurance, you will also have paid the State a levy to cover the costs of “risk equalisation” – or compensating insurers with older, and therefore more expensive, members. The levy increased in April from €399 to €444, and to €148 per child, an increase of €14.
Non-life insurance levy: €50 a year
Thanks to a history of insurance failures, stretching back to the collapse of the PMPA insurance company in 1983, Irish consumers have long been paying extra for the cost of home and car insurance. While the original PMPA/ICI 2 per cent levy came to an end in 1992, it was replaced by a general 3 per cent levy, or stamp duty, on non-life insurance.
In addition, consumers are also paying a 2 per cent levy due to the failure of Quinn insurance, which was introduced in 2012 and may run until 2037. It brings in about €65 million a year.
So, a consumer with combined insurance policies costing €1,000 a year will incur a levy charge of about €50.
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act' - do you know who did it?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this.
HOTSPOT: According to the Queensland shark control program catch statistics, Bundaberg had 32 of the 207 tiger sharks caught in 2016.
IT'S no secret sharks live in the ocean.
What you might not know is that Bundaberg in the top three regions for tiger sharks based on number of sharks caught on local drum lines.
With the reef as their jungle, tigers are constantly on the prowl at Kellys Beach, which outranked Nielson Park and Bargara last year.
The striped shark is one of the largest predators beneath the water and second only to great whites for their man-eating tendencies.
While there hasn't been a shark attack in Bundaberg for many decades, if ever, that doesn't mean they aren't lurking.
According to the Queensland shark control program catch statistics, Bundaberg had 32 of the 207 tiger sharks caught in 2016.
FRENZY: Tiger sharks caught throughout Queensland last year. Mikayla Haupt
While Bundaberg's beaches had 32, Mackay topped Queensland with 51 tigers, Townsville had 46, Cairns had 22, Rainbow Beach had 17, Sunshine Coast North had 11, Gold Coast had eight, Capricorn Coast had eight, Gladstone had six, as did North Stradbroke Island.
The majority of the Bundaberg tigers were caught off Kellys Beach.
Twenty of the 26 sharks caught on the drum lines at Kellys were tigers.
In April and May this year alone 12 sharks were captured - and seven were tigers.
National Geographic says the average size of the tropical and sub-tropical species is between 3m and 4.2m while they weigh 385-635kg - however, they have been recorded as heavy as 861kg.
Last year three monster tiger sharks were caught measuring more than 4m in length, one of which was found in Bundaberg waters.
The monster was caught off Kellys Beach on May 29.
It measured 4.09m.
The biggest shark caught in Bundaberg in the last decade was a 4.25m female tiger shark off Kellys Beach in 2007.
Shark Control Program manager Jeff Krause said there were natural fluctuations in shark numbers which were generally relative to local rainfall and available food sources.
"Shark catches have fluctuated over the past 10 years in Queensland, and vary between areas.”
BIG BITERS
Statistics on the number of shark catches made by the Queensland Shark Control Program between 2010 and 2016 in the Bundaberg region:
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — It's Valentine's Day, and if you're looking for a romantic evening, McDonald's has you covered.
From 5 til 7:30 p.m., the McDonald's in Monkey Junction and in Southport will host Valentine's Day candelight dinners. It's the 6th annual dinner for Southport, and the 3rd annual event for the Monkey Junction location.
Of course you want a little live entertainment, too. In Southport, they'll have live music, and you can dance.
The total number of hotel guests reached 9.6 million in 2015, versus 11.4 million guests in 2014, a decrease of 15.7%, according to the Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics (CAPMAS).
In its annual Statistical Bulletin of hotel activity and tourist villages in 2015, CAPMAS stated that the total number of hotels, tourist villages, and floating hotels also decreased to 1,057 hotels in 2015 compared to 1,124 hotels in 2014—a decrease of 6%.
The bulletin explained that the number of private hotels reached 974, accounting for 92% of all hotels, while government-owned hotels stood at 23, accounting for 2.2%. The public business sector was found to own nine hotels, representing 0.9% of all hotels.
The total number of privately-owned floating hotels stood at 48 hotels (40.5%), while the public sector owned only three hotels.
The number of rooms reached 109,000 rooms in 2015 compared to 127,000 rooms in 2014—a decrease of 14.3%. The private sector accounted for 93% of the rooms, followed by the public sector with 3.1% of rooms, then government hotels with 1.3%, private floating hotels with 2.4%, and public floating hotels with 0.1% in 2015.
The total number of beds reached 204,000 in 2015 compared to 235,000 beds in 2014, down 13.2%, of which 92.9% were in hotels and tourist villages in the private sector, 2.6% in the public sector, 1.8% in government hotels, 2.5% in private floating hotels, and 0.1% in public floating hotels.
Meanwhile, the total number of guests reached 8.9 million in 2015. CAPMAS stated that 91.6% of guests stayed in hotels and tourist villages of the private sector, 637,800 guests (6.6%) at public business hotels, 78,000 (0.8%) at governmental hotels, 93,600 (1%) at private floating hotels, and 3,400 (0.04%) at public floating hotels.
Moreover, the total number of nights' accommodation for guests reached 26.4 million nights in 2015 compared to 41.3 million nights in 2014, a decrease of 35.9%.
The number of accommodation nights reached 24.8 million nights (93.8%) at hotels and tourist villages of the private sector, 968,000 nights (3.7%) at public sector hotels, 336,000 (1.3%) at governmental hotels, 332,000 nights (1.2%) at private sector floating hotels, and 11,000 nights (0.04%) at public floating hotels.
National says it will reinstate the three-strikes rule if it gets into power and reverse any changes the Government makes to bail or sentencing laws.
Justice Minister Andrew Little said yesterday he would take a proposal to repeal the controversial three strikes law to Cabinet when it meets in 10 days.
That was part of "modest" package of policies which would be followed by more comprehensive reform of the criminal justice system.
Other measures proposed by Little included greater use of home detention for sentences of less than two years, and restoring the Sentencing Council to provide consistency in sentencing across the country.
Advertisement
National's justice spokesman Mark Mitchell said today that if his party was in Government in 2020 it would reverse the repeal of the three-strikes regime.
It would also reverse any changes to sentencing and bail laws "which will see more serious, violent offenders on the street".
An Act Party policy that was adopted by the National-led Government in 2010, three strikes ensured that third-time offenders who committed violent or sexual offences received the maximum sentence and no parole.
Mitchell said it had been an effective policy, and cited Ministry of Justice figures which showed there had been a 4.9 per cent reduction in first-strike offences and a 34 per cent reduction in second-strike offences since the law change.
National plans to target Winston Peters on law on order issues when he becomes Acting Prime Minister next month.
Peters' party NZ First has taken a harder stance on criminal justice issues than Labour and has campaigned for three strikes in the past.
It would be a "deep betrayal" of NZ First supporters to scrap the three-strikes regime, Mitchell said.
"For decades Winston Peters has been a champion for the three-strikes policy requiring tougher sentences for violent offenders.
"He needs to reassure the country that under his leadership the three-strikes law will not be repealed and our bail laws won't be weakened."
Little yesterday called three strikes a "gimmick".
"There's not much that three strikes does that can't be done in existing sentencing legislation."
His reforms aim to reduce the prison population by 30 per cent within 15 years.
An elderly woman with dementia has been the victim of a "disgusting" daylight mugging, having her handbag stolen while walking down a suburban street.
The daughter-in-law of the woman is urging people to be aware - this is the second handbag-snatching incident in three months.
Diane Van den Akker was "disgusted" to hear her mother-in-law, who suffers from dementia, was mugged last Friday while walking down Marguerita St.
Therese Shortall lives in the Glenbrae Arvida Retirement facility nearby and often walks to and from the bus stop on her own.
Advertisement
"She doesn't really remember it, which in a sense is a good thing, but she does have pretty bad bruising up her arm," Van den Akker said.
A neighbour reported the incident to Rotorua police, saying two young women pulled over their car before one got out and snatched the handbag off Shortall's arm.
"She's a tiny little thing, with a walking stick," Van den Akker said.
"I just couldn't believe they would do that to someone on purpose."
Van den Akker said when she spoke to the rest home she discovered her mother wasn't the only one to have been approached or robbed.
As reported in the Rotorua Daily Post at the time, two young women stole a handbag from an elderly woman walking on Fenton St in April.
"To be preying on the older people is something else, especially to know this is women.
"I think they're just looking at opportune moments."
She said Shortall couldn't remember the incident but she certainly hadn't mentioned catching the bus again.
"She's finding things really hard at the moment, it's been such a shock, I think her dementia is actually worse."
Shortall told the Rotorua Daily Post it had been difficult having all her cards and her chequebook taken.
Glenbrae Arvida Retirement and Care manager Maria Jay said she had delivered a letter to the residents letting them know what happened.
"There are some sad people out there who do target our elderly and certainly when we delivered the letters, people were already aware and do take precautions."
She said residents were careful not to wearing bags over their shoulders and were particular with the type of wallets they chose.
"It is really sad they have to be so vigilant.
"We are supporting them to live the life they want to live and people are taking advantage of that.
"Our residents will still be catching the bus and going out for walks."
Rotorua police area prevention manager Inspector Brendon Keenan said there had been similar incidents before.
"Anyone that's vulnerable is open to this opportunist-type offending.
"It's not good at all, these are often the people in our community we want to protect the most."
Keenan said it helped for people to travel together but he knew that wasn't always possible.
"It's also important to conceal items, don't make your bag too visible, use pockets or smaller bags."
Lottery winners could be swapping their multi-million pound prizes for a lifetime monthly payout of £10,000 in a possible new shake up to increase ticket sales.
Expected to launch in 2019, the new prize system will aim to attract more gamblers after Lottery operator Camelot announced a drop in last year's players.
The news comes it was revealed this week that Nigel Railton would take over as UK CEO of Camelot.
Railton said: “Some people don't want big jackpots, they want financial stability to pay more of the mortgage or educate the children.”
Since its launch in 1994 The National Lottery has created more than 4,750 millionaires or multi-millionaires and awarded over £65 billion in prizes.
Camelot said in a statement: “Given the growing number of players who dream of long-term financial security rather than big jackpots, Camelot will explore ways of satisfying this demand with an annuity-style game.”
Camelot is also expected to introduce a Tuesday Thunderball in 2018 which will issue small but more frequent wins for players.
However Lottery expert Professor Ian Walker, from Lancaster University, said: “It's wishful thinking that this will turn around falling sales.”
OGC performs in Montreal, two athletes headed to Columbia
The Okanagan Gymnastics Centre's trampoline athletes had a strong showing at the Canada Cup for in Montreal.
The event, which is limited to national-level gymnasts, is a trial event for the World Championships and World Age Groups.
On the mens' side, Travis Towers of Vernon finished 9th in Level 6 Under 17 trampoline, while Andrew Martin finished 15th in Senior Men's trampoline.
On the ladies' side, Taya Lawless finished 8th on Level 5 17+ double mini trampoline and 17th in Level 5, 17+ individual trampoline, while Emily Welsh finished 10th in Level 6, 17+ trampoline, and Jordyn Yendley finished in 2nd place on junior double mini trampoline and 4th on trampoline.
Following the Canada Cup, Jordan Yendley, Andrew Martin and their coach, Jamie Gardner are headed to Medellin, Columbia to represent Team Canada at the 2018 Pacific Rim Championships.
If you know an athlete or gymnast who would like to join the team at Okanagan Gymnastics Centre, the Centre will also be holding trampoline and tumbling team tryouts on June 10 from 10 a.m to 11:30 a.m.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe
A retired doctor who spent years treating drug addiction says he has seen the healing powers of a psychedelic plant that a Vancouver Island man was studying in Peru before he was killed by a mob that blamed him for a shaman's death.
Dr. Gabor Mate said ayahuasca grows in the jungle and is brewed with other plants into a thick concoction people drink at ceremonies in countries such as Peru, Costa Rica and Brazil.
The drug is illegal in Canada. Health Canada said in a statement that ayahuasca is a controlled substance that is considered to have no medical benefit.
Mate said the hallucinogenic medicine is used as part of ancient aboriginal practices to help people tap into childhood trauma with support from a leader, and he has seen its power at work in Peru, and Costa Rica, from where he returned two weeks ago after facilitating ceremonies involving the plant.
“I've known people whose addiction has stopped,” he said, adding he has worked with ayahuasca for 10 years. “I know people who've recovered from medical diseases that otherwise they got little help for. I know a woman who tried to kill herself 17 times, who is no longer suicidal.
“It's not like a drug you give to somebody. It's more that it opens up portals into yourself, understanding self in a new way and having a deeper vision of reality. It's that understanding of the self and a clearer view of reality that helps you heal.”
RELATED: Vancouver Island man killed in Peru
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe, who had travelled to the Amazon rain forest to study hallucinogenic medicine. Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe's body to determine whether he had any involvement in the death of Olivia Arevalo, an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in northeastern Peru.
A Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research study published in 2013 in Canadian Drug Abuse Reviews says ayahuasca-assisted therapy delivered in 2011 in a B.C. rural First Nations community experiencing substance use appeared to show improvements in outlook, hopefulness and empowerment and that more research was warranted.
Mark Haden, adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia's school of population and public health, said the plant helps people gain insight and works toward healing but problems occur in impoverished communities where shamans aren't accountable.
“I think psychedelic drugs should be legalized in Canada and North America within a context that allows for people to experience psychedelic medicines in a supervised setting and the supervisors need to be part of an accountable professional body,” said Haden, who is also executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies.
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress. He said many of the illicit drug users he treated in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood.
The ayahuasca concoction isn't a take-home remedy and isn't for people with a history of psychosis, mania, seizures or heart issues, Mate said, adding he couldn't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe's death, but alcohol and stimulants, such as crystal meth, are more apt to cause violence.
“I've participated in multiple ceremonies and I've seen the occasional person freak out, but rarely. I know people who've done or led hundreds, maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence.”
RELATED: Peruvian authorities arrest two suspects in killing of Vancouver Island man
In December 2015, a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours' drive from where Woodroffe was killed. The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife, leading the Canadian to fatally stab him in what British authorities later determined was self-defence.
Mate said that a decade ago, he led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who'd experienced multigenerational trauma.
Health Canada told him he would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant, but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars.
“It's a completely different entity,” he said of the plant. ”What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience.”
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant.
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca, Alta., said she went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where she again drank ayahuasca.
“It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy. I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was,” she said.
Nelson, 45, said she also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome, a neuromuscular disorder.
“When I ingested the plant, it brought up emotion in me that I'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood,” she said.
The Canadian Press
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg.
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG9
ONE of Pacific Tug's more powerful boats pulled into Bundy briefly before continuing on its way to Sydney today.
Indee, is a Z-Tech 2800 tugs with more than double the pull needed to meet the Bundaberg port requirements, stopped to help pull bulk carrier Valor SW into the sugar terminal.
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG2
The vessel, which is 27.4m long with a 5m draft, had about six crew on board and is capable of a 70-tonne zero-speed pull capability.
Pacific Tug is set to develop and operate the $35m marine industry site at the Bundaberg Port.
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG5
The facility will house heavy equipment including a crane capable of lifting navy vessels, opening opportunities for the port to attract naval contracts.
Pacific Tug Bundaberg superintendent Mick Dunn said Indee was a powerful boat and not one normally seen in a port like Bundy.
General purpose hand Tania Lymar, master Bob Thomas and engineer John Stark on board the tug King Bay at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG11
"We just don't have the ships here that require that much power," he said.
"It's got new technology to keep it small and that helps with manoeuvres."
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG1
The tug wasn't flying solo though - she was met by Bundaberg-based tug King Bay with four crew on board.
At the helm was master Bob Thomas, general purpose hands Tania Lymar and Troy Neill and engineer John Stark.
The Z-Tech tug Indee operating at the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG10
Having spent decades on tug boats in and out of just about every port along the coast, Mr Thomas said the calm waters made for a stress-free tow.
"I enjoy running the tug boats. They're fun and can be dynamic - it's a bit exciting," he said.
The bulk carrier Valor SW enters the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG12
"It's a bit quieter here because it's calmer water, but for 30 years I worked in open ocean up at Hay Point and that was some pretty white-knuckle stuff at times."
Between the two tugs, the 170m Valor SW was secured at the terminal within a few hours.
The bulk carrier Valor SW enters the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG13
Mr Dunn said it was important to have a well-trained and experienced crew on a tug boat.
"We operate with four people for safety reason," he said.
The bulk carrier Valor SW enters the Port of Bundaberg. Mike Knott BUN200318TUG14
"It's all big, heavy gear and it can be dangerous."
It wasn't long after the job was done that Indee and her crew were heading out of the port and on to Sydney.
Mr Dunn said it was unlikely Indee would be back in Bundy any time soon.
WATCH! Robbie Williams Sings Like You've Never Heard Him Before
Is there any genre this man can't do?
Whilst chatting to Jamie and Emma about his latest book release, Reveal, which promises to be a 'staggeringly honest, warts and all' read, Jamie and Emma challenged Robbie to a unique game this time round.
Pick-A-Genre-Out-Of-A-Hat-And-Sing-An-Excerpt-From-Your-Book-In-That-Genre Game. Classic.
And it's safe to say, Robbie did not disappoint.
Can we all just take a minute to appreciate Emma's rock screams?
Political factors and fears of adverse public reaction play a significant role in determining if long-serving prisoners are kept in jail, according to an extensive new study.
NUI Galway law lecturer Dr Diarmuid Griffin has found that the criteria which impact on whether or not someone sentenced to life in prison is released include the current overall murder rate and the media profile of the convict.
Criminal justice policies, particularly sentencing policy, have become more draconian in recent years. The number of life sentences handed down for serious crimes like murder is increasing across Europe, but the rate of increase in Ireland is significantly greater than average.
According to Dr Griffin's forthcoming book Killing Time, there were some 27,000 life-sentence prisoners in custody in Europe in 2014, an increase of 66 per cent since 2004.
In Ireland, the number of life-sentence prisoners increased by 78 per cent over the same period, and now stands at 352.
At the same time, the average length a life-sentence prisoner spends in prison has increased dramatically and consistently. In 1975, it was less than eight years, in 2004 it was 14 years, and in 2016 it was 22 years.
The vast majority – 95 per cent – of those currently serving a life term in Ireland have been convicted of murder, with sentences for manslaughter and rape making up the remainder. Life is the mandatory sentence for murder, and judges have no discretion in the matter.
Final decision
Life-sentence prisoners are assessed for release by the Parole Board, but the final decision lies with the Minister for Justice.
Dr Griffin, who interviewed three former ministers for justice and 14 current and former Parole Board members, found criteria which have little to do with the offender being assessed often decide if they are released or not.
“Members and ministers cited offenders with high media profiles as causing particular problems due to the potential political fallout arising from a recommendation and/or decision to release,” Dr Griffin said.
He said former ministers were “explicit that a decision to release a life-sentence prisoner presented a political risk”, and the potential for “adverse publicity, political criticism and personal electoral consequences” were cited as influencing factors .
“If you let a rapist out and the next thing he does is rape another person, whoever does it [orders their release]…whoever is responsible for it, will be visited with the responsibility for that act, so you do have to protect people,” one former minister said.
Dr Griffin examined the case of Malcolm MacArthur, who was Ireland's longest serving prisoner until his release in 2012 by then minister for justice Alan Shatter. MacArthur was sentenced to life in 1982 for two murders after one of the most high-profile manhunts in Irish history.
“I think he's [MacArthur] now out, but it took an awful lot of time, and one of the reasons that he was kept in I think was that the politicians were just afraid of, you know that he would do something bizarre if he got out. I knew there was a zilch risk of reoffending,” one former justice minister told Dr Griffin.
Public opinion
Former justice ministers cited media coverage, particularly tabloid newspaper coverage, of high-profile murderers as being a factor in decisions.
“Obviously I had to be conscious of public opinion, and how it would affect politically both me and then my government. You always have one eye on what the people think in making decisions,” one former minister said.
In the past the media did not report on the release of high-profile criminals from prison; in 1976 there was no coverage of the fact that a man was released having served just six years for murdering his fiancé.
This has now changed, and the release of prisoners such as Larry Murphy attract significant and sustained media coverage which is often accompanied by public criticism of their early release.
One former minister said when he was in office people thought prison terms were very low, but he corrected that impression. “People had got to the notion thinking that a life sentence was seven years, and I mean that was often said on radio and television that people were getting out after seven years, and they didn't believe that after I was finished.”
The rising murder rate in Ireland, particularly gangland murders, also contributed to a reluctance to release life-sentence prisoners, even in cases where the prisoner's crime had nothing to do with organised crime.
One parole board member noted in a 2006 annual report that “so common had murder become that human life had been cheapened and that the board must react to that”.
Dr Griffin said making a decision on whether to release a prisoner based on factors outside their control “could prove counter-productive” in terms of their rehabilitation.
“What real incentive is there for a life-sentence prisoner to participate meaningfully when, despite being informed of the importance of engaging with the available services to reduce risk levels, there are additional insuperable barriers preventing a recommendation or decision to release?”
Individual cases
He also questioned if the length of life terms will decrease if the murder rate decreases. “If it is not appropriate to reduce time served in individual cases on the basis of an overall decrease in annual homicides it should not be acceptable to increase time served when there is a spike.”
The Parole Bill 2016 is currently before the Oireachtas. If passed in its current form it will introduce major reforms to the parole process. The final decision on whether to release life-sentence prisoners will rest with the Parole Board and not the Minister. Prisoners will also have to serve a minimum of 12 years before being considered for release.
The former ministers interviewed by Dr Griffin had a mixed reaction to a reduced role for politicians, with one suggesting the Parole Board should obtain the Minister's opinion “in serious cases”.
Another former minister stated: “It is important to prevent a practice under which releases that should be granted are refused because of ministerial fear of adverse publicity and political criticism, with possible personal electoral consequences.”
Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48
Toni Street on Republican calling pregnant women 'hosts' - 'This was never going to go down well'
The Seven Sharp presenter said there were no surprises when the US Republican became public enemy number one for his comments.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
At Valve's yearly DOTA 2 tournament - The International – artificial intelligence beat one of the world's best players in a pair of one-on-one matches. The bot, which is the work of Elon Musk-backed startup OpenAI, had already beaten some of the game's top players before adding Danylo “Dendi” Ishuti to its list of conquests.
Engineers said the AI mastered DOTA 2 by playing games against itself, called “learned bot behavior,” allowing it to acquire techniques like last hitting and raze faking.
“We've coached it to learn just from playing against itself,” said OpenAI researcher Jakub Pachoki. “So we didn't hard-code in any strategy, we didn't have it learn from human experts, just from the very beginning, it just keeps playing against a copy of itself. It starts from complete randomness and then it makes very small improvements, and eventually it's just pro level.”
OpenAI's intelligence was able to beat regular DOTA 2 bots after an hour of learning. Reaching a level where it could beat pros like Dendi took just two weeks.
The exhibition match was supposed to be a best-of-five series, but Dendi threw in the towel after the AI scored a kill early during the second game. "I'm giving up," he said. "I don't think I'm getting it back. It's over."
While these 1-on-1 matches aren't as complex as regular DOTA 2 games, OpenAI's next step is for a full team of its bots to play in 5-vs-5 matches against the pros. Ultimately, it wants to mix the AI together with humans in a single team.
The OpenAI initiative is a non-profit dedicated to advancing artificial intelligence in a way that benefits humanity. It's gained financial support from the likes of Amazon Web Services, Sal Altman, and Elon Musk, who is constantly warning us about the risks of AI.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess & Go. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) August 12, 2017
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea. pic.twitter.com/2z0tiid0lc — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) August 12, 2017
The Tesla boss celebrated the DOTA 2 victory on Saturday, tweeting that eSports are much more complex than games like chess and Go. He followed this up with another tweet that warned AI was “vastly” more dangerous than North Korea.
New turbocharged petrol engine will be used in a variety of cars from the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance and, in all likelihood, the upcoming Mercedes-Benz A Class as well
The Franco-Japanese Alliance, which acquired a controlling stake in Mitsubishi in 2016, has unveiled a brand new 1.3-litre turbocharged petrol engine, which it jointly developed with Daimler, the owners of Mercedes-Benz.
The new engine is offered in three states of tune and will be available in a couple of Renault models for now. From 2018, it will be introduced in a variety of cars from Renault. Further, it is expected that cars from alliance partners – Nissan and Mitsubishi – will also use the new motor in the future. Mercedes-Benz, on the other hand, is likely to include the new motor in the upcoming A Class.
1.3-litre engine
Energy TCe 115
Energy TCe 140
Energy TCe 160
Displacement
1330cc
1330cc
1330cc
Power
115PS @ 4500rpm
140PS @ 5000rpm
160PS @ 5500rpm
Torque
220Nm @ 1500rpm
240Nm @ 1600rpm
260Nm @ 1750rpm/ 270Nm @ 1800rpm (AT)
Transmission
6-speed MT
6-speed MT/7-speed AT (dual-clutch)
6-speed MT/7-speed AT (dual-clutch)
The new 1.3-litre engine will inevitably step in the shoes of the old 1.2-litre TCe, whic is over a decade old. Renault says that the new engine offers ‘significant improvement in driving pleasure, with better torque at low rpm and greater and constant availability at high rpm, while reducing fuel consumption and CO2 emissions.'
Compared to the 1.2-litre TCe 130 (130PS/205Nm), the new 1.3-litre TCe 140 puts out an additional 10PS of power along with a healthy 35Nm bump in torque, that too at a significantly lower rev range of 1600rpm as opposed to 2000rpm of the older motor. The Renault/Dacia Duster in Europe uses this 1.2-litre motor (TCe 125) in a slightly lower state of tune – 5PS drop compared to the TCe 130 with a similar torque output.
Despite being tax-friendly, the 1.2-litre TCe never made it to India. As of now, there's no clarity on whether the new 1.3-litre motor could be introduced in a Renault or Nissan vehicle sold in our country.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Speed cameras could return to the Black Country.
The move - which could see the devices rolled out across Dudley, Walsall, Sandwell and Wolverhampton - comes following a successful trail in other areas of the West Midlands.
It comes after it emerged eight speed cameras have caught 23,334 motorists since being switched on across Birmingham and Solihull just 12 months ago.
The new figures show the cameras - which cost more than £1 million to install - are flashing an average of 64 speeders every day.
One camera, on Bristol Road, caught more than 6,000 motorists whilst a speed trap on Coventry Road flashed just 165, the office of the West Midlands Crime Commissioner has revealed.
The Birmingham Mail understands a ‘rotational system' is used in the enforcement of the cameras, with police hoping they act as more of a deterrent to racing motorists.
The cameras were paid for by a partnership between Birmingham City Council, Solihull Metropolitan Borough Council, West Midlands Police and the region's Police and Crime Commissioner.
West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said: “Speed is one of the biggest causes of deaths on the road and one of the biggest issues that local people raise with me on a daily basis.
“What we are doing now is talking to the other councils in the Black Country and Coventry as well, to see if those councils also want that type of speeding enforcement on the roads.
“They can provide the hardware, we will do the enforcement and that will make life safer for all road users.
“If other local councils want speed cameras, I will ensure West Midlands Police enforce them."
Chief Inspector Kerry Blakeman added: “We will then take a view from other local authorities to see how they wish to proceed."
SEOUL: North Korea has started operating some Seoul-invested factories in its Kaesong industrial complex after South Korea pulled out of the joint venture, Pyongyang's online media said Friday.
Advertisements
The South suspended operations at the industrial complex in February last year, saying that money Pyongyang made from the venture was going towards its nuclear weapons program.
An association representing the 120 South Korean firms operating factories in Kaesong, which lies just across the North Korean border, estimated the value of the assets left behind at 820 billion won ($663 million).
On Friday, North Korean media outlets confirmed joint-run factories were still running and that plants left by the South could no longer be considered their assets.
“No one can interfere with whatever we are doing in the industrial zone that lies within our sovereign territory,” Uriminzokkiri, one of Pyongyang's propaganda outlets, wrote.
The article added that Pyongyang would freeze all facilities, products and materials left by the South and eventually control and manage them.
“No matter how fiercely the US and its cronies may attempt to intensify sanctions, they can never stop us moving forward and the plants in the industrial zone will churn out all the more actively,” it said.
Another North Korean online propaganda site, Arirangmeari.com, said the plants left by the South had been forfeited.
“The dogs bark but the caravan goes on. No matter how desperately hostile forces may clamor, the plants in the Kaesong industrial zone will run all the more actively,” it said.
The announcement followed news reports that North Korea has been using Seoul-invested facilities at 19 factories to produce clothes in Kaesong.
North Korea is subject to a multiple layers of international sanctions over its pursuit of nuclear and missile programs.
In response to the announcement, an official at Seoul's unification ministry told Yonhap news agency: “North Korea must not infringe upon property rights of South Korean companies.”
AFP
Passenger Ferry
The Rason Special Economic Zone was established in 1991 on the border with China and Russia. It consists of two cities: Rajin and Sonbong. North Korea is actively attracting investments from China to this zone, mainly for the construction of hotels. A trip to Rason is visa-free for foreigners; this is one of the reasons why it is cheaper traveling there than to other cities of the DPRK.
Since May 2017, a North Korea ship, the Man Gyong Bong, has been operating on a route between the Russian city of Vladivostok and DPRK's ice-free port in Rason. Now tourists from Russia can reach the North Korean city by sea, where they can enjoy local sights, climb Mount Sahyan and see monuments dedicated to North Korean leaders.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Hotel “Rajin”
Tourists can take five-day tours to Rason for the price of 27,000 rubles (about US $450); a one-way voyage takes about 12 hours. All personnel on the ship are North Korean; most of the signs on the boat are in Korean. A restaurant offers Korean cuisine and famous local-brewed Taedonggan beer.
North Korean customs officers inspect tourists arriving on the ship with manual metal detectors. During the procedure of customs clearance, tourists declare cameras, tablets, phones and flash drives, as well as books and magazines (including total number of pages). All these things will have to be presented when leaving the country, and therefore can't be thrown away.
Watching Closely
Guides accompany their groups of tourists during all excursions, trips to shops, breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Going out to the city independently, without a guide is not allowed. Such tight control is not due to fear that tourists will see or take pictures of something “forbidden”; this is for the tourists' safety. “If something happens to tourists, all the media will write about it, the whole world will talk about it,” one of the guides explained.
There is one mobile operator in North Korea; SIM cards of foreign mobile companies don't work there. Tourists can buy a card to use mobile communication; however, mobile internet is not available in this country. Residents are used to learning about news from newspapers, radio and TV.
Foreigners in the DPRK are prohibited from photographing the local population without a guide's permission. Also, it is forbidden to buy and export local currency — the Korean People's Won — from the country. Tourists are welcome to pay with Chinese yuan, US dollars and euro.
Island With Seals and the Most Expensive Hotel
Russian tourists spend one night of the five-day tour in “Rason,” a new hotel in the center of Rajin. It has spacious triple rooms with plasma TVs, music centers and water heaters.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Pipha Island and stone reefs
In the morning, the group is taken to one of the main local attractions — Pipha Island, which is home to largha seals, also known as spotted seals. There is also a small recreation center with souvenir shops, ice cream bars and cafes with live seafood.
Souvenir shops sell wooden utensils, jewelry made of stone, medicine and seafood. A wooden plate can be bought for 500 rubles (about $8), a bracelet made of stone for 1,300 rubles (US $22) and a half-kilogram of dried sea cucumbers, or trepan, for 16,000 rubles (US $267).
The most expensive hotel in Rajin, the “Emperor,” is situated on the beach near the island of Pipha. According to guides, the famous actor Jackie Chan invested in its construction.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Hotel “Imperator”
Tourists can take a tour of the hotel, which is popular mostly among guests from China. On average, the room will cost almost 9,000 rubles (US $150) per night. The hotel has restaurants, shops, a swimming pool, a bar, a gym and a small casino with poker tables.
“No Entry Beyond This Point”
After the tour, the group is brought to another small three-story seaside hotel “Golden Coast” on a fenced territory. On one side of the hotel there is a forest, on the other — rice fields with several peasant houses and a fishing village. If tourists come close to the fence, locals stop what they are doing and watch them.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Hotel “Golden Coast”
There are people in camouflage on the territory of the hotel. “You can't go beyond the fence, military personnel can misunderstand you,” guides warn.
Tourists are lodged in triple rooms overlooking the sea. There is a restaurant and a hall with a billiard table at the disposal of the hotel guests. On Sunday, which is the only day off in the DPRK, residents of Rajin and Chinese tourists can be seen on the beach in front of the hotel.
Mount Sahyan and Trees in Glass
Mount Sahyan in the vicinity of Rajin is another important tourist attraction. There, during World War II, Korean partisans opposed the Japanese Army.
The mountain has a well-maintained stone path for climbers. Along the way, tourists pass by trees covered with glass shells and canvas covers. For North Koreans, these trees are a national heritage, the guides explain. These trees have revolutionary slogans written on them, which can only be seen on public holidays. Students and residents of the city come to these trees as if they were monuments to pay tribute to their ancestors.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Mount Sahyan
According to the guides, military personnel tried to protect the trunks of these trees with their bodies during a fire in the forest several years ago. More than 10 people were killed then; the graves of the victims are now in Pyongyang.
At the top of the mountain, there is an observation deck with a monument to “the great leader, Comrade Kim Il-sung” and “Comrade Kim Jong-suk,” his first wife.
First Fishing Village and Gifts for Children
Rajin also preserved a place where one of the first fishing villages used to be. Only two houses are left there, a fisherman's and a peasant's home. These houses are shown to tourists only from the outside, as they are still inhabited by their descendants. “General Kim Jong-il visited this house,” reads the inscription on the fisherman's house.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera Fishing village in Rajin
A tall monument dedicated to the leaders Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il graces the central square of Rajin. “The height of this monument equals our people's respect for the great leaders,” the guides explain.
This is the most solemn part of the excursion program: tourists stand in a row in front of the monument; mobile phones and tablets should be removed. Photos can be taken only via cameras, and the monument must be seen in the frame entirely.
Near the monument, there is a city theater, where children perform almost every day. This is an obligatory part of the tourist program. A ticket for the concert is included in the tour price, but tourists need to bring gifts for the children. “If you didn't bring gifts with you, you can buy them in the store right in the theater,” guides advise tourists before the concert.
About 500 spectators gather in a concert hall, mostly tourists from China. Children from 4 to 7 years old sing, dance and show acrobatics. After the concert, the children line up in several rows onstage for a photograph with tourists. Gifts can't be handed to children directly: guests put them behind the curtains on the stage.
© Sputnik/ Svetlana Zadera North Korea souvenirs
The Only Market Where Tourists Are Allowed
A market in Rajin is the only one in the DPRK where tourists are allowed to go. It starts work only at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and closes at eight in the evening. Crowds of local people gather near it a few hours before the opening. You can't take pictures in the market: “Even if you carefully take a picture, the residents will notice that and tell. We have very conscious people, they understand that this can't be done,” guides explains.
The market consists of several brick buildings, where one can find almost anything, from houseware to food. You can find there bottles of American coke and oil produced in Russia. Local cooks also sell their products on this market.
Tourists are brought to the port a few hours before the departure of the ship. Custom officers check all things and souvenirs; all devices and flash drives must be handed over for clearance. If a tourist has photographed something forbidden, the photos will be deleted.
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Asia and Pacific
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
Dotty's Casino is seen in this undated image. (FOX5)
A 28-year-old Nevada woman is being held in the Elko County jail on $100,000 bail after deputies say she left her infant in a running, unlocked car for an hour while she was gambling.
Elko County sheriff's deputies arrested Jamie Benson of Spring Creek Thursday for suspicion of child abuse or neglect.
The Elko Daily Free Press reports deputies found the 14-month child in the back seat of a car in the parking lot of Dottie's Casino in Spring Creek.
Deputies say the heater was on high and the temperature inside the vehicle reached 86 degrees.
The child was taken to an Elko hospital then transferred to the custody of the Nevada Division of Child and Family Services.
It wasn't immediately clear Monday if Benson has a lawyer or will be appointed one at a pending court appearance.
Information from: Elko Daily Free Press, http://www.elkodaily.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Vancouver proudly joins the global challenge to Illuminate Encephalitis
Sails of Light
Contact
Wendy Station
Founder / President
***@encephalitisglobal.org
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12619904/1 Wendy StationFounder / President
End
-- As founder and president of Encephalitis Global, Wendy Station is proud to announce that her hometown of Vancouver will join the campaign to Illuminate Encephalitis, raising awareness for World Encephalitis Day (WED) on February 222017.WED was founded by The Encephalitis Society in England in 2013. Encephalitis Global hosted a WED Conference in La Jolla California in 2014, and offers annual WED contests and promotions to raise encephalitis awareness globally. Encephalitis Global is proud to interact with encephalitis survivors and caregivers around the world, sharing information with anyone wishing to learn more about this dreadful disease.The WED focus this year is to be Illuminating Encephalitis – to light up landmarks globally with the goal to turn the world RED and shine a light on encephalitis which affects 500,000 people globally, every year. To date, landmarks from Sweden, Cyprus, China, Australia, Canada, USA, Scotland and England have accepted the challenge to Illuminate Encephalitis.Wendy contacted the Vancouver Fraser Port Authority in late 2016, expressing her wish to support World Encephalitis Day by requesting a custom lighting of the Canada Place Sails of Light. If you have taken a cruise ship out of Vancouver, you've seen the Sails that identify the Vancouver Waterfront and Canada Place. The five white sails atop Canada Place are a Canadian icon, a recognizable landmark around the world since 1986. Most evenings, the five sails are lit with vibrant colours from dusk to dawn. Wendy was delighted to learn that in recognition of the upcoming World Encephalitis Day, the 90 foot Sails of Light will be coloured exclusively in RED the night of February 212017 – World Encephalitis Day Eve.To learn more about the impact of encephalitis, click Encephalitis Global to visit our website or click below to email us directly.
CogoSoftware.com announces the availability of low-cost Land Surveying, Digital Terrain Modeling, and basic corridor design software add-ons for ZWCAD® 2018.
End
-- Land Surveying, Digital Terrain Modeling, and basic corridor design software add-ons for ZWCAD® 2018, provide a low-cost alternative to otherwise high priced Land survey, coordinate geometry, digital terrain modeling, and corridor design software. This software is ideal for Professional Land Surveyors and Civil Engineers who need an economical software solution. It also provides a low-cost way for Architects to communicate their data to the Engineer.The user can easily set points, traverse, sideshot, inverse, intersect, import & export points, import linework from point files, design lots by area, label lines, label curves and areas and much more!The user can create a Triangulated Irregular Network, use fault lines to control the model, create contours at user defined intervals, calculate volumes, cut profiles and cross-sections from a digital terrain model, create templates and proposed profiles, calculate cross-section volumes and create fully annotated profiles.The software is designed to run on ZWCAD®2018.Download a free Demo at: http://www.CogoSoftware.com
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
April 28 Carbo Ceramics Inc
* Carbo Ceramics - On April 27, co announced exploring options to monetize some of company's international assets
* Carbo Ceramics - engaged an advisory firm to assist in this process and has received indications of interest in market for its Russia manufacturing operations Source: (bit.ly/2puhuc2) Further company coverage:
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Crusading journalist Pat Booth died on Wednesday, aged 88. Tributes rightly recognised his investigations in the Arthur Allan Thomas and Mr Asia cases — but he was just as proud of other stories, as this speech he gave in 2007 reveals.
Auckland Star journalist Pat Booth, right, and Arthur Allan Thomas celebrate Thomas' prison release. Auckland Star
When it comes time for someone to write a few obituary paragraphs on me, that Thomas case and the Mr Asia investigation will probably be the main talking points.
But there were other times, other issues that certainly did not endear me to the Beehive. I was a necessary pain in the official butt and I am proud of them.
Advertisement
At a stage when the Muldoon Government was priding itself on a source of cheap labour it was tapping in the Pacific, I led an investigation into the plight of those migrants when they arrived to clean our hospitals and unclog our drains, do the dirty work in offal plants and the rest.
Out of it came shocking facts about the terrible and totally unnecessary injuries to young Pacific Islanders. One young man only 10 days out of his Pacific village worked on three different machines in the first three days of his job without having any idea of how dangerous they were.
Put on to a heavy moulding press after one lunch break, all he knew was that he put sheets of metal into its jaws. When it jammed he put his hands in to clear it and lost seven fingers in the process.
A Tongan boy working a heavy bench pressing machine walked across it taking a shortcut to the switch at the back and lost his toes. A Samoan girl had her hand crushed when another Samoan girl working beside her stood on the wrong pedal.
Doctors in the Hutt Valley at that time told me 40 per cent of hand injuries were to recent Pacific Island immigrants and were so severe they took up 70 per cent of the operating time. They called it carnage.
The Auckland Star called it a scandal. The articles sparked the usual run of denials and half-truths, but we got results. Factory practices and training were cleaned up and injuries had dropped away when we next checked our sources.
In South Auckland, Pacific Island wives and mothers hung out white sheets as flags at their gates when they needed urgent medical care.
That's what happened in their homes and villages, and passing doctors in four-wheel-drives stopped when passing. In Otara they didn't, and children battled serious illness without treatment.
They had come here without language training or preparation and they could not cope.
A judge spoke of the new migrants "having their manhood and their previously unblemished character debauched by evils they are exposed to. The blame lies primarily not with these young migrants but with the evils of our so-called industrialised society."
Then there were the infamous overstayer raids and random police stopping of anyone who was not white. When the Star told of all this, an angry Prime Minister [Rob] Muldoon denied it was happening, and that people like us should produce evidence. That was 1pm.
By 6pm I had six signed affidavits on my desk. He was forced to call for an investigation, which confirmed 201 of the incidents he had denied had happened.
Muldoon again. When he released a list of 31 civil servants and others he said were members of the communist Socialist Unity Party, I was editing the paper and refused to publish them.
I said we weren't into lists, whether they were Catholics, in the health department or Freemasons in education. The Auckland Star was the only media in the country to say "no" to him.
Oh yes, some cages were rattled.
Edited extract reprinted with permission from Booth's step-daughter, Victoria Carter. Booth will be farewelled tomorrow.
FRANCE 24 IRELAND 0
Ireland suffered a heavy defeat in their Women's Six Nations opener as France ran out 24-0 winners at Stade Ernest Wallon.
Jessy Tremouliere's early penalty came back off the posts for the home side but the full-back soon combined well with Pauline Bourdon to set winger Cyrielle Banet up for the opening try after just six minutes.
Jade Le Pesq then claimed the first of her two tries after 25 minutes and Tremouliere kicked the conversion before crossing for a try of her own to secure a 17-0 lead at half-time.
Ireland threatened to get on the scoreboard in the closing stages but found France's defence in resolute form and Le Pesq completed the bonus-point win in the closing minutes.
Eating nuts “significantly” boosted the number and health of sperm in young men in a scientific trial, researchers at the Rovira i Virgili University in Spain said Wednesday.
The findings “support a beneficial role for chronic nut consumption in sperm quality,” they said, but stressed the study participants were all healthy, apparently fertile men.
The potential benefits of nuts for men struggling with fertility have yet to be probed.
For the study, researchers recruited 119 men aged 18-35, who they divided into two groups.
One group ate 60 grammes of almonds, hazelnuts, and walnuts daily on top of their usual “western-style” diet, while the second group got no nuts.
After 14 weeks, the nut group “had significant improvements in their sperm count, vitality, motility (movement) and morphology (shape)” — all associated with male fertility, said a statement.
“Moreover, the subjects in the nut group also showed a significant reduction in their levels of sperm DNA fragmentation, a parameter closely associated with male infertility.”
The results were consistent with sperm improvement observed in other studies that looked at diets rich in omega-3, antioxidants such as vitamin C and E, selenium and zinc, and folate.
Nuts are rich in many of these nutrients.
The study results were presented at a meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Barcelona.
Does this mean that men hoping to conceive a child should add nuts to their diet?
“We can't yet say that,” said study co-author Albert Salas-Huetos of the Rovira i Virgili University in Spain.
“But evidence is accumulating in the literature that healthy lifestyle changes such as following a healthy dietary pattern might help conception — and of course, nuts are a key component of a Mediterranean healthy diet.”
Children are supposed to be God's ultimate gifts. Parents stay up all night long for the sake of their child's proper sleep without caring about their own sleep. But what will parents do when they come to know that the child they were nourishing and taking care of, has a dreadful disease?
Similarly, ‘Meri Nanhi Pari' is a story based on the never-ending struggle of Shiza (Ayesha Khan), who is willing to give up anything and everything to save her child Sehar's life who is suffering from Thalassaemia.
Shiza marries Khalid (Gohar Rasheed) on the terms that their child will save Sehar's life by donating her bone marrow to Shiza. The second marriage was not an easy decision for Shiza but she took it for the sake of Sehar's life. But Khalid breaks Shiza's promise right after the birth of their daughter Saba.
Although Sehar and Saba love each other and have no differences. Saba is even willing to give her bone marrow to her sister but her father Khalid is apparently the villain of this story.
Will Khalid ever feel empathy for Shiza? Will Shiza ever be able to save her daughter Sehar's life?
Directed By:
Ali Faizan
Written By:
Naila Ansari
Cast:
• Ayesha Khan
• Gohar Rasheed
• Mohammad Ali
• Asma Abbas
• Ezzah Zulfika
• Sonia.
This drama engulfed with emotions is all set to hit the screens every Monday at 9pm from February 5, 2018. To follow this drama, click here.
Comments
comments
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — Lawmakers are aiming to finish the work of the 2017 Iowa legislative session this week, but it will require a flurry of votes in the House and Senate.
A series of bills outlining more than $7.2 billion in spending for the next state budgeting year have been drafted, but none have reached Governor Terry Branstad's desk yet.
“I think it's going to be a very productive session, under difficult circumstances,” Branstad told reporters late last week.
Lower-than-expected state tax revenue already prompted a round of cuts to the current year's state budget. An updated and even more depressed report on revenue in March forced Branstad to recalculate his plan for the next state budget. Republican lawmakers have decided to go even lower than Branstad, by about $38 million.
“I think the legislature has been working diligently and a number of significant improvements in our public policy are being made,” Branstad said.
Policy-related bills that are already law have dramatically changed Iowa's collective bargaining law and the system for compensating injured workers. The GOP has control of the legislature's debate agenda, since Republicans outnumber Democrats in both the House and Senate. Senator Joe Bolkcom, a Democrat from Iowa City, blasts the GOP spending plan for closing some state parks and likely causing tuition hikes at the state universities and community colleges.
“As this Republican budget sees the light of day, it cuts vital services to all Iowans,” Bolkcom said during a speech on the Senate floor last Thursday.
Bolkcom said the problem is all the “giveaways” promised to businesses in the form of tax credits — not just reducing taxes, but in some cases, prompting the State of Iowa to write checks to businesses that get more credits than they owe in taxes.
“The 99 percent, they're paying for all these giveaways,” Bolkcom said, “and here we are, balancing the budget on their backs.”
A bill still pending in the state senate would let doctors prescribe marijuana as treatment for a number of chronic and debilitating conditions, but Republican House Speaker Linda Upmeyer of Clear Lake said the bill is “pretty broad” and House members would prefer something “more limited.”
“Happy to work on it. Happy to have a bill that is helpful to people,” Upmeyer told reporters last week. “But we've got to be able to have a bill that we also have enough support for to make work.”
Upmeyer said, at a minimum, legislators will at least extend the current state law that decriminalized possession of cannabis oil as treatment for chronic epilepsy. That law is set to expire July 1.
(Adds details on penalties)
By Liz Hampton
HOUSTON, April 28 The U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) on Friday said it increased the maximum civil penalties that may be imposed for violations of federal pipeline safety laws.
The maximum penalty is now $209,002 per day the violation continues, and up to $2.09 million for a related series of violations. The rule became effective on Thursday, according to a document published in the Federal Register.
Under federal law, government agencies are required to adjust monetary penalties each year to account for changes in inflation.
Pipeline safety became a hotly debated topic in the past year due to the controversy around the Dakota Access Pipeline, which will transport crude oil from North Dakota to the Midwest and onto the Gulf Coast. Native American groups and others said a spill from the line could contaminate drinking water and desecrate sacred grounds.
Supporters argue pipelines are one of the safest and cheapest ways to move energy products.
In the first quarter of this year pipeline operators have reported 76 spills, according to the most recent PHMSA data. Last year, more than 400 spills were reported. (Reporting by Liz Hampton, editing by G Crosse and Bernard Orr)
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI-Newsvoir): Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas advised Emami Cement Limited in relation to a 30-year agreement with Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited (formerly known as Lafarge India Limited) in relation to usage of its of railway sliding in Chhattisgarh, on a license basis.
The agreement would enable Emami Cement to transport goods and material to and from its cement manufacturing plant in Chhattisgarh.
The General Corporate Practice of Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas reviewed, negotiated and finalised the draft of the railway siding agreement and provided related advice on the agreement. The team was led by Sakshi Mehra, Partner; and included Shiladitya Banerjee, Senior Associate; and Smita Tejaswee, Associate.
The parties involved in the transaction were Emami Cement Limited (Our Client) and Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited (Counterparty)
Other advisors to the transaction were Khaitan & Co. (advised Nuvoco)
The value of the deal was Rs 800,000,000 (Rupees Eighty Crore)
The deal was signed on August 9, 2017. (ANI-NewsVoir)
Richard Torrence's "Lord Why Can't I Do Right?" Inspirational Musical Written By Richard Torrence & Directed by Shelly Garrett
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Theatre
• Acting
• Casting Industry:
• Entertainment Location:
• Atlanta - Georgia - US Subject:
• Events
Contact
Casting Team
***@channeloneenterprise.com Casting Team
End
-- AUDITIONS:February 42017 10am – 3pmThe Loft @ Cumberland Community Church(3110 Sports Ave SE, Smyrna, GA 30080)PRODUCTION DATES:June 172017 – Porter Sanford Theatre (Decatur GA)CONTACT INFO:For consideration, email casting@channeloneenterprise.com for an audition application. Please include current headshot and bodyshot, your resume, and a link to an online reel (if applicable) with your completed application. Please put "Role Interested – Your Name" in the subject of the email.TALENT DETAILS:Non Union. Male and Female, Ages 18+, All Body Types, and All Ethnicities etc.Paid Compensation based on role. Singers, Actors, Musicians, and Production Crew needed.If you are auditioning for a singing role be prepared to sing a cappella (song of your choice).Actors please prepare a short audition piece (2 min max).PRODUCTION DESCRIPTION:Kenny, an unsuccessful man by society's standards, is caught up by a fascination with women, drugs and money. Following an unfortunate near death experience, Kenny's true purpose in life is revealed. Now, Kenny must spread the word about the grace and goodness of God.Kenny's brother DeAundre is a white collar hustler, who is extremely successful at scheming the community to support his fake businesses. For his own selfish reasons, DeAundre offers to assist Kenny in establishing a church to proclaim how he overcame death.DeAundre conceives a manipulative plan to use his brother's church to expand his phony empire, while ignoring Kenny's supernatural gift of ministry. When two brothers with contradicting objectives collaborate to start a church, all hell is bound to break loose. It's a grueling life to live when your own blood cannot be trusted.
German company Siemens is set to add 800 MW of electricity to the national grid through the Borollos and New Administrative Capital power plants within 10 days.
A source at the Egyptian Electricity Holding Company (EEHC) said that Siemens is running the tests for the production units of the New Administrative Capital plant to produce 400 MW to be linked on Thursday. An additional 400 MW will also be generated next week from the Borollos power plant.
The source said that Siemens has added 3,200 MW of electricity to the national grid up until now. “The company linked six production units of the Beni Suef plant, producing 2,400 MW, 400 MW from the Borollos power plant, and 400 MW from the New Administrative Capital power plant, to the national grid,” he explained.
He pointed out that adding 800 MW will boost the total capacity of power generated from Siemens projects to 4,000 MW.
The source explained that the location of the Borollos station was challenging for the establishment and required placing poles 30 metres beneath the surface, noting that the three units usually require 18 months to become operative, but Siemens is set to complete all works in three weeks only.
Furthermore, he pointed out that Siemens will begin commercial generation in March.
The EEHC had signed contracts with Siemens last year to implement three combined-cycle power plants with a total capacity of 14,400 MW. The three power plants are Borollos, Beni Suef, and the New Administrative Capital.
Siemens is implementing the three projects through the EBC+Finance scheme, while the EEHC will repay the loan over several years.
Three German banks, KfW Development Bank, HSBC, and Deutsche Bank secured funding for Siemens projects in Egypt amounting to €4.1bn of a total contract value of €6bn. Arab banks secured the remaining funding in Egyptian pounds to pay for the Egyptian companies participating in constructions, including Elsewedy Electric and Orascom.
A controversial bonfire planned for Londonderry's Bogside on Tuesday night has been branded a “flag-burning sectarian hatefest”.
A long-time resident of the area says the pyre – which will be located on the ‘banking' below the City Walls – should be boycotted.
“Anyone thinking of taking their children to this hatefest really should think again,” the angry Bogside householder told the Derry Journal.
“Anyone that goes along to this will only be used to justify the burning of flags and emblems in mimicry of the worst excesses of loyalism,” said the resident who asked to remain anonymous.
“Their attendance will also be used to justify the months of disruption, illegal dumping and anti-social behaviour we have had to endure.
“It will further be used as justification for the bonfire builders and their political supporters for withdrawing from efforts to create a safe, family-friendly, controlled bonfire in the Gasyard. All because they want to burn flags and emblems.”
However, local dissident republicans, who have been engaging with the bonfire builders, say the decision to erect the pyre on the ‘banking' is a “mature and sensible” one.
Representatives of Junior McDaid House – the base for Saoradh, which describes itself as a “revolutionary” republican party – say there will be no tyres or electoral placards on the bonfire.
A spokesman said: “The youth involved in building the fire who have entered dialogue with Junior McDaid House are asking that anyone intent on causing trouble stay away from the fire.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige talks about his job like a fan who's just lucky to be there.
To hear his genuine enthusiasm about the movies, the actors, the audience and the stories almost belies the fact that he is essentially the architect of and driving force behind Hollywood's most valuable brand that has in just over 10 years netted over $14.8 billion in worldwide grosses (according to comScore) and become the envy of every studio executive in town.
He's a mogul with a fanboy's verve who has helped to change the very fabric of the entertainment industry.
Ten years ago, many moviegoers didn't know who Iron Man was, and those who did think of him as a minor comic book character. On Thursday, Marvel Studios' 19th film, "Avengers: Infinity War," an epic mashup of characters once considered to be part of the "superhero B-list," from Iron Man to Star Lord, opens in theaters worldwide. It is cruising for a record-breaking debut that could surpass "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as the biggest opening ever.
Advertisement
The scope of the Marvel effect is somewhat difficult to pin down, especially with a force as formidable as The Walt Disney Co. behind it. (Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4 billion in 2009.)
It's revitalized careers (Robert Downey Jr.), minted movie stars (Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans and Chris Pratt, to name a few), and become an outpost for Oscar-winners too (like Robert Redford, Gwyneth Paltrow, Anthony Hopkins, Natalie Portman, Jeff Bridges, Michael Douglas and Cate Blanchett).
And beyond that, every few months the studio seems to be breaking new ground, whether it's as small as a change in tone, like "Thor: Ragnarok," or as big as producing a downright cultural phenomenon, such as "Black Panther," now the third highest-grossing domestic film of all time.
"We dream big at Marvel Studios. We have very lofty aspirations at Marvel Studios. For those dreams to be surpassed is saying something," Feige, 44, said of "Black Panther's" success.
And it shows no sign of slowing down, or running out of story. They have 70 years of comic book source material to draw on, after all.
"There are still things that are key elements to a lot of our characters in their comic incarnations that we haven't even done yet for characters who have had three or four movies," Feige said. "It is an amazing wealth of creative material to pull from."
Feige is amused when reporters try to predict Marvel's next move, or make big conclusions based on what's just happened. Under Feige, Marvel is not looking in the rear-view mirror.
When "Thor: Ragnarok" came out, he remembers reading articles declaring that, "Marvel is committing to a surrealist, silly tone" and just laughed.
"I thought, 'We have 'Black Panther' coming out in three months! They don't even know what's coming,'" Feige said. "We're always thinking ahead. Just when people think they can pin us down, we go somewhere else and that's going to happen again after 'Infinity War' in the build-up to the next Avengers film. And we had meetings earlier today about 2024 and 2025."
Misunderstanding Feige's vision is almost a tradition at this point, going back to Comic-Con in 2006 where he revealed his plans for the first few films —Iron Man, Ant-Man and The Incredible Hulk — and all anyone wrote about is how Marvel Studios didn't have the rights to Spider-Man (Sony does), the X-Men or the Fantastic Four (those reside at 20th Century Fox).
Now, few would argue that Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Black Panther, the Guardians of the Galaxy and even Doctor Strange and Ant-Man aren't veritable A-listers on their own, and even more powerful together, making up what is perhaps Marvel's greatest innovation — the Marvel Cinematic Universe. This idea of an interconnected, ever-expanding "universe" of characters and films is something that many have since tried to copy to varying degrees of success. It seems audiences don't begrudge Marvel for creating the concept, but are somewhat more skeptical of those trying to capitalize on it.
"(Marvel's) approach doesn't seem nearly as cynical as when you see another studio trying to do it with, say, Ghostbusters or DC," said Wall Street Journal reporter Ben Fritz, who delves into Marvel's history in the book "The Big Picture: The Fight for the Future of Movies." ''People are like, 'Oh I know what you're doing, you're trying to copy Marvel.' But Marvel did it first and Marvel has still done it best."
"Sequel fatigue" doesn't even seem to apply to Marvel films anymore.
"I think you can look at Marvel as a grand narrative experiment," said 'Infinity War' co-director Joe Russo. "Never before in films have we seen this many franchises combined over this many years into one giant mosaic. Two-hour, two-dimensional storytelling has dominated American culture for 100 years and now we're consuming content with such extreme speed that we need new forms of storytelling. I think what Marvel is doing is a new form of storytelling."
"Infinity War" co-screenwriter Stephen McFeely, who also co-wrote the three Captain America films, said Feige should get the film academy's Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award for his impact on the industry.
"He's clearly changed the way Hollywood works, or at least the top box office end of it," McFeely said. "It's in part because Kevin has a really good mind for story — he's ambitious — but he's not so ambitious that he's not going to do the right thing for the movie in front of his face."
While navel-gazing isn't Feige's favorite activity, the 10-year anniversary of "Iron Man" hitting theaters has provided an excuse to reflect a bit. He still remembers the early days, when they had everything to prove and felt grateful for the chance to produce films on their own. While the grand plans and concurrent filmmaking have gotten more complex over the years and "the days have gotten longer," Feige said the fundamental processes for how they make films goes back to the beginning.
"It was in the cutting rooms of 'Iron Man 1' that in a lot of ways the Marvel Studios process was born — of just keep trying things and keep turning things over and don't rest on your laurels and just because something is working doesn't mean it can't work better," Feige said.
Audiences won't have to wait too long for another Avengers, either. The fourth Avengers film, also directed by Joe and Anthony Russo and written by McFeely and Christopher Markus is just around the corner, set for a May 2019 release. It's a continuation of the story that begins in "Infinity War," where a still-fractured Avengers face Thanos (Josh Brolin). Little is being revealed beyond that. The film premiered Monday night in Los Angeles and is said to be full of surprises.
"We make movies we believe in. We make movies that we think will be entertaining to ourselves and think about ourselves as the first audience members for any movie we make. Any idea that comes up in a room: Would we be entertained by this? Would we be moved by this? Would we be surprised by this?" Feige said.
"It goes back to the movies I loved growing up. I always loved sequels. I never found myself being cynical or dismissive of sequels. If they were bad, I was disappointed. But I always loved the promise of seeing the further storylines or further adventures of characters I'd grown to love. That's all we're doing."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Guest Blogger Sam Elliot
Pastor Sam Elliot, an ordained Assemblies of God minister, successfully built a church plant from twelve members to three-hundred with many community outreach programs, events and a thriving Master's Commission program in South Carolina before heeding God's call in 2014 to plant a church in New Orleans. After two years of preparation Pastor Elliot will officially launch Real Life Church in January 2016. He "envision[s] meeting people in an open, honest recognition of where their real life is and leading them into real, abundant life in Christ." He is the author of I Still Do: A guide for the Marriage Journey, a sixteen week devotional study guide.
April 6 Vitamin Shoppe Inc -
* The vitamin Shoppe appoints two new members to board of directors
* Immediately following annual meeting of shareholders, board will return in size to ten directors
* Board of directors voted to expand size of board to twelve directors
* Appointed Tracy Dolgin and Alexander W. Smith as members of board of directors effective April 4, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water canons at protesters near the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon on Sunday during a demonstration against President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, set fires in the street and threw projectiles towards security forces that had barricaded the main road to the U.S. Embassy in the Awkar area north of Beirut.
Security personnel used force to disperse most of the protesters and detained some, witnesses said.
Addressing the protesters, the head of the Lebanese Communist Party Hanna Gharib declared the United States “the enemy of Palestine” and the U.S. Embassy “a symbol of imperialist aggression” that must be closed.
Protesters burned U.S. and Israeli flags.
“We came to say to the U.S. Embassy that it is an embassy of aggression and that Jerusalem is Arab and will stay Arab,” said Ahmad Mustafa, an official in the leftist Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, who was among the demonstrators.
Protesters are sprayed with water near the U.S. embassy in Awkar east of Beirut, Lebanon December 10,2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
Trump's recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East.
Late on Saturday Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.
Protesters are sprayed with water near the U.S. embassy in Awkar east of Beirut, Lebanon December 10,2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.
The government of Lebanon, which hosts about 450,000 Palestinian refugees, has condemned Trump's decision. Lebanese President Michel Aoun last week called the move a threat to regional stability.
The powerful Iran-backed Lebanese Shi‘ite group Hezbollah on Thursday said it backed calls for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel in response to the U.S. decision.
Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also called for a protest against the decision in the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut on Monday.
(Corrects title to governor, not mayor, paragraph 2)
JAKARTA, April 20 Shares of Indonesian investment firm PT Saratoga Investama Sedaya Tbk surged 23.6 percent on Thursday, its biggest-ever percentage gain, after its co-founder was elected vice-governor of Jakarta.
Private equity tycoon Sandiaga Uno and his running mate, former education minister Anies Baswedan, who ran for governor of Jakarta, beat their rivals by big margins in Wednesday's elections.
Uno had said that his team would continue most of the central government's infrastructure projects in Jakarta. However, they opposed a giant reclamation project in the capital, Uno said.
Shares of Indonesian property developer PT Agung Podomoro Land Tbk, which had invested in the reclamation project, plunged as much as 8 percent.
The broader Jakarta stock exchange was 0.1 percent higher. (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata and Fransiska Nangoy; Editing by Paul Tait)
Former councilmember and Housing Director, Alice Lee announced her intent to seek the Wailuku seat on the Maui County Council.
Lee is a former director of Housing and Human Concerns who served in the capacity from 1999 to 2006. She is also a former Maui County Councilmember who served for 10 years from 1989 to 1999.
Lee also made a run for Mayor in 1998 as a Democrat, but was narrowly defeated in the primary by James “Kimo” Apana, who went on to win in the general election against Republican contender Alan Arakawa.
In her recent capacity as president of Go Maui Inc. a nonpartisan non-profit 501 (c) 4 organization, she has advocated for key initiatives affecting quality of life on Maui.
In an announcement on Thursday, Lee said she is running for council after giving it “much thought,” consulting with family, and “at the urging of hundreds of people.”
In making the announcement, Lee said:
“It is quite obvious that the ongoing discord on the Council caused by some members is counter-productive and detracts from the work of the people. I had hoped this lack of cohesion would eventually subside and all of the members would find a way to work together. That hasn't happened nor does it seem likely to occur. ADVERTISEMENT “I strongly believe that I can bring a sense of unity, order and collaboration back to the Council. “I‘ve done it before and I can do it again. I am fiercely independent and still have that same high level of energy and desire in my heart to get the people's work done with the cooperation and involvement of all the members. I have many new ideas about how to tackle the challenges in affordable housing, with homelessness, with infrastructure and all the major issues of today and for our future. “I look forward to having many conversations with our residents to receive their input, their suggestions for positive solutions. I am fully committed to giving it all I've got to making this race a clean, productive and constructive campaign because our residents deserve so much better from our Council.
The Wailuku seat is currently held by Councilmember Alika Atay.
Candidate Filing for the 2018 Elections began on Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, and ends at 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Election dates this year include the primary on Aug. 11, 2018 and the general on Nov. 6, 2018. Polls for both elections are open from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.
WENATCHEE — The Wenatchee boys basketball team couldn't have picked a more dramatic way to finish off its 2016-17 home slate. And Tony Esquivel couldn't have dreamt of a better final moment on his home court than the one he pulled off Tuesday.
After trailing by as many as 16 points in the second half, the host Panthers put on a stirring rally that ended with Esquivel hitting a layup as the clock expired to give Wenatchee a 60-58 win…
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
CTV Vancouver
Police confirm a female stunt driver has died following an accident on the Deadpool 2 set in downtown Vancouver.
Few details have been confirmed, but witnesses told CTV News the crew was filming a stunt sequence involving a motorcycle at Jack Poole Plaza when something went wrong.
The stunt person appears to have lost control of the vehicle, which drove off set and through the window of Shaw Tower across the street.
She was loaded into an Advanced Life Support ambulance, which remained at the scene for about 45 minutes before driving off without its lights or sirens activated.
Police said investigators from WorkSafeBC have been called to the scene of the accident.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Nonprofit Reasoning Mind earns prestigious industry recognition
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Edtech
* Math
* Education Industry:
* Education Location:
* Houston - Texas - US Subject:
* Awards
Contact
Lincoln Sedlacek
Reasoning Mind
***@reasoningmind.org Lincoln SedlacekReasoning Mind
End
-- Reasoning Mind's newest program,, was recognized Monday as a 2017 SIIA CODiE Award finalist in the Best PreK / Early Childhood Learning Solution category. Finalists represent applications, products, and services from developers of educational software, digital content, online learning services, and related technologies across the PreK-20 sector.Reasoning Mindis a supplemental, online math program for students in Grades Pre-K through 1, designed specifically to meet the needs of very young learners. The program's focused and coherent curriculum covers foundational math topics that are most important for young students' future success in math. Topics such as number sense, algebraic thinking, and word problems are developed gradually but deeply over time through a carefully-sequenced, spiraling curriculum.students interact with a fun, engaging, virtual setting that helps connect math to the surrounding world, while teachers can use the color-coded, easy-to-read dashboard to leverage real-time data for viewing both at-a-glance indicators of student performance and detailed reports for further analysis.The SIIA CODiE Awards are the premier awards for the software and information industries, and have been recognizing product excellence for over 30 years. The awards offer 93 categories that are organized by industry focus of education technology and business technology. Reasoning Mind http://www.reasoningmind.org/ programs/blueprint ) was honored as one of 160 finalists across the 34 education technology categories."I am impressed by the level of innovation and creativity demonstrated by the 2017 CODiE award finalists. These products are opening doors for learners of all ages by combining new technologies with research about how people learn in order to respond to student and educator needs." said Bridget Foster, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of the Education Technology Industry Network (ETIN), a division of SIIA."We are excited to seerecognized as a finalist in the Best PreK / Early Childhood Learning Solution category," said Alex Khachatryan, CEO of Reasoning Mind. "We've gotten a lot of enthusiasm from the students and teachers using the program in their classrooms, and it's inspiring to see that a prestigious competition like the CODiE Awards recognizes's potential as well."The SIIA CODiE Awards are the industry's only peer-reviewed awards program. Educators and administrators serve as judges and conduct the first-round review of all education nominees. Their scores determine the SIIA CODiE Award finalists, and SIIA members then vote on the finalist products. The scores from both rounds are tabulated to select the winners. Winners will be announced during a CODiE Award Winner Ceremony in San Francisco on July 26 at the Education Impact Symposium, hosted by the Education Technology Industry Network (ETIN), a division of SIIA.Details about each finalist are listed at http://www.siia.net/ codie/Finalists Theis the only peer-reviewed program to showcase business and education technology's finest products and services. Since 1986, thousands of products, services and solutions have been recognized for achieving excellence. For more information, visit siia.net/CODiE.Reasoning Mind is a 501(c)3 nonprofit committed to providing a first-rate math education for every child. The organization designs interactive, online mathematics programs for students that develop higher-order thinking skills, ignite their interest in math, and prepare them for algebra—the "gatekeeper"course to college. In addition, Reasoning Mind offers ongoing professional development, training, and in-person support for teachers and administrators using its programs. With Reasoning Mind, students are engaged, teachers are empowered, and technology is leveraged to provide a world-class mathematics education.
Market Overview:
The Industrial Services market is growing rapidly. Industrial Services market is globally emerging across the world. The industrial service market can be utilized to develop a new market for an Industrial Service Market innovation, the company look over customers for adopting, and the service innovation that control the emerging market. The adoption of industrial services will help to improve both qualitative and quantitative aspects of the company's performance. Furthermore, the service marketing is practicing these strategies to create a new market including co‐creating with customers and innovation in different ways.
The study indicates that the industrial service market offer the solutions to increasing the efficiency and reliability of their facilities at a lower cost. Furthermore, the Industrial Services can be used to maintain and optimize the operational process, upgrade performance and cover its resource needs.
According to Market Research Future Analysis, Global Industrial Services Market has been valued at US $ 35.71 Billion by the end of forecast period with 5.9% of CAGR during forecast period 2017 to 2023.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4823
The study indicates that Industrial services are the key source for revenue and growth for its providers. The technological advancement is not only prompting the growth of industrial service market but also endorse the innovation and development of various industrial equipment. The major driving factor for the growth of Industrial Services are increasing demand is the implementation. Moreover, the demand for predictive maintenance services and increasing equipment complexity would help in the growth of the industrial services market for operational improvement and maintenance services.
The impact of fluctuating oil prices has increased the demand for industrial services. A huge amount of operational efficiency in the oil & gas industry is also acting as a growing sector for this market.
Major Key Players:
Market Research Future (MRFR) recognizes the following companies as the key players in the Industrial Services Market: – Siemens AG (Germany), ABB (Switzerland), Emerson Electric (US), Honeywell International Inc. (US), and General Electric (US), Schneider Electric (France), Wood Group Mustang (US), SKF AB (Sweden), ATS Automation (Canada), INTECH Process Automation (US) among others.
Segments:
The global industrial automation services market is segmented by service, solution, and end-user. Based on the service, the market is segmented into professional service, consulting, technical training, system integration services, and others. By the solution, the market is segmented into distributed control system, programmable logic controller, SCADA and others. By the end-user, the market is segmented into automotive, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, chemical, material, food, energy and power systems, and others.
Regional Analysis:
The global industrial automation services market is studied for Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North American region accounts for the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is expected to show the highest growth opportunities, prominently, in India and China. Owing to increasing population, manufacturers in the region are using automation systems in their assembling units to improve plant operation and to meet international standards, low cost labor and skilled workforce.
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology Solution Providers
Government Bodies
Original Equipment Manufacturers
Consulting and training service providers
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/industrial-automation-services-market-4823
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continues…
List of Tables
Table 1 Global Industrial Automation Services Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table 2 North America Industrial Automation Services: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 3 Europe Telecom Expense Management: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 4 Asia-Pacific Telecom Expense Management: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 5 Rest of the World Industrial Automation Services Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Continues…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Industrial Automation Services Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Five Forces Analysis of Global Industrial Automation Services Market
Figure 4 Value Chain of Global Industrial Automation Services Market
Figure 5 Share of Global Industrial Automation Services Market In 2017, By Country (In %)
Continues…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 841 198 5042
Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Hi-Rez Studios is looking to hire an experienced UI/UX Designer to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
We are looking for an exceptional Designer who wants to be a part of a close-knit and fast-paced development team. This person will work directly with the director, programmers, and designers to create groundbreaking user interface designs with our game. We are interested in experienced candidates with high levels of creative energy and passion for creating amazing artwork.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins,Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new game projects!
What a UI/UX designer does:
Guide the visual and interactive evolution of the product across multiple platforms.
Translate complex ideas into elegant, intuitive designs
Assist with requirements gathering and functional specification creation.
Participate in planning, estimating and scheduling activities.
Maintain and grow our library of standard graphical elements
Analyze current screens for UI improvement opportunities
Keep up to date on current design practices and share with the team
Mentor and share knowledge with other technical and non-technical staff.
Who we are looking for:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Country music star Daniel O'Donnell has taken to Facebook to advise his fans they may have received friend requests from a a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page.
In a post on the Daniel O'Donnell official Facebook page, it says: "Hello friends. It has come to our attention that some of our fans have been receiving friend requests from a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page. This is a fake profile and if you receive a friend request, please report it and delete it immediately."
The post adds: "All posts that come from this official page will have the blue tick next to Daniel's name which confirms that the post is authentic and verified. If a post that appears to come from Daniel doesn't have this blue tick, it has not come from the official page and should be reported.
"Thank you for reading and we're sorry if anyone was alarmed by this scam."
Daniel O'Donnell has had twenty UKTop 40 albums as well as fifteen Top 40 singles and has sold more than 10 million records to date.
In 2015, he became the first artist to have charted at least one new album in the UK charts for 28 consecutive years (1988–2015), when his latest album The Hank Williams Songbook entered the UK Artist Albums Chart at number 5.
A Daniel O'Donnell Visitors' Centre was opened in Dungloe in May, 2012, which displays all his gold discs, awards and wedding suit.[20]
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos.
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos. Marvel
YOU'D have to be living under a rock to have not heard about this week's big new film, Avengers: Infinity War.
The film stars an A-list cast so big you could get through an entire tub of popcorn just watching the credits scroll by.
While its Anzac Day release has been labelled by some as a grubby cash grab, Infinity War is set to dominate the box office regardless.
The exciting thing for Marvel fans is that this super-size superhero epic, which brings all of the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and more together for the first time, doesn't play it safe.
This film will be dissected by fans and reviews for weeks to come.
Also out this week is the documentary Gurrumul, which explores the life and career of the late indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Avengers: Infinity War (M)
Avengers Infinity Wars trailer: The first trailer for Marvel blockbuster featuring bad guy Thanos and just about everyone else.
The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
Why you should see it: Marvel has taken some big risks with this film in which no superhero is safe as Thanos proves to be a formidable foe. Read the review.
Gurrumul (PG)
Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu (1971 - 2017), also referred to since his death as Dr G Yunupingu, was an Indigenous Australian musician. He sang stories of his land both in Yol?u languages such as G lpu, Gumatj or Djambarrpuynu, and in English. He was formerly a member of Yothu Yindi, and later Saltwater Band. He was the most commercially successful Aboriginal Australian musician at the time of his death. contributed
Celebrated by audiences at home and abroad, indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu was one of the most important and acclaimed voices to ever come out of Australia. Blind from birth, he found purpose and meaning through songs and music inspired by his community and country on Elcho Island in far North East Arnhem Land.
Why you should see it: With his posthumous album topping the ARIA chart just this past week, this stirring and soulful tribute to the singer is a must-see for music lovers. Read about the album.
Continuing
I Feel Pretty (M)
I Feel Pretty trailer: Latest comedy from Amy Schumer
After a freak accident, Renee wakes up to a completely new reflection, believing she is now the most beautiful woman in the world. With a newfound confidence, she is empowered to live her life fearlessly and flawlessly.
Why you should see it: Amy Schumer always has her funny moments, but this film hits you over the head with the same joke. Overall, it's just not that funny. Read the review.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society (M)
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society trailer: Wartime Guernsey is the setting for this film based on a popular book.
A writer forms an unexpected bond with the residents of Guernsey Island in the aftermath of World War II when she decides to write a book about their experiences during the war.
Why you should see it: This charming British film tells a fascinating, but little-known story - along with a heart-warming romance - and Lily James's Juliet is easy to fall in love with. Read the review.
Super Troopers 2 (MA 15+)
Super Troopers 2 trailer: The Super troopers are back.
When an international border dispute arises between the US and Canada, the Super Troopers are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area.
Why you should see it: There are some old jokes that you've heard before, but for the most part this sequel is hilarious and entertaining. Read the review.
Continuing
Rampage (M)
Rampage trailer: The Rock saves the world again in this latest action adventure.
When a rogue genetic experiment turns a gentle ape into a raging monster, primatologist Davis Okoye teams with a genetic engineer to secure an antidote.
Why you should see it: Big monsters, silly action and Dwayne Johnson's irresistible on-screen charm make this video game adaptation just fun enough to watch. Read the review.
Isle of Dogs (PG)
Isle of Dogs trailer: Director Wes Anderson returns to the animated genre with this story of abandoned dogs in future Japan.
When the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island, 12-year-old Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of his bodyguard-dog Spots.
Why you should see it: Director Wes Anderson has created one of his most quirky and finely detailed worlds yet in this wonderfully scrappy underdog tale. Read the review.
Truth or Dare (M)
Truth or Dare trailer: A new entry in the "do it or die" horror genre.
A harmless game of truth or dare among friends turns deadly when someone - or something - begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare.
Why you should see it: This horror film may be from the producer of Get Out but it's not nearly as inventive. If you're after cheap scares and some dialogue that's so bad it may be good, then this is your movie. Read the review.
A Quiet Place (M)
A Quiet Place trailer: Husband and wife, John Krasinski and Emily Blunt team up in this sci fi thriller where the slightest noise brings death.
A family of four must navigate their lives in silence after mysterious creatures that hunt by sound threaten their survival. If they hear you, they hunt you.
Why you should see it: Star and director John Krasinksi is in fine form in this nerve-jangling twist on an alien apocalypse in which barely a line of dialogue is spoken. Read the review.
Western Force pair Dane Haylett-Petty and Adam Coleman insist the Wallabies have the physical ability and mental resilience to beat the All Blacks, but coach Michael Cheika's major role this week could be focusing minds following the fallout of the franchise's Super Rugby axing.
In a move which has shaken Australian Rugby to its core, the Perth-based club will no longer be involved in the competition following a review which also put the Melbourne Rebels under the spotlight.
The Force, backed by a billionaire supporter, are appealing the decision, but the shock and anger felt by players and supporters of the game in that part of Australia has quickly shown itself in the wake of Friday's decision.
Outside back Haylett-Petty, hopeful of being available for Saturday's test at ANZ Stadium despite a biceps injury, is one of the first Wallabies to come through the Western Australian rugby system and today spoke of his anger, confusion and disappointment at the decision.
Advertisement
"As a group we're really sticking tight," he said. "The process is not done yet. There are a lot of people back home still fighting the good fight. We believe all the administrators at Rugby WA are doing all they can to overturn this decision."
An extra cruelty is the fact that there is no set time-frame for the appeal, so the issue, hanging over the Force players all season, could yet run and run.
A Force teammate at the Wallabies, lock Coleman, said: "I feel for the supporters back home and all our mates back home. A lot of the fans and the players are still in shock at the moment. It will hit home and when it does hopefully we'll stick tight.
"I personally feel the fight isn't over yet."
Coleman, who had been at the franchise for four years and has led the side as skipper, added: "I've poured my soul into the club. It's very much part of me and I'm sure everyone who has played in the jersey feels the same way."
Feelings are at fever pitch on the west coast, and they haven't been sated by the resignation of ARU boss Bill Pulver. There is talk of Force supporters boycotting the Wallabies v Springboks test in Perth on September 9, or even supporting the South Africans.
However, Haylett-Petty said that would be counter-productive, and preferred another form of planned protest - Australian and South African supporters alike wearing blue Force jerseys to the test.
The division and chaos affecting the game here is lending a surreal backdrop to the test, 12 months after the All Blacks thrashed the Wallabies in the first of three victories last year.
It makes the mental side of Cheika's preparation all the more important. The Wallabies' coach has already created headlines when running an intense and at times unorthodox camp over the past month - with his players forced to train with their mouths taped shut, and Coleman believes experiencing that adversity as a team has brought it closer.
Asked if the Wallabies had a mental block when it came to beating the All Blacks, he replied: "No. Absolutely I think the boys believe now more than ever that this weekend we can beat the All Blacks.
"The growth the team has experienced over the last four weeks - not only physically but mentally... [has been beneficial]. That mental resilience, that hard training that we've been doing, especially for the young guys experiencing it for the first time, I think that's paid dividends."
Cooper Kupp set a Rams record on Sunday when he caught his 55th pass of the season. It's the most by a rookie receiver in franchise history, breaking the previous record held by Eddie Kennison (54).
It appears Kupp isn't going to stop there, either. He still has three games left in his rookie season, and with 783 yards receiving, he has a legitimate chance to set an even more impressive record held by Kennison.
Related Cooper Kupp sets Rams rookie receiving record after just 13 games
In 1996, Kennison had 924 yards receiving, which is the most by a rookie in franchise history. Kupp would need to average just 47 yards per game the rest of the way to tie the record, which is obviously doable.
Furthermore, he can become the first rookie in Rams history to surpass the 1,000-yard mark by averaging 72.3 yards per game for the rest of the season, or 217 yards total. Again, very doable.
This season, he's averaging 60.2 yards per game, but that mark has increased since Robert Woods went down with a shoulder injury. Woods is expected to return on Sunday against the Seahawks, so Kupp's targets could decrease.
Still, he's obviously become a favorite target of Jared Goff's and has improved his reliability in recent weeks with no drops.
SSML Division Two: Totternhoe 10 MK Gallacticos 1
Totternhoe demolished MK Gallacticos by an incredible margin of nine goals on Saturday as they kept the pressure up at the top of SSML Division Two.
It took just 90 seconds for Aidan Murray to give the hosts the lead as he reacted quickly to slot home the rebound from an Andy Cleere strike.
Murray notched his second on 32 minutes and Joel McCormick grabbed a third four minutes later to put Totts in a strong position.
Gallacticos pulled a goal back shortly before the break, when Ebeneezer Kpobi scored a great individual effort.
The second half was an exhibition performance from the Totts though as they continuously put Gallacticos to the sword, scoring seven times.
Cleere (46), Bishop (55), Lauder (59), Clarke (63 & 90) and McCormick who completed his hat trick (81 & 83) rounded off an incredible performance by the hosts, sending out a statement before important matches in February starting with the Beds County Cup semi-final against Crawley Green Reserves this weekend.
Boss Chris Robson said: “It was a superb performance by the players given the conditions.
“The pitch was very heavy, wet, there was wind and rain, but we managed to play some great football when in possession and some of the goals we scored were brilliant team goals.
“We also had to add the other side of the game due to the conditions and from the off we just wanted it so much more and the work-rate and desire was so pleasing to see.
“As a manager it is so difficult to prepare for games against Gallacticos as you never know what you will get from them.
“On their day they should be up their challenging, as individually they have some talented players who can produce a bit of magic out of nowhere as their goal showed.
“Their issue is the consistency and discipline of their players as they showed their weak side and we were able to take full advantage.
“Credit to my players as when you go so far in front it is easy to switch off and forget about game-plans, try to do things your own way and try to get in on the glory, but until the 93rd minute they stayed professional and got their rewards by scoring 10.
“I was so pleased with them all but a few individuals stood out.
“It was good to see Joel back and scoring goals after a few weeks out.
“Young Harry Rimmer was superb in two positions and is showing his potential which I believe could take him up the pyramid if he keeps learning and shows good commitment levels.
“Andy Cleere was a handful up top, again coming back from a couple of months out.
“Finally Aidan got the goals his performances this season have deserved. We are getting players back from injury and over the next week or two we should have a full squad going into an important second half of the season.”
Totts: Bowley, Rimmer, Lauder, Dyer, Folland, Bishop (Murchie), Brent (Hibbitt), Golding (Clarke), Murray, McCormick, Cleere.
Subs not used: Bromhall, O'Connor
FOR the Philippines to further grow its economy, it must have sound economic policies and a well-coordinated and effective delivery of services both in the local and national levels. The further reduction of poverty, especially in Mindanao, the expansion of infrastructure connectivity and access to services and markets for increased employment and incomes, as well as improved productivity in the agriculture, industry, and services sectors must also be considered for moving ahead.
So says Richard Bolt, country director for the Philippines at the Asian Development Bank (ADB), a multilateral lender based in Manila. Speaking before The Manila Times' 5th Business Forum, in Davao City, Bolt also says Friday that the country needs to sustain its strong economic growth of 6.8 percent posted in 2016. “There's a need to sustain growth on buoyant domestic consumption and public and private partnership for the Philippine economy remains strong,” he stresses at the Feb. 10 forum called “The Philippine Economic Outlook for 2017: Peace Toward Sustainable Prosperity,” in Marco Polo Hotel. He also cites strong domestic demand supported by expansionary fiscal policy as well as higher local employment as among the vital signs of a healthy economy.
He praises the 10-point socioeconomic agenda being pursued by the Duterte administration that includes, among other measures, tax reforms, ease of doing business, the development of agriculture, and increased spending on public infrastructure (see cover story). “We are happy with President Duterte's 10-point economic agenda and how it is progressing,” the ADB executive stresses during his presentation titled “Philippine Economic Update: Prospects and Development Challenges.” While the 10-point agenda is the administration's anchor for the medium term, he explains, the country's “2040 Vision” provides the long-term framework for development.
The Philippine government has an ambitious economic program of wanting to reduce poverty incidence to 14 percent by 2022, when Duterte steps down from office, and to bring the country to high middle-income status by 2040. Reason why the government aims for a 7-percent GDP growth or better over the next six years, according to remarks made by Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez 3rd in the same forum.
Bolt says ADB supports the Philippines' various development programs, such as the 4Ps or conditional cash transfer (CCT), which improves health and education among poor families, as well as contributes “to a decline in conflict-related incidents where the program is delivered.” The lender also supports the strengthening of service delivery by local governments through financing, coordinating area and sector development planing, and developing LGU capacity starting from the southern Philippine island of Mindanao.
Other programs that the ADB supports are the K-to-12 education system, which covers 13 years of basic education to enhance a student's skills and prepare him for lifelong learning and employment; the JobStart youth-to-school transition, which enhances early employability among the young workforce; and public employment services.
* * *
RICHARD BOLT
Country Director, Philippines Country Office Asian Development Bank
AS HEAD of Asian Development Bank's Philippines Country Office (PhCO) since March 2014, Bolt oversees the preparation of partnership strategy, operations business plan, economic monitoring and reporting, portfolio management, and supporting loan processing and administration. His responsibilities include liaising closely with a full-range of development partners, including government, civil society, private sector, and other funding agencies.
Prior to his current position at ADB, where he has worked for 17 years, Bolt was advisor for Knowledge and Results Management, in the development organization's Southeast Asia Dept., coordinating the department's disaster risk management support to the region.
Immediately after Supertyphoon Yolanda hit the Philippines in Nov. 2013, Bolt was assigned as technical team leader to ADB's response to the calamity and, subsequently, as head of ADB Extended Mission to Yolanda-Affected Areas. He was also the team leader for the 2008 Philippines country assistance program evaluation.
Having more than 25 years of experience in development planning, management and evaluation, Bolt, a Canadian, has worked throughout Southeast Asia, China, the Pacific, and East and Southern Africa. He holds a master's degree in tropical agricultural development from the University of Reading, and a degree in agricultural economics from the University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, both in the UK.
Sean Maritz has been appointed as Eskom's interim Group Chief Executive.
In a statement on Friday, the Eskom Board announced that it has decided to rotate the current executives this role to ensure exposure.
“The Eskom Board would like to announce that Mr Sean Maritz, Eskom's chief information officer (CIO) and Group Executive for Information Technology, has been appointed as the Interim Group Chief Executive, effective immediately.”
In June, it was announced that Johnny Dladla had been appointed to occupy the Interim Group Chief Executive role. On Friday, the power utility announced that Dladla would resume his role as the Chief Executive Officer of Eskom Rotek Industries (ERI).
“We thank Mr Dladla for the work well done and to wish Mr Maritz all the best in this new role,” said the board.
Meanwhile, the utility also announced that the process to appoint a permanent chief executive will begin in due course.
“In an effort to embed organisational stability, it is imperative that the role of Eskom's Group Chief Executive be permanently filled. The process will begin in due course.”
South Africa Today – South Africa News
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
They have been the No. 1 team in the country for three weeks and show no signs of giving up that spot.
In addition to winning all 26 of their games, they have trounced AP Top 25 foes by an average of 10.5 points.
Advanced statistics, such as those published by Ken Pomeroy, confirm their status as the nation's best.
But unless they finally make the Final Four, none of that stuff matters.
Once again, the Gonzaga Bulldogs find themselves…
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Gold miner Newcrest Mining has signed a farm-in agreement with ASX-listed junior Prodigy Gold over its Euro project, in the Northern Territory.
Under the terms of the agreement, Newcrest could earn an initial 51% interest in the project by spending A$6-million on exploration over a period of four years.
Advertisement
The gold miner could withdraw at any stage following a minimum A$2-million spend, with Prodigy remaining manager of the project until the minimum commitment.
Newcrest could increase its stake in the project to 75% by spending an additional A$6-million on exploration within three years from electing to start the Stage 2 earn-in.
Advertisement
Following Newcrest's earn-in, Prodigy could elect to co-fund future exploration and development work at the Euro project, or dilute its interest and convert it into a 1.5% net smelter profit, if the interest falls below 10%.
“The completion of the farm-in agreement marks a major milestone in advancing the Euro project and progressing the area towards the next major gold discovery,” said Prodigy MD Matt Briggs.
Exploration under the earn-in is expected to start in the third quarter of this year.
The Euro project covers some 3 478 km2 of exploration licence in the Northern Territory. Previous exploration work has primarily been soil sampling and patchy reconnaissance drilling, with 10 of the 17 tenements in the project having no drilling in the last 20 years.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pope Francis says he would like to visit China
China and the Vatican are close to reaching a historic deal regarding the appointment of bishops, according to media reports.
An agreement could be signed in a few months, said a senior Vatican source. If reached, it would be a breakthrough in relations for both parties.
But what exactly is in the pipeline and what would it mean for the country's 10 million Catholics?
What are relations between China and the Vatican like?
Ties between two have long been strained by disputes over who can appoint bishops in the country.
China first broke off diplomatic ties with the Holy See in 1951, and many Catholics were forced to go underground during former communist leader Mao Zedong's rule, emerging only in the 1980s when religious practices were tolerated again.
Today, Catholics in China face the choice of attending state-sanctioned churches approved by Beijing or worshipping in underground congregations.
The underground churches recognise only the Vatican's authority, whereas the Chinese state churches refuse to accept the authority of the Pope.
There are currently about 100 Catholic bishops in China, with some approved by Beijing, some approved by the Vatican and, informally, much now approved by both.
Image caption People praying at an underground church
Relations between both parties appear to be thawing.
Last year, Pope Francis made his thoughts about China known, saying that he would like to visit China "as soon as they send me an invitation". The pontiff also added that he hoped there was the "possibility to have good relations with China".
Chinese and Vatican officials have met at least four times since 2016 over the issue of the appointment of bishops, state media report.
What is in the agreement?
Under the agreement, the Vatican would be given a say in the appointment of future bishops in China, a Vatican source told news agency Reuters.
For Beijing, an agreement with the Vatican could allow them more control over the country's underground churches.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Father Dong Guanhua has been kicked out of the Chinese Catholic church for calling himself a bishop
Globally, it would also enhance China's prestige - to have the world's rising superpower engaging with one of the world's major religions.
Symbolically, it would the first sign of rapprochement between China and the Catholic church in more than half a century.
The Vatican is the only European state that maintains formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan. It is currently unclear if an agreement between China and the Vatican would affect this in any way.
What will this mean for the country's Catholics?
There are currently around 10 million Roman Catholics in China.
It's not certain how such an agreement will affect the community, though some are sceptical.
Cardinal Joseph Zen of Hong Kong had on Wednesday criticised the Vatican for its attempts at diplomacy with China, accusing the Church of forcing bishops to retire in favour of replacements picked by Beijing.
"Do I think that the Vatican is selling out the Catholic Church in China?" he wrote on Facebook. "Yes, definitely."
Others however, are slightly more hopeful.
Father Jeroom Heyndrickx, a Belgian priest who has spent 60 years trying to help Chinese Catholics, said that he believed China was "ready to have a dialogue."
"For 2,000 years in China, the emperor was emperor and pope at the same time," he told the BBC. "But China has changed and the Church has changed and this is what constitutes a new opportunity for this dialogue to succeed."
To the casual outsider Gemma Heaton appeared to have everything. A beautiful home, a loving husband, two gorgeous children and a great career.
But beneath the smile she put on for others lay a woman who was plagued with anxiety.
After almost losing her life during childbirth and supporting her mother through cancer, Mrs Heaton, 34, a make-up artist, suffered from panic attacks, sleepless nights and a pounding heartbeat.
But her life changed around when she began keeping a private "gratitude" diary – and stumbled on a way she believes can help everyone to "reset" their lives and increase their happiness levels, reports Daily Mail.
Advertisement
Mrs Heaton who lives with her property developer husband, Adam, 33, children Summer, nine, and Ari, six, in Wigan, says: "Writing a personal diary seems to have gone out of fashion. These days we are more likely to write a public blog on Facebook.
"But I believe the key to happiness is writing down what makes you happy and what you have to be grateful for. It can be as simple as appreciating you had a lovely breakfast or that your children gave you a sleepy hug in the morning.
"Too many of us allow daily worries and bad things that happen to overwhelm us. We are our own biggest critics. But when we constantly put ourselves down saying we're fat, ugly, I can't do that, good things don't happen to me, we are actually attracting those things to ourselves.
"Gratitude journaling daily is one of the most powerful practices you can do to really change the way you think about life. You can even be grateful for the things that you haven't yet received safe in the knowledge that one day they will come."
Gemma Heaton with her husband. Photo / Facebook
Mrs Heaton's own spiral into a "dark place" began at the birth of her son.
She says: "Because at 9Ib 14oz Ari was a big baby, I had a C-section. But on the operating table I haemorrhaged and had a heart attack. Fortunately Ari and I both pulled through. Yet even when I physically recovered, I struggled to feel truly happy. My mum, now thankfully fine, got breast cancer. Then I used to read the news and feel consumed with worry about finances and the world in general.
"I was lost. Rather than enjoy life, I was plagued with anxiety and felt like everything was crumbling around me. My heart would pound out of my chest. My palms sweaty, I suffered with panic attacks. I was snappy and I didn't sleep. All the time I masked it with a smile telling the world I was OK. But I wasn't really living. I was just existing, trying to keep my head above water, all the time feeling like I was drowning."
Mrs Heaton didn't want to take anti depressants or see a therapist. So she tried self-help books. She says: "These helped to a degree - because I learned that focusing on what was happy with her life, rather than the negatives, would help."
But it wasn't until she decided to keep a diary to analyse why she was so unhappy that she managed to pull herself out of the dark hole she was in. "I needed to actively do something to change my life."
The mother-of-two discovered journaling after keeping a diary to analyse why she was unhappy. Photo / Instagram
She has now devised her own book. Called Reset The Happiness Project, it explains how anyone can reset their minds to step off the roundabout of life and find happiness.
She says: "My reset diary has different sections. At the start I kept a picture to reinforce your reason for striving in your life. Self-affirmations are important. Telling yourself you are strong, you are a loving person doing your best, and you are beautiful – liking yourself for who you are – is important.
"Then going back to basics our grandparents realised were important – 'counting your blessings' - and actually writing them down privately because this is a diary for you only and not a blog for others to read.
"You should talk about your dreams and aspirations. It can help to write down step by step how you will achieve them, to formulate a plan. Many successful people don't take no for an answer – they believe in themselves and attract success.
"Self-development and identifying happiness triggers are also very important. Identifying what makes you happy – such as favourite books, exercise and even reminding yourself to smile more often because smiling triggers a part of the brain which can actually make you feel happier."
She adds: "At first I found keeping a diary strange but I continued jotting throughout the day and Adam, who quickly saw a change in me, was supportive. Incredibly within a few weeks my mood lifted.
"Many people suffering from mental health issues end up on medication or are on waiting lists to see therapists. Often they expect someone else can sort their issues for them. However, writing a diary encourages people to understand the answer to many of their problems lies within themselves and it gives them the power to change."
WHY KEEPING A DIARY IS GOOD FOR YOUR MENTAL HEALTH - AND COULD EVEN BOOST YOUR IQ
Many therapists claim keeping an old fashioned diary where you write down your feelings in a book trumps using a computer because it feels "more real". Photo / Getty
A growing body of research suggests we could all benefit from keeping a journal or dairy. Studies show that writing about your day brings clarity to your thoughts and can help you solve problems more easily.
It is believing writing down our feelings can reduce stress as people become more aware of their mental and emotional state and how to control it. As journaling is an outlet for processing emotions and increases self-awareness, it might also increase your empathy with others and therefore your emotional intelligence.
Researchers at the University of Arizona found keeping a diary after a divorce helped people to move on with their lives. Additionally it helped their physical health too as it resulted in a lower heart-rate.
Indeed when psychologists at the University of California in Los Angeles conducted brain scans on volunteers, they showed putting feelings down on paper reduces activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala, which is responsible for controlling the intensity of our emotions.
Dr James Pennebaker, a professor at the Univesity of Texas at Austin, has written several research papers and books on the ways writing can help heal and improve ones mental and physical health. The author of Opening up by Writing it down, says as well as lowering depression and anxiety keeping a diary can strengthen immune cells such as T-lymphocytes.
Research by the University of Lancaster suggests keeping a journal of our experiences can reinforce your memories of them and can even be helpful to keep your brain sharp as you get older. Some research notes people in their 70s and 80s who keep diaries retain higher cognitive recall.
Interestingly many therapists claim keeping an old fashioned diary where you write down your feelings in a book trumps using a computer because it feels 'more real.'
Meanwhile a report by the University of Victoria found journaling is an exploration of language and is likely to increase your vocabulary and therefore has a "positive correlation with intelligence."
HOW CAN YOU RESET YOUR HAPPINESS LEVEL?
She has now devised her own book, 'Reset The Happiness Project'. Photo / Facebook
Mother-of-two Gemma Heaton, 34, is founder of Reset The Happiness Project, which explains how anyone can reset their minds to step off the roundabout of life and find happiness. Here, Gemma shares her top tips for resetting your happiness level...
1.
Keep photos in your diary of those people who are close to you. They are your why. Even remembering a close relative who has passed away can strengthen your why and enable you to take comfort in the positives your relationship with them still brings to your life.
2. Write down positive affirmations about yourself. For example if you offer friends and family a good cuppa and a chat, write it down.
3. Hone ambition by creating a vision board. Place photos of your dreams – a home, car, holiday - on your board. Set yourself a goal. From that goal formulate a plan of steps in your diary to reach it. Never restrict yourself by thinking a dream is out of reach or good things only happen to others. Simply writing aspirations down will ensure you have a constant reminder of what you are striving for. Interestingly, many feel-good films begin with a dream, an aspiration or ambition – and follow how the main character achieves his or her desire.
4. Calmly take the time to write down worries. Read them back to yourself. Sometimes this exercise alone is enough to make you realise a worry is not as big as you think it is.
5. Otherwise, dig deep and find positives from the worries and write them down. It might seem impossible but if you look hard enough, there are positives to even the most painful situations in our lives.
6. Read books. Too many of us eschew a good old-fashioned book these days for TV or social media but you can learn so much from the way in which others – such as authors – view the world. Books can also inspire you to rethink how you deal with your own life situations.
7. Plan a weekly schedule to give more time for you. Write it down. Include time for exercise, meditation and seeing friends.
8. Treat your diary as a best friend, a tool to support yourself through whatever ups and downs life throws at you – to remind you of the good in your life, resetting your happiness levels. A good example of this was Anne Frank, a Jewish girl who lived in hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. She called her diary Kitty and wrote about many of the positives her life in it as if she were writing to a friend
Subscribe to the FT to read: Financial Times
The internet of things game puts the rulemakers and the rule takers in the pit
NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard) – Bicol Standard, the region's most read and fastest-growing news source, is celebrating its 25th anniversar...
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations, in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson listens to a speech at a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations, in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson scolded the U.N. Security Council on Friday for not fully enforcing sanctions against North Korea, saying if the body had acted, tensions over its nuclear programme might not have escalated.
"Had this body fully enforced and stood behind resolutions enacted in the past, vigorously enforcing sanctions with full compliance, perhaps we would not have found ourselves confronted with the high level of tension we face today," he told the 15-member council at the end of a meeting on North Korea.
"We will not negotiate our way back to the negotiating table with North Korea, we will not reward their violations of past resolutions, we will not reward their bad behaviour with talks," he added.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Specialist application security company Appsecco, has announced that it is launching a training partnership with DevSecCon
Contact
Lisa Donohue
Stream (UK) Ltd
***@wearestream.com Lisa DonohueStream (UK) Ltd
End
-- Specialist application security company Appsecco (http://appsecco.com/), has announced that it is launching a training partnership with DevSecCon (https://www.devseccon.com/), a global platform for leading security experts, software developers and DevOps practitioners to showcase their DevSecOps ideas via thought-provoking talks and workshops.Initially launched in 2015, DevSecCon organises and hosts the world's only conference dedicated to DevSecOps – the practice of building security into development processes.Kicking off later this month with bespoke in-house training packages, the partnership between leading application security specialists, Appsecco, and the world's foremost DevSecOps conference organisers will deliver practical tools and advice around how to implement security in the overall development process, from the supply chain through to the customer experience. The partnership will eventually offer a classroom format for individuals in combination with DevSecCon conferences to make the courses accessible to as many people as possible.Appsecco co-founder, Akash Mahajan, together with Appsecco's Automation and Security Expert, Madhu Akula, will also be hosting a workshop at the next DevSecCon conference, being held in Boston on the 11th and 12th of September 2017, entitled 'Real World Security Monitoring & Automated Defence for almost free'.Appsecco's co-founder, Gwilym Lewis, says of the agreement, "We're thrilled to be launching this partnership with DevSecCon to offer cutting-edge, industry leading security training that is firmly grounded in commercial reality. Together we will be covering the entire software development lifecycle, from advising on how to build and foster a culture of security within development teams and organisations, to reviewing and advising on the security of applications and any associated infrastructure under development."DevSecCon founder, Francois Raynaud, adds, "The number of businesses that are looking to implement DevSecOps is growing rapidly and with it the demand for more in-depth technical knowledge and skills around continuously secure delivery. As a response, we have created the DevSecCon Academy for DevOps, Development and Security professionals who want to deep-dive into DevSecOps. We offer a selection of top-notch training courses, with Appsecco being an important core training partner."Appsecco's training packages will be bookable through the DevSecCon Academy in combination with conference tickets or can be arranged as bespoke courses for corporate teams. Upcoming DevSecCon conferences include Boston (11-12 September 2017), London (19-20 October 2017) and Singapore (February 2018).Organisations or individuals interested in finding out more about the training packages on offer should visit https://www.devseccon.com/ academy
The Proclaimers play Vernon Sept. 11. Tickets on sale now through the Ticket Seller
Craig and Charlie Reid, better known as The Proclaimers, will take the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre stage Sept. 11. (Murdo MacLeod Photography)
They've walked 500 miles, and they're ready to walk 500 more.
Or, more accurately 804.67 kilometres, as The Proclaimers walk onto the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre stage Sept. 11 at 7:30 p.m. with special guest Siobhan Wilson.
The Scottish identical twin brother duo of Charlie and Craig Reid rose to fame with their 1988 United Kingdom, 1993 in the United States, release I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) and are known for their tracks Sunshine on Leith and Letter from America, all drenched in their iconic Scottish brogue.
Tickets to The Proclaimers' Vernon performance are $52 and are on sale now through the Ticket Seller, 250-549-7469, www.ticketseller.ca.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18ox3
— A single-vehicle crash that resulted in low-hanging power lines closed Wake Forest Road in Raleigh early Monday morning.
The road is closed near Navaho Drive, and officials expect it to be closed through the morning commute.
Raleigh police advised drivers to avoid the area.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
TOKYO: US Vice President Mike Pence reiterated his country's commitment to the security of Japan on Tuesday, as North Korea intensified concerns over its weapons programme with a vow to launch missile tests “every week”.
The North, which is intent on developing a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile capable of reaching the mainland United States, defied international pressure Sunday with a test that failed immediately after launch.
As fears grow that it may also be preparing for its sixth nuclear weapons test, Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said that its program would only escalate.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Han told the BBC in an interview, threatening “all-out war” if the US took any action against it.
Arriving in Tokyo for talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Pence hailed the two countries' longstanding security ties.
“The alliance between the United States and Japan is the cornerstone of peace and security in Northeast Asia,” he told Abe.
The Japanese leader called for a peaceful resolution to the North Korea tensions but did not rule out the need for tough measures.
“It is a matter of paramount importance for us to seek diplomatic efforts as well as peaceable settlements of the issue,” he said.
“At the same time dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless and it is necessary for us to exercise pressure.”
In South Korea on the first leg of an Asian tour, Pence on Monday visited the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone separating the two Koreas and warned Pyongyang against further provocations, saying “all options are on the table”.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in both countries have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by President Donald Trump's administration.
Pence pointed to Trump's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
‘Gotta behave'
Throughout his bareknuckle election campaign, Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defence treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure his jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute after Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more severe warnings from Trump's administration.
Asked by a reporter what message he had for North Korea's young leader Kim Jong-Un on Monday, Trump replied “Gotta behave”.
North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations reiterated on the weekend that the North is ready to respond to any US missile or nuclear strike.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action… the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference, using the abbreviation of the country's official name.
“We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs.”
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In early March, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
The Pentagon has not discussed which missile blew up after its launch Sunday from a base near Sinpo on the North's east coast, and the White House has said only that it was a medium-range device.
But John Schilling from the 38 North monitoring group said the failure was indicative of the test of a new and hitherto unknown system being developed by Kim Jong-Un's regime.
“That's a common failure mode for North Korean missiles very early on in their development cycle when they are working out the bugs in the propulsion and guidance system,” the weapons expert told Agence France-Presse.
“More detail would always be nice. But I am going to suspect that this was a new missile or certainly one that has not been well-developed.”
Pence's Japanese hosts will be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and bring it back to the negotiating table after abandoning six-nation talks in 2009.
“In order to strengthen the way we deal with the North Korean issue, we will convey our view and conduct policy consultation to make sure that we are on the same page,” Japanese chief government spokesman Yoshihide Suga said Tuesday. AFP
AFP/CC
A 22-year-old man who was identified to police by his mother has appeared in Londonderry Magistrates' Court charged in connection with a break in at Christ Church in the city last month.
James Anthony Kennedy of Glenside Park in the city faced two charges.
He was charged with entering Christ Church as a trespasser on September 12 and stealing a priceless crystal decanter, a reader's robe, communion wine and an organist's surplice. He also faced a charge of criminal damage to a stained glass window, an organ, a bible and a boiler room also on the same date.
A police officer connected the accused to the charges and opposed bail.
The court was told that on September 12 a member of the congregation discovered the burglary.
A boiler house had been entered and the court heard that the perpetrators had defecated on the floor.
They then used a chair to climb up and break a 19th century stained glass window.
An organ that had been donated to the Church was damaged and it is estimated the damage will cost £50,000 to repair.
The damage to the window was put at £10,000 and overall the cost of damage was put at between £75,000 to £100,000.
Another item taken was a crystal decanter that a police officer said may have had a value but was priceless to the congregation having been donated by a family in memory of their daughter.
CCTV footage from Brooke Park was viewed and two men were seen in the vicinity and then they appear to climb a fence at the rear of the church.
The court heard after police released images of the men Kennedy's mother contacted them identifying her son.
At interview Kennedy admitted it may be him on CCTV but denied being in the church.
He also made no comment to some of the allegations put to him.
In response to defence solicitor Mr. Paddy McGurk the officer said Kennedy had co-operated to a point'.
Mr. McGurk said his client had expressed his revulsion at this incident and said there was no suggestion he is sectarian.
He added that Kennedy's mother was married to a member of the Protestant faith.
District Judge Barney McElholm said there seemed to be evidence putting Kennedy at the scene.
He said if there was evidence of sectarianism it was absolutely outrageous and rightfully would be punished severely.
But he added no matter how outrageous there was a presumption of innocence and released him on bail.
Kennedy was released on his own bail of £500 and one surety of £750 with condition he does not contact witnesses or any co-accused.
He is also not to go within 200 metres of Brooke Park or Christ Church.
Kennedy will appear on November 2.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — The public attitude toward marijuana has changed within the U.S., with more than half of states legalizing the drug for medicinal or recreational purposes.
But the changing attitudes and loosening of legal barriers raise a question for parents: What should they tell their children about marijuana use and its possible risks?
Parents appear to be less concerned with marijuana use compared to other issues. According to the Yahoo-Marist poll released today, most people are more concerned about their children having sex or smoking cigarettes than smoking marijuana. Experts say the parent-child conversation about marijuana may have to be more nuanced, especially if the parents themselves use marijuana recreationally.
“The issue is that the perceived risk of marijuana is at an all-time low,” says Dr. Merrill Herman, associate professor at Albert Einstein College of Medicine and an addiction psychiatrist at Montefiore Medical Center.
But he warns that “cannabis can cause people to lose motivation, have a cognitive impact and can affect their psychiatric status.”
Herman brings up the fact that teens who are reluctant to talk to their parents about feelings of depression or anxiety may self-medicate with marijuana, which can delay important treatment and lead to greater problems in the future. He emphasizes that the marijuana available now is much more potent than it was the 1960s and 70s, something that is especially important for parents to remember when reflecting on their own experiences.
Though he says marijuana does not cause people to use other drugs, Herman notes that “most people who use other drugs have also used marijuana.”
The American Academy of Pediatrics has released a few helpful talking points on how marijuana can affect growing teens. The academy also recommends that parents be honest but brief about their drug-use history when discussing marijuana with their children.
The points include:
-Marijuana is federally illegal, and is illegal everywhere for people under the age of 18. Being caught by police with marijuana can have legal consequences. Many schools also have no-drug policies for participation in extracurricular activities.
-Driving under the influence of marijuana is illegal, and marijuana is the most common illegal drug to be used by people involved in deadly car accidents.
-Marijuana is a psychoactive drug that impacts brain development. Research has shown that the brain is not fully formed until at least the age of 21. Using a drug that affects the brain while it is developing can permanently change it and cause it to develop abnormally.
-Teens who are susceptible to certain psychotic disorders may increase their risk of developing them with heavy marijuana use.
-Marijuana can be addictive: about 9 percent of all users develop an addiction to the drug, and up to 50 percent of teenagers who use marijuana daily become addicted to it. The myth that marijuana is not addictive is not true.
-Marijuana smoke has toxins in it that are not eliminated by vaporizers or hookahs.
Dr. Carolyn Certo Gnerre is a third-year psychiatry resident at Montefiore Medical Center in New York and resident in the ABC News Medical Unit.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Rajeev Khandelwal's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report, "Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred. The man in the video said that he was extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him."
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show!
"Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once. But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank." The prank didn't go well with the actress and she walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified!
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev!
Although Rajeev tried to persuade her to return to the show, she refused to! To Rajeev and everyone's surprise, Ragini came back and also revealed that she was playing a counter-prank on Rajeev!
Did Ragini Get Work Because She Is Govinda's Bhanji?
In the same episode, Ragini rubbished the rumours that she got work because of her uncle Govinda. She was quoted as saying, "People very easily say that I am Govinda's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that's not true."
The Actress Clarifies
"He has worked very hard to get where he is today and I have not even done half as much as he has. I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions. But to give you a perspective, Govinda has never pulled in favours for his own children."
‘I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets'
She further added, "If people feel I got work because of him then they really need to do some research on me. I have worked a lot to achieve my targets. So, despite being Govinda's niece, I had to struggle in the industry, just the way he did years ago."
CARACAS, Venezuela — Venezuela's ruling socialist party has officially tapped President Nicolas Maduro as its candidate for this year's election.
Socialist party chief Diosdado Cabello on Friday announced the unanimous decision. The government has said the election will be held by the end of April.
Maduro succeeded the late President Hugo Chavez, leading the oil-rich country into a deepening crisis marked by soaring inflation and shortages of food and medicine.
The United States says it will reject the “snap” election. Several Latin America countries condemned holding a vote before Maduro's government and its political opposition complete negotiations aimed at resolving the crisis.
Venezuela's opposition coalition hasn't selected a candidate or decided if it will participate.
Maduro says that in his second term he'll wean Venezuela's economy off of oil production.
Thanks to the combined efforts of some generous businesses and Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) of Santa Barbara County, hundreds of local foster children will soon have new toys to play with.
This is an unexpected gift for CASA children in Santa Barbara County, many of whom enter the system with only the clothes they are wearing.
“Imagine the comfort and joy a child will feel when their CASA volunteer brings them a special toy of their very own,” CASA Executive Director Kim Davis said. “This is an extra chance to give these children a gift that they are not expecting.”.
The toy donation to CASA of Santa Barbara County was made possible the generous support of the Toy Industry Foundation, National Court Appointed Special Advocates, World Vision for transporting the toys, Great American Self Storage for the use of their storage facility, and various other toy industry contributors.
Since launching its joint national partnership in 2013 with National Court Appointed Special Advocates, more than 25,000 toys have been donated to regional CASA programs across the nation.
The Toy Industry Foundation has a long-standing history of providing support for abused and neglected children. The foundation shares the belief that every child deserves the right to play, regardless of circumstance.
— Crystal Moreno is the volunteer manager for CASA of Santa Barbara County.
SXSGLogo2
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Survey
• Cati
• Ivr Industry:
• Software Location:
• Livermore - California - US Subject:
• Partnerships
Contact
Joe Luthy
***@survoxinc.com Joe Luthy
End
-- Survox now offers API integration with SurveyGizmo that enables users to easily add voice-based survey solutions to the researcher's toolkit. Brand researchers currently using SurveyGizmo can now take advantage of Survox's voice-based survey capability. Researchers can leverage Survox Services to provide fully automated voice surveys (IVR), or any of the Survox-equipped research call centers to conduct interviewer-led surveys (CATI). Data from all survey sources are populated into SurveyGizmo for analysis and reporting.The integration frees researchers to design a single survey for both online and voice-based delivery to maximize reach and audience representation. The data can then be analyzed using the extensive functionality within SurveyGizmo for an in-depth view of the customer experience to inform actions. Multi-channel data collection increases overall audience participation, giving decision makers needed insights faster."Phone survey capability lets researchers more easily connect with hard-to reach audiences, seniors, and select other demographics."States Mary McDougall, Survox CEO, "Giving researchers additional tools to target audiences increases response and minimizes the need to weight results for more accurate insights." The integration unites both companies cloud solutions, making it easier for researchers to collect actionable insightSurvox solutions enable CX professionals, market researchers, and opinion polling organizations to reach the exact respondents needed to gather representative feedback and distill quantitative and qualitative insights from conversational response. By integrating with online survey platforms, Survox removes historic technical barriers to voice adoption.The company's expertise in voice-based data collection now extends to natural language processing technology. Currently leveraging IBM Watson, Survox's software can auto-generate and deliver personalized, dynamically updated, voice-based surveys for each audience member and then have the conversations translated into text for near-real-time trend and sentiment analysis. For more about Survox, visit www.survoxinc.com/ Founded in 2006, SurveyGizmo is a powerful, insights solution that empowers business professionals to make informed decisions. Through high-powered application software, forward-minded thinking, and best-in-class customer service, SurveyGizmo has become a standard for user-friendly data collection and fast, efficient results. It provides data insights in over 205 countries, with 50,000 new surveys created and 7.5 million responses collected every week, for customers like FedEx, Microsoft, Bloomberg Television and GE. For more information, visit www.surveygizmo.com
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City's official account appear to have fuelled speculation that the Blues could move Brentford midfielder Alan Judge during the January transfer window.
Fans on social media have noticed that the club's account have started following the 28-year-old who is out of contract in the summer.
The skillful Republic of Ireland international has been a key player for the Bees since joining from Blackburn Rovers in 2014.
He featured in the Football League Team of the Year last season and the Championship's PFA Team of the Year but has spent this term out with a broken leg.
Judge is expected to return to action during January although Brentford boss Dean Smith has said any transfer talk is premature.
Speaking to getwestlondon.co.uk, Smith said: “For all the talk of Alan Judge going anywhere, he's not had a training session yet. I think it's all a bit premature.
“We want Alan to get back to full fitness and return to the player he was. He's in a good place and he's striking balls and he's yet to be coming into the training sessions with the lads.”
Newcastle United are thought to be interested in Judge having tried to sign him in the summer although they could wait to pick him up on a free transfer in the summer.
Thermoplastic composites can be categorized as discontinuous and continuous composites. Long fiber thermoplastics and short fiber thermoplastics are the two extensively used types of thermoplastic composites. Thermoplastic composites have achieved rapid acceptance as a suitable alternative to metal assemblies, die castings, and traditional plastic materials in the market. Factors such as high impact strength, high rigidity, and better surface quality coupled with less product rejection, high resistance to extreme temperatures, and creep resistance in constant load and severe environments have led to the thermoplastic composites market being more attractive than metals and thermoset.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21518
The applications of thermoplastic composites have witnessed significant growth in the aerospace and defense industries, consumer goods, electrical and electronics, and automobile in emerging economies due to rapid urbanization. Constantly rising fuel costs have compelled the aerospace industry to look for lightweight and more fuel efficient designs for its existing models. These factors are expected to drive the market for lightweight composites to achieve sustainable development. The extensive usage of thermoplastic composites in various other segments such as consumer goods and electronics is expected to further augment the thermoplastic composites market.
Growing usage of thermoplastic composite materials in vehicle components such as chassis, wheels, hoods, and roofs in racing and high-performance vehicles is being considered to be a critical driving factor for the growing penetration of thermoplastic composites in the automobile industry. Lower cost for consumers and improvement in product performance through innovation is expected to further augment the market growth. The relatively higher cost of raw materials poses the biggest challenge to the industry and acts as a restraint to an otherwise booming industry. Consumer goods, and electrical and electronics are the other major application segments of thermoplastic composites.
Asia Pacific is expected to be the leading regional market during the next few years on account of the growing population and rapid urbanization in emerging economies such as China and India. Increasing workforce and subsequent development of industrial infrastructure in this region has led to the steady growth of major industries such as automotive, electrical and electronics, aerospace, and consumer goods. Japan, which is among the pioneers in electronics industry, is another market in Asia anticipated to witness steady growth in thermoplastic composites. Europe is expected to follow suit on account of the presence of well-established and influential automotive markets in Germany and Italy.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/thermoplastic-composites-market.html
Europe is also home to some of the biggest players in the aerospace industry, hence the thermoplastic composites market is also expected to rise in that segment. Similar factors are expected to play an important role in the market growth of thermoplastic composites in the North America region, especially the U.S. which houses several automobile and aerospace giants. Latin America is anticipated to witness a steady growth rate during the next few years due to the rise of automotive industry in growing economies such as Brazil.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
THE funeral for brothers Chris Holmes and Leith Wakeham will be held this Friday, January 6.
The pair, aged 25 and 22, were killed along with their friend Simon Prideaux in a high speed car crash at Bucca on December 17.
The ceremony will take place at 11.30am at the Bundaberg Crematorium on Cummins Rd.
All are welcome.
Guests are advised not to bring flowers or wear suits or ties, but "dress in what the boys would like or wear”.
HOUSTON (AP) — Several school districts, cities and other government agencies are still waiting for a Texas insurer to pay nearly $60 million in claims from Hurricane Ike, adding to more insurance worries in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
The Texas Windstorm Insurance Association provides insurance covering only wind and hail for nearly 235,000 policyholders in a 14-county area of coastal Texas. It doesn't cover claims arising from flooding, such as that caused by Harvey, the Houston Chronicle reported .
Texas City Independent School District leads the list of nine entities still seeking funds from the insurer with more than $17 million in outstanding Ike claims. Dickinson ISD is second with $10.5 million.
Officials with the entities said they have little faith the insurer will pay the claims without more legal battles.
Advertisement
"It's scary," said Vicki Mims, Dickinson superintendent whose community was also hit by Harvey. "As a school district, we have some resources to use. ...If you're a homeowner, what do you do? Fight TWIA for 10 years?"
Five of the entities still seeking funds for Ike are trying to work through an appraisal process to figure out how much the insurer should pay. Dickinson ISD filed a lawsuit and has battled a legal appeal in an effort to recover the losses.
The pending Ike claims are outliers and don't indicate any problems for Harvey claims, said Jennifer Armstrong, a spokeswoman for the insurer.
Claims through the insurer have become more complicated since Ike struck Texas in 2008. State lawmakers passed a series of laws in 2011 making an appraisal process the only avenue through which policyholders can dispute claims and capping the amount of damages if a court finds TWIA guilty of wrongdoing. Policyholders should be concerned because the new appraisal process is difficult to maneuver and because the insurer is less liable for damages if they do something wrong, said Wade Wendell of Texas Watch, a policyholder advocacy group.
"They're rigging the process," Wendell said. "These changes further incentivize TWIA to test to see if policyholders can afford a lawyer or if they have the stomach to fight them in court for years."
___
Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com
Plans to tackle anti-social behaviour at a town's war memorial will include supporting people who are homeless or dependent on drugs and alcohol.
The Northants Telegraph reported last month that concerns have been raised about issues at Rushden war memorial.
Problems in the past few months include homelessness and street drinking in and around the green opposite St Mary's Church.
A spokesman for East Northants Council said a project group has now been formed to take this work forward and members recently met to agree on the priority areas.
The group has representation from East Northamptonshire Council (ENC), Rushden Town Council, Northants Police, retailers and the voluntary sector service providers and local churches.
East Northants Community Safety Partnership is overseeing the project.
The spokesman for ENC added: “An action plan is emerging – it will focus on priorities such as developing the right support services for homeless and drug and alcohol dependent people, landscape improvements to key areas within the town and a long-term plan for shelter provision for the homeless in the town.
“Smaller task teams are forming so two or three key people can work on each priority area with support from community safety and housing officers from ENC.
“These smaller task teams will now get on with the work and the project group will meet again in a few weeks' time.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon — and on to Mars.
Trump signed a policy directive Monday instructing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to "refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery."
The move, Trump said, "marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-time exploration."
"This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint," he said, "we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars, and perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond."
Advertisement
Past presidents, including George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, have also proposed returning to the moon and missions to Mars, Budget constraints derailed their plans.
Trump was joined at the White House by several current and former astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, and former U.S. Sen. and Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison "Jack" Schmitt, the next-to-last person on the moon.
"Today we pledge that he will not be the last, and I suspect we'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon," Trump said.
No human has been on the moon since Apollo 17 in December 1972. Only 12 men have set foot on the moon, all have been Americans.
Under the directive, the government is also expected to work closely with other nations and private industry.
A High Court judge has overturned a refusal to disclose documents concerning Cabinet discussions on greenhouse gas emissions between 2002 and 2016.
The request for access must now be reconsidered by an internal reviewer in the Department of the Taoiseach in line with the court's findings.
In an important judgment, Ms Justice Mary Faherty found that Regulations implementing a 2003 European Union Directive on Public Access to Environmental Information do not give government discussions a “class exemption” from disclosure.
She agreed with Right To Know CLG, a group campaigning for greater transparency of decisions made by public authorities, the refusal to disclose was not done in accordance with the State's EU law obligations.
She has directed that the Right to Know request must be reconsidered in line with those obligations, which require a “balancing exercise” be done between the public interest served by disclosure of the material and constitutional protection for confidentiality of Cabinet discussions.
Imperative
That balancing exercise must not be “formulaic” and must be in accordance with “letter and spirit” of the 2003 EU directive, she stressed.
Given the “strong imperative” in the directive towards disclosure of environmental information, there must be “some indication” why it was considered the public interest in confidentiality of Cabinet discussions should prevail over the public interest disclosure of the information would serve.
Right To Know CLG, she noted, furnished extensive submissions concerning factors to be considered in the balancing exercise, including the now global scientific consensus that climate change is “real”, is caused by emissions into the atmosphere and poses “the biggest challenge that humanity has ever faced”.
A June 2016 decision by an internal reviewer which upheld the Department of the Taoiseach's refusal of disclosure of 31 identified documents gave “no indication” any balancing exercise was carried out.
She was also satisfied the review decision did not comply with the requirement under the directive and its implementing regulations, the Access to Information on the Environment (AIE) Regulations to give reasons for the refusal.
The State respondents, she noted, argued during the proceedings government discussions do not constitute “information on emissions into the environment” even though they were identified as such in the internal review decision.
If it is now being argued the documents do not concern emissions, reasons will have to be given by the review decision maker why such a conclusion has been reached, she said.
Confidentiality
The case arose after Right To Know asked the department under the AIE regulations for access to all documents which show Cabinet discussions related to Ireland's greenhouse gas emissions from 2002 to 2016.
In May 2016, the department issued a decision listing 31 relevant documents but refusing access to all on grounds of Cabinet confidentiality and on foot of a 2010 High Court judgment, An Taoiseach v Commissioner for Environmental Information, concerning access to environmental information.
When the refusal was upheld by the internal review, it sought judicial review.
The case concerned the interpretation of the 2003 directive, the AIE regulations and the jurisdiction of administrative bodies to disapply national law when there is a conflicting EU law.
In her detailed judgment, Ms Justice Faherty agreed with Right To Know that any refusal of access to environmental information must be justified by reference to the considerations set out in the Directive.
There can only be reliance on the exceptions to disclosure provided for by the directive if a balancing exercise is done in each case, she held.
In every particular case, the public interest served by disclosure of the documents shall be weighed against the interest served by the refusal.
She disagreed with a finding in the 2010 High Court judgment that only two provisions of the AIE Regulations, Articles 8.b and 10.2 - which provide disclosure exemptions for discussions at Cabinet - affect Cabinet confidentiality, saying she considered Article 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 also affect Cabinet discussions.
Article 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 “mandates” a public authority to weigh the public interest served by disclosure against the interest served by refusal; to interpret grounds for refusal on a restrictive basis having regard to the public interest served by disclosure; and to consider the possibility of providing partial information.
There is nothing in the regulations which “immunise” records of Government discussions from the mandatory requirements of the Article 10 provisions, which replicate the requirements of the Directive, she held.
Market Research analysts forecast the global fog computing market to grow at a CAGR of 60.67% during the period 2017-2021.
The following companies as the key players in the global fog computing market: Cisco Systems, IBM, and Intel.
Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: ARM, AT&T, Cradlepoint, Dell, General Electric, Hitachi Data Systems, FogHorn Systems, Fujitsu, PrismTech, Schneider Electric, Microsoft, and Nebbiolo Technologies.
Download Sample Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-sample/507619
Commenting on the report, an analyst from Reports team said: M2M enables machines to connect and interact securely over a network. It also keeps track of safety and security measures by providing remote access, 24×7 monitoring, and automated emergency response. M2M is an important feature in the telecom and IT landscape as it helps connect remote sensing, monitoring, and actuating devices. M2M communication systems in the transportation sector are gaining prominence quickly in the market. These systems enable communication among smart devices over a wired or wireless networking infrastructure.
According to the report, the increased adoption of communication devices in the transportation sector and the emergence of new players in the market have led to a decline in the prices of communication devices. Also, technological advances have helped the transportation and logistics sector to simplify commercial transportation systems. This has accelerated the development of low-cost communication devices. The cost of sensors is also declining as a large number of established and start-up firms develop sensor devices for IoT. The sensors are an important component of IoT in the transportation system. Declining prices of the sensors have encouraged transportation authorities to build smart transportation systems. Thus, the affordability of components of IoT devices has increased the adoption rate of IoT in the transportation sector.
Further, the report states that the large-scale commercial use of IoT is hindered by the lack of standardization. In the IoT network, standardization is necessary in the technical and application layers. The technical layer involves communication protocols for carrier-level communication, terminal description and service discovery mechanisms, and application data switching mechanisms. The application layer includes terminals, communication protocols, and application specifications. However, there are no specific standards for technical and application layer communications in an IoT framework, which limit the adoption of IoT among the end-users.
About Fog Computing
IoT and cloud computing are the key enablers of the fog computing market. IoT is a network of physical devices, sensors, and machines integrated into all objects connected through the Internet for effective data communication. It creates smart communication environments such as smart homes, shopping, transportation, and healthcare. IoT enhances operational efficiency by increasing the speed of communication over the existing infrastructure, which in turn, improves business productivity in all industrial setups. It focuses on improving the process capabilities by enabling real-time business decisions with data storage and computing capacity at the basic sensor level.
Complete Report Details @ https://marketreportscenter.com/reports/507619/global-fog-computing-market-2017-2021
Covered in this report
The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global fog computing market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of fog computing technology required for IoT and cloud computing.
The market is divided into the following segments based on geography:
Americas
APAC
EMEA
Global Fog Computing Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.
Key vendors
Cisco Systems
IBM
Intel
Other prominent vendors
ARM
AT&T
Cradlepoint
Dell
General Electric
Hitachi Data Systems
FogHorn Systems
Fujitsu
PrismTech
Schneider Electric
Microsoft
Nebbiolo Technologies
Market driver
Exponential increase of IoT due to rise in communication between verticals
For a full, detailed list, view our report
Market challenge
Lack of standardization and performance inconsistency
For a full, detailed list, view our report
Market trend
Emergence of M2M communication systems
For a full, detailed list, view our report
Key questions answered in this report
What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be?
What are the key market trends?
What is driving this market?
What are the challenges to market growth?
Who are the key vendors in this market space?
What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?
You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report.
..…..Continued
Discount On This Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-discount/507619
For more information, please visit https://marketreportscenter.com
For more information content with us;
Sam Collins
Market Reports Center 1-646-883-3044 (US)
info@marketreportscenter.com
https://marketreportscenter.com
Source: https://marketreportscenter.com/reports/507619/global-fog-computing-market-2017-2021
A deal has been signed to end Joseph Kabila's 15-year rule in the Democratic Republic of Congo - but the president himself has yet to add his signature.
Senior ministers backed the deal, which would see Mr Kabila stay on until elections are held by the end of 2017.
The country has faced a crisis since Mr Kabila failed to step down earlier in December, when his mandate expired.
Elections should have been held in November, and dozens of people have died in protests since then.
After the electoral commission cancelled the scheduled vote, citing logistical and financial difficulties in organising them, Mr Kabila formed a 74-member transitional government and said elections would be held in 2018.
Representatives of Mr Kabila and his long standing rival Etienne Tshisekedi have been locked in negotiations brokered by Catholic Church leaders since 8 December.
Neither man has yet signed the final deal, but representatives of both sides said the two men would put their names to the transition agreement later.
In the meantime, members of the government and the opposition signed it in the final minutes of 2016.
"Today, we are happy to head up a political compromise," said Archbishop Marcel Utembi, who heads the church body which mediated the talks.
Under the deal, Mr Kabila is to lead a transitional government until elections which must be held by the end of 2017.
During that period, an opposition politician will serve as prime minister.
The document states that Mr Kabila will not seek a third term. The constitution bars him from doing this, but the opposition had feared he might try to amend it to enable him to do.
Archbishop Marcel Utembi sees further challenges ahead.
"It's one thing to have a political compromise but putting it into place is another," he said, after the signing ceremony on Saturday.
DR Congo has not had a smooth transfer of power between any leaders since independence from Belgium in 1960.
Mr Kabila took over in 2001 following the assassination of his father Laurent Kabila.
The yearlong campaign promotes the value of voluntary, consistent life jacket wear by recreational boaters.
According to USACE officials, Memorial Day and boating season has arrived and with the warm weather, boaters are anxious about getting on the water but spending time with the family. Before launching a boat for the first time this season, boaters should check for all the required safety equipment, especially life jackets, and make sure all equipment is still in good condition.
“Wearing a life jacket significantly increases your chances of survival during an emergency situation,” said park ranger Dave Funderburk with J. Percy Priest Lake.
U.S. Coast Guard statistics showed drowning was the reported cause of death in four out of every five recreational boating fatalities in 2016, and that 83 percent of those who drowned were not wearing life jackets. Funderburk said new life jackets are much more comfortable, lightweight and stylish than the bulky orange style most boaters know. There are innovative options such as inflatable life jackets, allowing mobility and flexibility for activities like boating, fishing, paddling or hunting and are much cooler in the warmer weather.
Funderburk said others get into trouble swimming out to retrieve a boat that floated away, or swimming in a large body of water.
“Life jackets are designed to keep you from drowning in the water, which seems like a great reason to wear one at all times on the water,” said Funderburk.
During the 2017 summer recreation season, 12 people died at the Nashville District's 10 lakes in the Cumberland River basin. Of those, only one was wearing a life jacket.
Funderburk said when selecting a life jacket, it's important to make sure people size it right and buckle it up.
“Proper sizing is especially important on a child and a jacket that is too big will slip over their head if they fall in the water, and they could drown,” said Funderburk.
Funderburk said life jackets are categorized by a person's weight so check the label and test it to make sure it fits snug. If someone still doesn't know how and when to wear a life jacket, ask a park ranger at the lake who can help you get it right.
At Corps lakes, most people who drown never intended to be in the water; they unexpectedly fell from a boat or dock into the water. When this happens, a person will reflexively gasp and can inhale up to 4 cups of water and drown in less than a minute.
“Other people simply overestimate their swimming ability or underestimate the depth of the water they are entering,” said park ranger Pamela Backus with Old Hickory Lake. “Some shorelines at Corps lakes can have very steep drop offs and swimmers can be in water over their head.”
Park rangers at the Nashville District's 10 lakes advised visitors to swim at a designated swim beach. The areas were inspected to provide a safe swimming environment. At all Corps beaches, visitors swim at their own risk, so adults are encouraged to keep close watch of their children.
In 2016, more than 21 million people recreated at Lake Barkley, Cheatham Lake, Old Hickory Lake, J. Percy Priest Lake, Cordell Hull Lake, Center Hill Lake, Dale Hollow Lake, Lake Cumberland, Laurel River Lake and Martins Fork Lake in the Nashville District.
“We have a tremendous safety record given the millions of visitors that we receive on our lakes each year,” said Backus. “One life lost is one to many and the Corps wants everyone to have fun on the water and want all visitors to return home safely at the end of the day.”
USACE is one of the nation's largest federal provider of water-based outdoor recreation and manages more than 400 lakes and river projects in 43 states and hosting more than 250 million visits per year. With 90 percent of the recreation areas within 50 miles of metropolitan areas the Corps provides a diverse range of outdoor activities close to home and to people of all ages. Visit pleasewearit.com for more information.
When gearing up for the boating season, be sure to maintain boats and safely operate them. Always be mindful of water safety, not only during National Safe Boating Week, but also throughout the summer.
For more information about the Nashville District, visit lrn.usace.army.mil.
WASHINGTON (AP) " The Latest on the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting (all times local):
4:35 a.m.
World stock markets and the dollar are firm ahead of an expected interest rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Germany's DAX index is up 0.4 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 0.1 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 ended the day marginally lower. Some gains are expected on Wall Street later, with the futures for both the Dow and S&P 500 up 0.1 percent.
Advertisement
In currency markets, the dollar is up to 110.22 yen from Tuesday's 110.04 yen. It is roughly flat against the pound, at $1.2758.
The U.S. central bank is widely predicted to nudge up its benchmark rate by a quarter point on Wednesday, to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
ATHENS May 2Greece said on Tuesday it expects to wrap up talks with its foreign creditors on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will open the way for the disbursement of vital loans that the country needs to get to repay debt.
Government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos also said it wants an agreement on debt relief by then, the day when Eurogroup finance ministers meet in Brussels.
The Greek parliament will legislate on May 16 new measures agreed with international lenders. (Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Lefteris Papadimas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
By Abby Hassler
True Twin Peaks fans will remember David bowie's cameo in the Twin Peaks film Fire Walk with Me. Bowie played Phillip Jeffries, a FBI agent involved in the “Blue Rose” task force.
Related: Watch Motörhead's Reverential Video for David Bowie's ‘Heroes'
In last night's episode of the Showtime reboot Twin Peaks: The Return, Bowie's character appeared during FBI director Gordon Cole's (played by series creator David Lynch) description of a strange and revelatory dream he had, according to Spin.
Last year, Harry Goaz (who plays the character Andy) mentioned to Dallas News that Bowie was supposed to return for another cameo for the revamped season, but was unable to do so before he passed away.
For the episode, Lynch used old footage of Bowie from Fire Walk With Me instead of recasting the role or changing the plot. During the end credits, there is a note dedicating the episode to Bowie's memory.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: The US military wants to revamp its nuclear arsenal and develop new low-yield atomic weapons, largely in response to Russian actions in recent years, the Pentagon said in a policy statement released on Friday (Saturday in Manila).
The so-called Nuclear Posture Review outlines the Pentagon's nuclear ambitions under President Donald Trump and is the first time since 2010 that the military has spelled out how it foresees nuclear threats in the coming decades.
“The strategy develops capabilities aimed at making use of nuclear weapons less likely,” Trump said in a statement. “It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our Nation, and our allies and partners, that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons.”
“And, importantly, it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing, and commits to improving efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to nuclear terrorism,” he said.
The document marks a sobering break from the vision for America's atomic future under Barack Obama, who during a famous speech in Prague in 2009 called for the elimination of nuclear weapons.
While it underscores the administration's concerns about North Korea, Iran and China, the focus falls largely on Russia.
“This is a response to Russian expansion of their capability and the nature of their strategy and doctrine,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis wrote in the introduction to the 75-page document.
“These developments, coupled with Russia's seizure of Crimea and nuclear threats against our allies, mark Moscow's decided return to Great Power competition,” he also wrote.
The Pentagon worries Russia assumes America's regular, large-yield weapons are essentially too big to ever be detonated, as their use would likely result in large-scale retaliation and wipe much of humanity off the map.
“There are strong indications that our current strategy posture and capabilities are perceived by the Russians as potentially inadequate to deter them,” Greg Weaver, the deputy director of strategic capabilities for the military's Joint Staff, told reporters.
“The US and NATO require a wider range of credible low-yield nuclear options to do a very specific thing: to convince the Russian leadership that if they initiate limited nuclear use, in a war with the alliance, our response will deny them the objective they seek and impose costs that far outweigh those benefits they can achieve,” he added.
More reliance on subs and ships
The document, an earlier version of which was leaked last month, says that by having additional smaller nukes, the Pentagon can counter adversaries' “misperceptions” that the United States would not respond to another country using its own low-yield bomb.The new strategy calls for a continuation of the nuclear modernization program ordered by Obama that encompasses all pillars of the “triad” — ground-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, submarine-launched weapons and bombs delivered by plane.
But unlike the Obama strategy, which stressed reducing the role of nuclear weapons, the new policy has a more assertive tone.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, also known as “tactical” nukes, are still extremely powerful and can pack as much destructive punch as the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II.
America already has a massive nuclear arsenal at its disposal, including 150 B-61 nukes stored across multiple European countries that can be configured for low-yield options.
The new weapons envisioned by the Pentagon would be launchable from submarines or ships, so would not need to be stockpiled in Europe.
They could also get around Russian air defenses more easily.
The bombs would not add to America's nuclear horde, and would instead repurpose existing warheads, but critics say the Pentagon would be going against the spirit of non-proliferation agreements.
“We are on the cusp of a new era of nuclear proliferation,” warned Barry Blechman, co-founder of the Stimson Center, a nonpartisan anti-nuclear proliferation think tank in Washington.
AFP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have released images of a man they want to trace following after petrol was allegedly used to start a fire at a Birmingham supermarket.
The blaze broke out at a supermarket on the Hagley Road in Ladywood, around 12.15am, on November 1.
No one was hurt in the incident and police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
A West Midlands Police spokesman said: “Do you recognise this man?
“He may be able to explain how petrol was used to start a fire in a supermarket on Hagley Road, Ladywood.
“Thankfully nobody was hurt, and the fire was quickly put out, but we would very much like to speak to him about what happened.”
Anyone with information should call 101 giving reference 20BW/235980R/17.
May 2 Perrigo Company Plc
* Perrigo discloses investigation
* Search warrants were executed at company's corporate offices associated with an ongoing investigation by U.S. Department of Justice Antitrust Division related to drug pricing
* Co is cooperating with appropriate authorities
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Logo of Didi Chuxing is seen at its headquarters building in Beijing, China, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
SHANGHAI Chinese ride sharing firm Didi Chuxing is considering a $6 billion investment backed by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, as it looks to take on global rivals such as Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL], Bloomberg reported on Tuesday citing sources familiar with the matter.
Didi, backed by global tech giants Apple Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd, is facing regulatory challenges at home over its drivers even as it looks to diversify from its core ride-hailing business to find new drivers for growth.
The ride-hailing platform bought out Uber's China unit last year following a bruising two-year battle in a deal that created a merged entity then worth around $35 billion and that gave Uber a one-fifth stake in the Chinese firm.
Didi did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
A Softbank spokesman declined to comment.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI and Shida Yoshiyasu in TOKYO; Editing by Randy Fabi)
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Advertisement
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Doral Chamber of Commerce Welcomes Leading Edge Human Resources as a Gold Member
Leading Edge Human Resources DCC Member
Contact
Doral Chamber of Commerce
***@nmx2.com Doral Chamber of Commerce
End
-- The Doral Chamber of Commerce proudly welcomes Leading Edge Human Resources as a gold Member. The Doral Chamber of Commerce in partnership with businesses such as Leading Edge Human Resources will continue to work together towards a common goal building a healthy economy and continuing to improve the quality of life in the City of Doral.LeadingEdge, has more than 20 years of experience in Human Resources. It was born in order to deliver quality solutions focused on the demands of our customers.Always looking for new ways to do it better, our clients see us as the ideal answer to all the needs of employee management and human resources management.The Doral Chamber of Commerce is a 501 (c)(6) non-profit, community professional service organization, founded in January 2008 by Manny Sarmiento and Carmen Lopez. The Chamber's focus since its founding has always been to educate its members with seminars, workshops, networking and other educational events becoming "Your Marketing Right Hand".The Doral Chamber of Commerce was created to meet the needs of a thriving business community of small to medium sized companies in Doral and surrounding areas that needed assistance and support in growing their business. After examining their member's needs and the current economic environment, we have found that the new "e-World", Internet communities, online social relationships and education via the web are the "new" and best ways to market your business. We provide our members and the business community in general, with networking and educational opportunities in traditional learning and online environments that together enhance the operational, marketing, and business development skills needed for success in today's business world.antonia@lelggroup.com
The wonder of nature was marvelled at this week once more when a local family captured a mother Bluebird caring for her young.
This footage was taken yesterday (Tuesday) in Waringstown in Co Down.
Mother bird feeding her chicks
The mother can be seen clucking over her babies and tending to their needs - in the casing of an old disused pump.
The footage was sent to us by Heather Steele whose daughter Katie captured the footage after “hearing endless clucking”.
“We saw them flying in and out of the pump from they were hardly able to fly,” said Katie.
“We are all very proud of them.”
Mum Heather added: “We have all been keeping an eye on them as we have two dogs here.
“They started to come out of the nest and we had to put them back in again.
“We just think it is great to have this in our garden - in an old disused pump.”
The father of a young girl who went missing last night in Hamilton says he is so happy to have his "gold in the family" home safe and well.
Five-year-old Glory was reunited with her family this morning after spending a cold night alone in a Hamilton car yard.
Her father, Allen Inoke, told 1 NEWS his family are "so overwhelmed, so thrilled, so happy" to have her home, after he was unaware Glory was in his courtesy car when he went to return the vehicle to the car yard yesterday.
"She is my pet. She's my gold in the family and I cherish all of them, but she is the closest to me," he said.
When Mr Inoke asked Glory about her night away from home, he said she told him that she cried until she was found.
"She said she cried and she said she missed her mum and dad," Mr Inoke told 1 NEWS.
"She's scared of strangers. She keeps to herself to be safe. I teach my children to be safe all the time."
Glory's mother, Ada Inoke, told media this morning Glory was found "shivering" and is grateful to those who helped search for her daughter.
"She was discovered outside by a member of the public who was not looking for her, but who stopped to help her anyway. Champion," Waikato District Police wrote on their Facebook page.
Police conducted a search for Glory including going door-to-door yesterday.
Share This: Kelly Marie Tran Was The Happiest Person In The Galaxy At The Last Jedi Premiere Hilary H
The mood at the premiere of Star Wars: The Last Jedi was joyful and celebratory, so it feels a little unfair to shout out one person for having such a great time at the film's debut on December 9.
But if we had to highlight a single person who smiled harder than everyone else, gleefully enjoyed every photo op, geeked out around some of Star Wars‘ most iconic characters, and clearly had the best night ever for their major Hollywood breakthrough, it would definitely be Kelly Marie Tran.
The actress plays Rose, a member of the Resistance and a comrade of Finn's. She's been an enthusiastic fan of the franchise and gushed about being a part of its story since she got on set, and that excitement was palpable in both the days leading up to the premiere and the red carpet of the big event.
Anyone who's doubled-over laughing before they even step into the theater is having a blast already, clearly, and Tran—who looked gorgeous in a scarlet gown—beamed as she made her way into L.A.'s Shrine Auditorium.
She freaked out with co-star Domhnall Gleeson when she ran into the Praetorian Guard, and did so again when she came face-to-face with a Storm Trooper. (Honestly, who doesn't identify with the look of sheer ZOMGTHISISASTORMTROOPERYOUGUUUUYS!!! plastered across her face?!)
When the cast took the stage to greet the audience, she wasn't alone in the utterly stoked department, though we're fairly certain her cheeks were hurting from smiling so hard at this point. (If not, she's a total champion.)
And finally, at the end of the magical night, some co-stars took a minute to look back on the evening—and just like that, Tran's full initiation into the Star Wars family was complete.
You've taken your first step into a larger world ❤️ A post shared by John Boyega (@johnboyega) on Dec 10, 2017 at 6:57am PST
Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in theatres December 15, 2017.
Santa unveils Stockeld Park's brand new themed play area The Big Book of Books on Saturday December 16 with help from its 11-year-old creator and winner of Stockeld Park's Sculpture Competition, Travis Bedford.
Travis, whose design features an imaginative book slide, complete with a whimsical book worm character and interactive rainbow buttons, has also won £500 for his Primary School, Abbey Park Academy in Illingworth, Halifax.
Santa has taken time out of his busy schedule to add a little magic to the opening of what will be the 9th winning sculpture by a local school child at the seasonal adventure play park and family attraction in Wetherby.
The on-going competition see hundreds of Yorkshire schoolchildren entering unique creations with the hope of seeing their design brought to life with the help of Stockeld Park's talented sculptors and artists.
Susie Grant, owner of Stockeld Park said: “The sculptures are a huge part of the magic here at Stockeld, it means a lot to us that our young visitors can contribute to the growth of the Park in a really fun and imaginative way.
“From sketch to sculpture, the creations themselves can often take years to realise. However, the last 24 months has seen several new exciting additions to The Enchanted Forest, many of which have been developed from ideas by local school children, everyone here at Stockeld is really proud of them.”
Past creations include a giant Loch Ness Monster swing, an interactive Musical Tree with can be played via a magical piano and Russell, the Talking Tree who entertains visitors of all sizes as they explore Stockeld Park's Enchanted Forest.
The competition, which has been running for over eight years, has seen £4500 in prize money donated from Stockeld Park to local schools and community groups.
In 2018 Stockeld Park will start its search for its 10th Sculpture Winner, an anniversary which is sure to inspire even many more children to put pen to paper for the chance to create a piece of interactive art for Stockeld Park's ever growing Enchanted Forest.
FRESNO, Calif. (AP) " Federal prosecutors say a man was arrested in central California for allegedly uploading the Marvel film "Deadpool" to his Facebook page days after its February 2016 release.
The United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California says 21-year-old Trevon Maurice Franklin was arrested Tuesday on a federal criminal charge of copyright infringement.
The arrest follows an FBI investigation.
The office says the film copyrighted by the Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation was viewed more than 5 million times on Franklin's Facebook page.
Advertisement
It says Franklin used the screen name "Tre-Von M. King" to upload the film, which was one of the highest-grossing movies in 2016.
If convicted, Franklin faces a statutory maximum penalty of three years in federal prison.
TIMMINS -
Four police vehicles are blocking access to Gillies Lake as of 11:30 a.m. Saturday morning.
James Mongrain told The Daily Press he saw someone running across Gillies Lake around 10:30 a.m. this morning. The witness claims he heard three shots being fired. Mongrain said the officer used a taser on a suspect, then fired the shots. This has not been confirmed by the Timmins Police Service.
"It was pretty scary," said Mongrain, who added that an ambulance was on scene shortly after.
Bystanders noted that the Ontario Federation of Snowmobile Clubs trail L24 was blocked between the Neo Laser Tag parking lot and Highway 655. Police tape was strung up across access to the trail at Neo Laser Tag on Brunette Road.
The official OFSC trail map online shows that portion in red/unavailable, but the rest of the trail is currently available.
The Daily Press will update this story when more information becomes available.
LONDON (AP) " Manchester United benefited from a controversial red card and an equally debatable goal to beat 10-man West Ham 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday, earning a sixth successive victory.
Substitute Juan Mata gave United the lead before Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured victory from what clearly appeared to be an offside position, after referee Mike Dean had controversially dismissed Sofiane Feghouli in the opening stages.
Despite its man-advantage, United struggle to break down the home side for long spells and required a number of strong saves from goalkeeper David de Gea to keep West Ham out.
Feghouli, making his first Premier League start for West Ham, was sent off after just 15 minutes for a lunging challenge on Phil Jones, which replays showed to have been a harsh decision.
Manuel Lanzini brought two strong saves from the United keeper before the break, while Michail Antonio was denied by the Spaniard when through one-on-one on the hour mark.
But West Ham was made to pay just three minutes later with Mourinho's alterations proving crucial as Marcus Rashford beat two defenders before setting up fellow substitute, Mata, to finish from close range.
United wrapped up the victory when Ibrahimovic reacted first as the ball bounced off Ander Herrera to fire low and hard past Randolph from just inside the box, with replays showing the striker had been marginally offside.
United had failed to make inroads until the 35th, when West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph produced one of the saves of the season, before Jesse Lingard produced an equally spectacular miss.
Antonio Valencia was set up at the back post after good work from Ibrahmovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, but was foiled by the sprawling Randolph, who prevented the ball from crossing his line by the narrowest of margins.
The rebound fell to Lingard with the goal at his mercy, but he could only direct his effort onto the post from two yards (meters) out, with West Ham somehow escaping as the ball bounced into Randolph's hands.
United remains sixth in the table, but has now moved within five points of second-place Liverpool, which was held to a 2-2 draw at Sunderland earlier on Monday.
Greater Trenton's George Sowa
Media Contact
Gail Zoppo
gail@americanconferenceondiversity.org Gail Zoppo
End
-- The American Conference on Diversity will host the 2017 Commercial Real Estate Networking Reception and Awards Ceremony on Wednesday, October 4 (11:30 am – 1:30 pm), at Mayfair Farms (http://www.mayfairfarms.com/)in West Orange, NJ.This significant industry-wide event – which brings together bankers, real estate professionals, and economic development and community leaders to recognize the civic contributions of its distinguished members and supported by NAIOP (https://www.facebook.com/NAIOPCorporate/?fref=mentions)Commercial Real Estate Development Association – will honor Greater Trenton (http://www.greatertrenton.org/)Founding CEO George Sowa with the 2017 Commercial Real Estate Humanitarian Award. Proceeds from this fall fundraiser will help educate tomorrow's leaders through the organization's diversity and inclusion programs."I am thrilled to pay tribute to George Sowa for supporting economic inclusion and for furthering the growth of New Jersey communities and, particularly, rapidly changing communities like our state capital," says American Conference on Diversity President and CEO Elizabeth Williams-Riley. "Now more than ever, we need thriving communities offering greater access to opportunities to earn a living, attain a quality education, and enjoy the recreational advantages Trenton offers."The Annual Commercial Real Estate Humanitarian awards event was launched more than 40 years ago by the National Conference of Christians and Jews. Now, as the American Conference on Diversity approaches its 70th anniversary, the nonprofit continues to build on the rich legacy of this event and the support from economic development leaders continues to be a source of tremendous pride."My mission is to revitalize neighborhoods and facilitate the development of downtown Trenton that will create opportunities for people of all backgrounds to find success. This means having access to education for their children and a safe place to live. This also means working toward job creation that will allow individuals to provide for their families. Economic success requires inclusive relationship-building, partnerships, and collaboration,"says Mr. Sowa. "In this spirit, I'm honored to receive the American Conference on Diversity's Commercial Real Estate Humanitarian Award."George Sowa, whose family history in Trenton dates back more than 100 years, brings a successful 30+ year career in real estate development to his role as founding CEO of Greater Trenton. For the past 18 years, he was with Brandywine Realty Trust, one of the nation's largest publicly traded, full-service real estate companies. Most recently, he served as Brandywine's executive vice president and senior managing director and was responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company's New Jersey and Delaware operations and development. He has substantial experience in urban development, and in 2014 led Brandywine's selection by Campbell Soup Company to be the developer of the Camden Gateway District — a transformative 1.5 million square foot, mixed-use project for that city.Prior to joining Brandywine, Mr. Sowa was director of development for Keating Development Company and was also director of development and operations for Linpro/LCOR. He currently serves on the National Board and Executive Committee of the Commercial Real Estate Development Association (NAIOP), and is a past President of NAIOP's New Jersey chapter. He is also Chairman of the Board of the Chamber of Commerce of Southern New Jersey. Mr. Sowa holds a B.S. Degree from Cornell University.In addition to recognizing Mr. Sowa for his economic development outreach and inclusion efforts, attendees will also be able to participate in a special "Actions Speak Louder" poster art contest. Led by Hudson County School District Art Director Ann Marley, guests will cast votes to select the top masterpieces of talented student artists.Proceeds received from this benefit will provide scholarships for high schools and students across the tri-state area to attend the Lead for Diversity ( http://americanconferenceondiversity.org/ lead-for-diversity/ ) Institute, formerly known as Anytown. Lead for Diversity is a leadership-development program designed to help youth recognize, address, and challenge bias, bullying, and oppression based on ability status, age, body image, race, ethnicity, gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, and socioeconomic status. Since 1995, the Lead for Diversity Institute has had more than 3,400 graduates. Each year, the American Conference on Diversity receives requests from schools seeking support to end bias, bullying, and violence on their campuses. This benefit helps us provide more than $65,000 in Lead for Diversity scholarships to schools from communities impacted most by social and economic disparities.Special thanks to Mountainside Development for supporting the 2017 Commercial Real Estate Networking Reception and Awards Ceremony.To register, please visit http://acod- cre.kintera.org . Sponsorships and advertising opportunities for this fundraiser are also available. Please contact Roseann Martinez at JM Creative Enterprises:rmartinez@jmcreativeenterprises.com or 973-672-3212.Greater Trenton is an independent 501c-3 nonprofit that uses private funding and a network of collaborative relationships to advance economic revitalization efforts in the state's capital city. Formed in the fall of 2015, Greater Trenton's key objectives include coordinating downtown economic development projects; providing one-stop support and information for investors interested in taking on new projects; reaching out to potential residential, commercial and/or retail investors and tenants; supporting and promoting existing downtown initiatives;engaging downtown stakeholders in a strategic economic development plan; and developing investment marketing strategies. To learn more, go to http://www.greatertrenton.org.The American Conference on Diversity is dedicated to building just and inclusive schools, workplaces, and communities through awareness, education, and advocacy. The nonprofit organization was founded in 1948 as the National Conference of Christians and Jews. Today the programs, services, and initiatives of the American Conference on Diversity are among the most important work focused on creating a more inclusive society. It is the unfinished business of living in a highly diverse nation: educating and empowering our next generation of leaders, enhancing our workplaces, and helping to create inclusive communities. Visit www.AmericanConferenceonDiversity.org to learn more.
I AM A 700 CLUB MEMBER. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A DONATION TO THE 700 CLUB AND CBN CHARITIES? DO THE DONATED FUNDS ALL GO INTO THE SAME POT?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Acumen Research and Consulting presents a new research report titled “Polymer Foam Market” that includes the analysis of the various segments of this market across the important regions in the world.
This research study on the Global Polymer Foam Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of polymer foam market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/567
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of polymer foam market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on polymer foam market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the polymer foam market, covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Polymer Foam Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Type, End-Use Industry, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/567
The major market segments of global polymer foam market are as below:
Market By Type
Polyurethane Foam
Polystyrene Foam
PVC Foam
Phenolic Foam
Polyolefin Foam
Melamine Foam
Others
Market By End-Use Industry
Packaging
Automotive
Building & Construction
Furniture & Bedding
Footwear, Sports, & Recreational
Others
Market By Geography
North America
o US
o Canada
o Mexico
Europe
o UK
o Germany
o France
o Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
o China
o Japan
o India
o Australia
o Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
o Brazil
o Rest of Latin America
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
o South Africa
o Saudi Arabia
o Rest of MEA
Market Players
BASF SE, Rogers Corporation, Armacell International S.A., JSP Corporation, Zotefoams Plc, Kaneka Corporation, Toray Industries, Inc., Recticel, The Dow Chemical Company, and Sealed Air Corporation are the key players in the polymer foam market.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/567
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/567
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases.
6.21pm A state of civil emergency has been declared. The mayors of Christchurch and Selwyn Districts jointly agreed to enact the state this evening. The declaration follows the evacuation of 200-300 people from residential properties.
6.13pm Orion says it remains on alert after today's power outage, which affected much of Christchurch for half an hour, and was caused by the fire. They said this evening that the course of the fire and its position still threatens the power supply, and further outages are possible.
5.41pm Evacuees can call 03 363 7400 if they don't have transport to leave their property.
5.36pm Police say displaced residents in Selwyn should make their way to the Selwyn Events Centre on Meijer Drive, Lincoln for further information as evacuations continue. Christchurch residents who have been evacuated should head for the Halswell Library.
5.14pm The crashed helicopter of pilot Steve Askin will be airlifted off the Port Hills tomorrow as the investigation into how it went down while fighting the fires continues. The Transport Accident Investigation Commission says this will depend on weather and how the fires are going.
5.13pm Further evacuations are underway due to the ongoing fire risk on Kennedy's Bush Rd, and its intersecting streets, from the Halswell Quarry up toward the end of Kennedy's Bush Rd. Residents should leave their homes immediately and head to the Halswell Library for more information.
5.08pm The NZDF has been called in to help combat the Port Hills fire, Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee says. They will assist with logistics, equipment and manpower where required.
4.58pm Residents of Early Valley Road and some areas of Westmorland and Cracroft are being evacuated by Civil Defence.
4.45pm The Christchurch Transport Operations Centre has issued an urgent plea: Please do not go sightseeing in fire areas to take photos or video. There have been cases of residents being obstructed from the homes and they need to have easy access in the case of evacuation.
4.32pm Worsleys Road is closed just past Cashmere Rd to all traffic and residents, and Police are managing a checkpoint. Hoon Hay Valley Rd has also been closed to the public due to people coming with the intent of viewing the fire, and obstructing emergency services. Residents can still get in.
Current Road Closures:
Worsleys Road is closed from Cashmere Road to all traffic and residents - police checkpoint in place.
Hoon Hay Valley Road closed to traffic - residents can access properties
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track.
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed.
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route.
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track.
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road.
Early Valley Road is closed.
* Investors worry Trump may take protectionist steps with Xi
* European stocks touch 16-month high, then ease
* Generally upbeat manufacturing data supports dollar
* Oil prices under pressure on Libyan output recovery (Adds U.S. market open, byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, April 3 Global equity markets eased on Monday as investors awaited the first meeting later this week between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, as the dollar gained amid a positive U.S. backdrop of rising interest rates.
European shares touched a 16-month high before paring gains as they tracked Asian shares higher in the wake of upbeat manufacturing data out of Europe and China.
Shares on Wall Street fell in morning trading as investors assessed how Trump's protectionist stance on trade will play out during meetings with Xi slated for Thursday and Friday.
Trump held out the possibility, in an interview published on Sunday by the Financial Times, of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea.
"The market will be anxious and will be eager to glean whatever they get from those talks," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"The market was a little taken aback by Trump's comments recently about the meeting," he said.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.49 percent, shedding earlier gains, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.39 percent.
German manufacturing growth hit almost a six-year high in March, Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) showed. Manufacturing activity in France and Italy also rose, adding to signs of a pickup in the global economy.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 79.12 points, or 0.38 percent, to 20,584.1. The S&P 500 lost 11.29 points, or 0.48 percent, to 2,351.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 27.46 points, or 0.46 percent, to 5,884.28.
The dollar rose amid investor expectations U.S. rates will continue to rise this year, even as Federal Reserve officials have said the Fed is in no rush to tighten monetary policy.
"U.S. fundamentals remain solid, may improve further still, if the president can make some quick progress on tax reform," said Shaun Osborne, chief FX strategist at Scotiabank in Toronto.
U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data were positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement and helping lift the dollar. Construction spending grew 0.8 percent to $1.19 trillion, the highest since April 2006.
The dollar index rose 0.31 percent, with the euro unchanged at $1.0649.
The Japanese yen strengthened 0.34 percent versus the greenback at 111.01 per dollar, while sterling was last trading at $1.247, down 0.60 percent on the day.
Oil prices were under pressure as a rebound in Libyan oil output over the weekend offset upbeat economic data from Asia that suggested robust energy demand from the region.
Benchmark Brent futures eased by 8 cents to $53.45 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 10 cents at $50.50 a barrel.
Manufacturing data showed factories across much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March.
The Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey showed business sentiment improved, albeit slightly less than expected.
Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 16/32 in price to yield 2.339 percent.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Corner Gas for a grand! A thousand-dollar bid at city hall might get you your own corner gas station in Timmins if you're looking to buy a fixer-upper.
Timmins city hall is writing off the uncollected taxes of $25,000 on the building and lot at 263 Wilson Avenue, at the southeast corner of Cameron and Wilson.
City council has approved a motion to re-tender the property with a minimum bid of only $1,000. This follows a previous tender where the minimum bid was $20,000. There were no takers.
City treasurer Jim Howie brought the item back to city council this week saying he needed council's approval to re-tender the property.
He said the city's finance department wants to get the property off the books because the city has no interest in it, even though it is a commercial property sitting on a corner lot.
As council was about to vote on the write-off procedure, councillor Pat Bamford said he wanted city residents to be aware that city hall was not just walking away from a $25,000 tax bill.
Bamford said the property was a former gasoline service station, and he described the property as being “environmentally challenged”. Bamford said anyone who purchases the property might be facing some strict environmental clean-up costs.
“Just so people don't think we're walking away from money,” he remarked.
The motion to re-tender the property was carried.
May 2 Mondelez International Inc
* Mondelez International - Company's biscuits business posted slight revenue decline in Q1 as strong growth in the U.K., Japan, Italy was offset by weakness in the U.S.
* Mondelez International - Company's chocolate business grew to more than 5%, driven by gains in Germany, India and Brazil in Q1 - conf call
* Mondelez International - Company's gum & candy business declined over 5% in Q1 as it continues to experience significant weakness, especially in the U.S. - conf call
* Mondelez CFO - In Q2, the year-over-year compare will be more difficult, and we expect North America business to remain challenged - conf call
* Mondelez CFO - "We expect Q2 revenue growth below Q1..."- conf call Further company coverage:
Dragon Ball FighterZ is a polished fighting game with tight controls and a combat system that's fast-paced but still approachable. It also looks amazing, which is why people have been sharing all of its scripted animations for weeks leading up to the release. It turns out there's some really weird stuff happening during them though.
The YouTube channel SigmaG19 put together some videos of the game that have different characters unleash their supers while the camera is fixed at one angle, rather than jumping around and zooming in and out as it usually does during fights. The HUD's also been stripped away. Gohan's hand isn't the only thing that gets wonky.
Without the game's flashy cinematics you can see what's actually going on. Here's the middle part of Goku's Super Saiyan 4 ultimate.
And here's Piccolo getting swole and blurry while unleashing on Freiza
GIF
Advertisement
Other attacks like Captain Ginyu's are just eerily stripped down when the camera stays put.
It's neat to see people taking apart the game and offering a glimpse into how it uses visual tricks to create really elaborate and dramatic moments.
Former UCLA star Lonzo Ball pokes fun at his dad's outspoken nature in a commercial released in advance of Father's Day and next week's NBA Draft.
The Foot Locker commercial begins with likely lottery picks Jonathan Isaac, De'Aaron Fox and Jayson Tatum discussing examples of how their dads have supported them. Then it shows Ball saying "of course there's that big day when your dad berates your high school coach in front of an entire crowd for not getting you enough touch."
Later in the commercial, Ball references LaVar Ball's debates with ESPN's Stephen A. Smith and proclamations that Lonzo already is better than 2014-15 and 2015-6 NBA MVP Stephen Curry.
Ball is expected to be one of the top picks in the June 22 draft in Brooklyn, New York.
On Tuesday, May 22 at about 1 p.m., Milpitas Police officers located a stolen Toyota Corolla driving away from the Executive Inn at 95 Dempsey Road. The vehicle was reported stolen to the Union City Police Department, on May 11, and was occupied by two people.
Detectives from the Milpitas Special Investigations Unit followed the car and initiated a high-risk stop in the parking lot located at 57 South Park Victoria Dr.. Both the driver, Kenneth Dale Stepp, 27, of Union City, and his passenger, Celina Marie Hernandez-Verdugo, 29, of San Jose, were arrested and taken into custody without incident. Further investigation revealed Hernandez-Verdugo had a no bail felony arrest warrant for suspicion of possession of stolen property out of Santa Clara County.
Stepp was booked into the Santa Clara County Jail on suspicion of auto theft with priors, suspicion of possession of a stolen vehicle, and suspicion of possession of burglary tools. Hernandez-Verdugo was booked into the Santa Clara County Jail for her outstanding warrant only.
If you have any information regarding this investigation involving either suspect, please call the Milpitas Police Department at 408-586-2400. Additionally, the information can be given anonymously by calling the Crime Tip Hotline at 408-586-2500 or via the Milpitas Police Department website at:.ci.milpitas.ca.gov/crimetip.
Global Additive Manufacturing Technologies Market: Overview
Technological advances have become an integral part of reconstructive surgery. New developments in software, imaging modalities, additive manufacturing, and customization of implants are poised to revolutionize the field of reconstructive surgery. Digital 3D design data is used in additive manufacturing technologies process to build a component in layers with deposition of material. Additive manufacturing technologies uses material in powder form to build a product. Additive manufacturing technologies are useful in cases where conventional technologies have limitations and when a new approach to design and manufacture is required to derive a solution. Additive technologies use a design driven manufacturing process, thereby enabling highly complex structures to be light and stable. The principle behind additive manufacturing technologies is applying a powder material in the form of layers to build the platform. Then a beam of powerful laser fuses with the powder exactly at defined points generated by computer component design data. Later the platform is lowered and the process is repeated for application of one more powder layer. There is again fusion of material and the technique used depending upon the type of material materials. Additive technology is effective in making pieces that are resilient and precise. Hence, the technology is being used to develop products with benefits such as design free, low quantity economic, material efficiency, predictable time, and reduced assembly space.
Download Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=41096
Global Additive Manufacturing Technologies Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rapidly changing economies of scale, rise in gold prices, outsourced manufacturing making it important to find cost effective methods, increase in demand for restoration, government investment, increased application areas, robust product development at low cost, and ease of development with customized products drive the global market. However, regulatory uncertainty, limited choice of materials used, material and process manufacturing qualification and certification standards, and ethical consideration are likely to restrain the market.
Global Additive Manufacturing Technologies Market: Key Segments
The global additive manufacturing technologies market can be segmented based on technology, processes, application, end-user, and region. In terms of technology, the additive manufacturing technologies market can be bifurcated into stereo lithography and 3D printing. Based on process, the global additive manufacturing technologies market can be classified into VAT photopolymerization, material jetting, material extrusion, binder jetting, sheet lamination, power bed fusion, and directed energy deposition. In terms of application, the additive manufacturing technologies market can be categorized into bone transplants, dentistry, plastic surgery, and artificial blood vessels. Based on end-user, the global additive manufacturing technologies market can be divided into high-end hospitals, dental clinics, ambulatory surgical centers, and medical research laboratories. In terms of region, the global additive manufacturing technologies market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=41096
Several industrial applications for additive manufacturing technologies have been developed in the last five years. North America and Europe lead the global additive manufacturing technologies market. However, Asia Pacific is an attractive emerging additive manufacturing technologies market and is expected to lead the global additive manufacturing technologies market in the next few years. China and Japan are the leading additive manufacturing technologies market in Asia Pacific. The additive manufacturing technologies market is expected to expand in developing countries such as India and Brazil. Research and development activities mostly take place in the U.S., the U.K. and Germany. Several manufacturing firms are looking for investment in additive manufacturing technologies equipment in Latin America to expand in this potential market.
Global Additive Manufacturing Technologies Market: Key Players
Top players in the global additive manufacturing technologies market are 3D Systems, Arcam, Bespoke Innovations, Envision TEC, EOS, Innovation MediTech, Lima Corporate, Medial Modeling, Renishaw plc, Optomec, Organovo, Ossis, Oxford Performance Materials, and Visualization Sciences, among others.
Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/additive-manufacturing-technologies-market.html
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Robin Eames' elevation to Archbishop of Armagh caused consternation among his Catholic counterparts – who thought he was a “cold fish”, newly declassified Irish state papers reveal.
In a meeting between then-Cardinal Tomas O Fiach and an Irish government official in 1986, the Catholic Church leader let it be known he was less than enthusiastic about his new ecclesiastical neighbour.
“Eames, whom he has known for years, has a poor ecumenical record and, at the personal level, is something of a ‘cold fish',” the official reported being told by Cardinal O Fiach in a missive to the Taoiseach's office.
The Catholic leader indicated he would have preferred then Bishop of Derry and Raphoe James Mehaffey to take up his opposite number in Armagh.
Lord Eames was active in Ulster Unionist circles, said Cardinal O Fiach, but he remarked he would keep an “open mind” about him as he appeared constructive about the recently signed Anglo-Irish Agreement.
Separately, then-Bishop Cathal Daly – who went on to become Catholic Archbishop of Armagh – also confided in an Irish official in February 1986 that he had his doubts about the new Anglican leader.
“From his time as Bishop of Derry and Raphoe, Eames does not have a good record as an ecumenist and in private conversation his unionist views emerge quite clearly,” Bishop Daly said, according to a note of the meeting.
The bishop hoped that Eames' responsibility for the Church of Ireland on both sides of the border “will cause him to offer more balanced views in future than his form to date would suggest”.
“He is not certain, however, that Eames will emulate the ecumenical standards set by (Archbishop John) Armstrong in Armagh.”
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has confirmed there will be a referendum on the Eight Amendment to the Constitution on abortion next year.
He said Minister for Health Simon Harris would be responsible for bringing forward legislation to allow for the referendum on the amendment, which gives an equal right to life to the mother and the unborn.
Announcing his Cabinet to the Dáil, the Taoiseach said the “Rebuilding Ireland” housing programme would be reviewed within three months and any additional measures considered.
He said he was determined the Government would show new ambition when it came to climate change by setting out a road map to a low carbon economy.
“Climate will be the first item to be discussed at our first full day strategic Cabinet meeting in a few weeks time,” he added.
He said his Government would be one of purpose and a genuine partnership to work to improve the lives of all citizens.
Sovereignty
Mr Varadkar said the amalgamation of the departments of Public Expenditure and Finance, and having the same Minister, was logical because of the restoration of economic sovereignty.
Mr Varadkar said a country and political system which had weathered difficulties should be able to get the health services right. The recent all-party committee report on health would meet with a detailed response with proposed measures and timelines, he said.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin said the use of the “Super Junior” role was starting to be abused with four Ministers of State now in roles attending Cabinet.
Mr Martin described it as an “avenue of convenience” as Independent Alliance TD Finian McGrath, Mary Mitchell O'Connor, Joe McHugh and Paul Kehoe now hold Super Junior jobs.
The Cork South-Central TD congratulated his constituency colleague Simon Coveney on his transfer as Minister for Foreign Affairs, a department he described as “excellent”.
Attorney general
Mr Martin returned to his criticism of the appointment of outgoing Labour appointed attorney general Maire Whelan to the Court of Appeal and said it “stinks”.
“This is not something that can be got over with a ‘we'll do better the next time'. And the silence from the Labour party is disappointing.”
He asked why Minister for Transport Shane Ross who staunchly opposed political intervention in judicial appointments “quietly wave through this appointment”.
He said it was a “good old fashioned trade between a judicial appointment and the re-opening of a Garda station”
Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald said Mr Varadkar's first decision in the appointment of his Cabinet “reflects caution and conservatism”, and had a Cabinet of “procrastinators, excuse makers and responsibility evaders”.
She said it was very interesting to hear Mr Martin “talk tough” but he was for the second time ushering a Fine Gael Taoiseach into office.
She said Sinn Féin was criticised for abstentionism at Westminster but “the true abstentionists of Irish politics are in fact Fianna Fáil as they sit on the fence and look the other way and give you, Taoiseach Varadkar, a honeymoon of indefinite duration”.
Ms McDonald said the Taoiseach should make it clear that his promise of an abortion referendum should be early next year.
Both call for an independent redistricting commission to draw new supervisorial lines in 2020, at the time of the next census
A pair of competing redistricting proposals collided at Tuesday's Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors meeting — and it looks like both are moving forward on the November ballot.
A group called Reason in Government gathered more than 16,000 signatures to place a measure on the ballot that would call for an independent redistricting commission to draw new supervisorial lines in 2020, at the time of the next census.
In response, Supervisor Das Williams developed a competing ordinance that he believes is more fair than the Reason in Government proposal, ant that bars public employees and those who are members of unions from serving on the commission.
The superisors expressed support for Williams' proposal, but praised Reason in Government's proposal, which is headed by Montecito resident Bob Collector.
"Whether you like Mr. Collector's work or not, I promise you we would not be talking about it if he hadn't brought this forward," Fifth District Supervisor Steve Lavagnino.
The board voted 5-0 in support of Williams' proposal, which will have a second reading on July 17.
The board also voted unanimously to review the Reason in Government's proposal again on July 17, giving staff time to answer some of the supervisors' questions that came up in the meeting.
Both proposals are destined for the November ballot.
If they both fail, the process would revert to the current system; if they both pass, the one with the highest vote percentage wins.
"I think both of these copies represent a really good faith effort to do the right thing," said Supervisor Peter Adam. "It is kind of neat that all sides are doing something."
All of the supervisors agreed that an outside group drawing the lines would be better than the current system in which the supervisors draw them.
"Anything is better than the status quo," Lavagnino said. "When we are drawing our own lines, it doesn't make a lot of sense."
The main difference between the two proposals is that Collector's seeks to disqualify most people affilitated with partisan politics and previous political involvement, whereas Williams' proposal looks for people with qualified experience.
For example, the Reason in Government proposal states that the districting commission would consist of five members, plus five alternates. They could not be a registered member of a political party, or have changed their political party for the prior eight years of being appointed to the commission.
The panel members also could not have been elected to a office or been a candidate during the previous eight years. The person also could not have served as an officer, employee, paid consultant or an elected or appointed member of a political party.
The restrictious would also apply to people who have family members who held those posts.
Under Williams' proposal, however, the redistricting commission would be comprised of 11 members, with at least two members coming from each supervisorial district and one member being at-large. It requires that the person voted in Santa Barbara County elections, in at least one of the last three statewide elections.
It requires applicants to possess "analytical skills relevant to the redistricting process and voting rights," the ability to be impartial, and demonstrate an appreciation for the diverse demographics and geography of the county.
Williams proposal also equires the commission to be as proportional as possible to the total number of voters who are registered with each political party, and "reflect the county's diversity, including racial, ethnic, geographic, age and gender diversity."
In addition, Williams "You Draw the Lines" proposal requires the county elections official to create a pool of the 45 most qualified applicants with a minimum of five applicants from each existing supervisorial district and the District Attorney to conduct a random drawing to select one commissioner from each of district.
The five selected commissioners shall appoint the remaining six applicants, with five coming from each district and one at large based on the qualifications listed.
"What we want are people who are interested, but not conflicted,” Adam said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Joshua Molina can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
New Zealand's high youth suicide rate has been highlighted in the latest international report on children's wellbeing.
NZ ranked 34th out of 41 EU/OECD countries in the report by the UNICEF Office of Research - Innocenti.
The report looks at how well countries perform in relation to the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
New Zealand performs best in "Sustainable Cities and Communities" - ranked 9th, but comes dead last in the "Good Health and Well-Being" category - 38th overall.
But it's the high adolescent suicide rate that is really highlighted in the report.
The rate of 15.6 youth suicides per 100,000 people puts NZ at the bottom of the table.
NZ also has the 67th highest teenage birth rate, with 23.3 births per 1000 females aged 15 to 19.
UNICEF NZs National Advocacy Manager Prudence Stone says the report is a wake-up call.
"Contrary to the way we'd like to think, New Zealand is evidently not the greatest place to grow up in. The more we've focused on New Zealand's economic well-being, the more we've lost sight of our children's," Dr Stone says.
The report says high incomes do not automatically lead to improved outcomes for all children, and may in fact deepen inequalities.
Dr Stone says Kiwi kids are continuing to miss out.
The report also finds 10 per cent of children under the age of 15 are living with an adult who is deemed "food insecure".
Deputy Labour leader Jacinda Adern says "failing to put food on the table is more common than the Government cares to admit".
"The report shows that national income alone is no guarantee of a good record in sustaining child wellbeing."
Govt. forces control over 60% of eastern Mosul
A suicide car bomb attack in a densely-populated neighborhood of Baghdad on Monday killed at least 36 people and left dozens wounded, police and hospital officials said.
Many of the victims were daily laborers waiting for jobs at an intersection in Sadr City in the northeast of the capital that has been repeatedly targeted, AFP reported.
Pictures posted on social media shortly after the explosion showed a huge plume of black smoke billowing into the sky and seriously injured people being evacuated.
According to Reuters, it was a Daesh car bomb, and the terrorists cut a key road north from the capital to Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Daesh from the northern city of Mosul, but are facing fierce resistance. The group has lost most of the territory it seized in a blitz across northern and western Iraq in 2014.
"The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life," Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told reporters after meeting with visiting French President Francois Hollande.
Mosul operations
--------------
A high-ranking Iraqi military commander said government forces continue to make advances in their joint operations with pro-government fighters to liberate Mosul from the grip of Daesh terrorists, and managed to establish control over more than a half of the eastern side of the strategic northern city.
Staff Lieutenant General Abdulwahab al-Saadi, a top commander in Iraq's Counterterrorism Service (CTS), told AFP on Sunday that more than 60 percent of eastern Mosul has been retaken from Daesh.
The remarks came on the same day that Iraqi security forces made advances in Mosul's eastern Intisar neighborhood.
“On the fourth day, our troops were able to liberate the Intisar neighborhood as well as the Saha neighborhood. They are now clearing the Salam neighborhood. They are clashing with the enemy. Large numbers of our enemy were killed yesterday, and Thank God the defeat broke their back. Today, we will continue our advance,” Federal Police officer, Major General Ali Lami, said.
Meanwhile, the commander of Nineveh Liberation Operation, General Abdul Amir Rashid Yarallah, said Iraqi Special Operations Forces regained full control of Southern Al-Karama, Younes al-Sabawi and Yafa neighborhoods in eastern Mosul on Sunday.
Iraqi Army soldiers, supported by pro-government Popular Mobilization Units (commonly known by the Arabic name Hashd al-Sha'abi) and Kurdish Peshmerga forces, launched a joint operation on October 17 to retake Mosul from Daesh terrorists.
The Iraqi forces' advance has, however, been slowed down due to the presence of hundreds of thousands of civilians, many of whom are prevented from leaving Mosul by Daesh.
Military positions targeted
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Daesh also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield, killing at least 16 pro-government fighters and cutting a strategic road linking the city to Baghdad, Reuters reported.
Terrorists attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 kilometers (110 miles) north of the capital, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat Mayor Ali Dodah said Daesh seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, he told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they killed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shia militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when terrorists attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machineguns, police sources said.
FILLER STEAMROLLS INTO THE KNOCKOUT ROUNDS
Young German star joins 31 other players in the final 64 as the field is cut in half after Day 2 of the World 9-ball Championship.
By Ted Lerner
WPA Press Officer
(Doha, Qatar)–The action at the 2017 World 9-ball Championship picked up apace on Day 2, as 32 players out of the field of 128 were shown the exits, while another 32 punched their tickets to the Final 64 single elimination knockout stage.
The remaining 32 players to vie for pool's most prestigious crown will be determined on Monday at the Al Arabi Sports Club in Doha. From there all eyes will be on the prize, as whoever wins six straight matches over three days will be crowned the new champion of the world in 9-ball come December 14th.
For those who hastily got their pink slips on Sunday, there wasn't too much misery to speak of. This was due to the fact that most of the 32 players who took their second defeats really had no hope of making much noise in the first place. However, there were several shockers that still turned some heads throughout the pool world.
Mika Immonen is normally a player fans expect to make a run in big events. But the 44 year old Hall of Famer never seemed to get it together this week. In a do-or-die match against Korea's Woo Seung Ryu, Immonen fell flat for the second day in a row, bowing out of the tournament in the group stage via a 9-5 score line.
Alex Pagulayan reached the semi-finals last year here in Doha, but 2017 in Doha turned out to be a stinker for the Fil-Canadian. The gregarious 39 year old fell to Lebanon's Mohammad Berjawi , 9-7, and was knocked out barely after the proceedings had begun.
Other notable players who were shown the exits included China's Wang Can, and Japan's Toru Korubiyashi.
For the Americans, the 2017 campaign will go down as perhaps the worst in the illustrious 25 year history of the World 9-ball Championship. No big name American players bothered to make the trip to the Middle East this year. And the two that did, Hunter Lombardo and Robert Hart, both went two matches and out. This could be the first time in history that the last 64 of the World 9-ball Championship will not feature one single American player.
The field that is taking shape for the final 64 is, however, looking very deep indeed. One thing that is certainly quite apparent already is that the youth movement throughout the sport will continue and expand this week in Doha.
20 year old German Joshua Filler has been generating tons of excitement throughout the pool world lately. His incredible talent and devil-may-care shooting style has many proclaiming that the German youngster is destined to be the Ronnie O'Sullivan of the pool world. Despite a long trip from Vegas where he won the Mosconi Cup and captured the MVP prize for Team Europe, Filler hasn't missed a beat here in Doha. On Sunday he played without a care in the world, first taking down Greece's Damianos Giallourakis, 9-6, and then handily defeating China's Kong Dejing by the same score for a spot in the final 64.
“I feel really exhausted and not quite the same,” Filler said after his second win. “I won both matches 9-6. I just have to improve my break and let's see what happens over the next few days.
“You can't really compare this to the Mosconi Cup where you play in front of 1500 people and millions at home. There is so much pressure because you play for your team and your country. Here I play more relaxed and there's not too much pressure.
“Inside I feel very confident, I say to myself I'm the best player but I need that. I just play my best game and I want to win this world championship. At 20 years old it would be perfect. At the beginning of this year I had two dreams. One was to win the Mosconi Cup and the other was to win the World Championship.”
Another youngster grabbing a lot of attention is 19 year old Albanian Klenti Kaci. While the exact opposite of Filler in terms of speed and style, the talented Kaci always seems to find a way to win, no matter the opponent. On Sunday, the Albanian star defeated Chu Bingjie of China to qualify for the final 64.
In terms of countries, Taiwan easily had the best day on Sunday with six players qualifying for the final 64. World number one Chang Jung Lin, Chang Yu Lung, Ko Pin Yi, Ko Ping Chung, Lin Wu Kun and Chieh Liu Cheng all won their second straight matches to make the knockout rounds.
The Philippines is looking like it will send its usual armada to the knockout rounds. Carlo Biado, Jeffrey De Luna and Jeffrey Ignacio all won their second straight matches and qualified for the final 64. Warren Kiamco, Johann Chua, Francisco Felicilda, and Roland Garcia all lost on the winners side of their groups and will have one more chance on Monday to try and make the knockout rounds.
There will be Europeans aplenty in the final 64. Defending champion Albin Ouschan of Austria handily beat Taiwan's Hsieh Chia Chen 9-5 to advance. Spain's Francisco Sanchez Ruiz, Russia's Konstantin Stepanov, Sweden's Fischer Sparrenlov, Greece's Nikolas Malai and Alexander Kazakis, the Netherlands Marco Teutscher, Czech's Roman Hybler, Polish veteran Radislaw Babica, and 19 year old Lithuanian Pijus Labutis all won their second matches to make the grade.
It was a good day for South America at the World 9-ball Championship. Venezuela's Jalal Al Sarisi(Yousef) beat the Philippines Johann Chua 9-8 to advance. Peru will have its first ever player in the knockout rounds after Martines Gerson defeated Germany's Andre Lackner 9-8.
Japan's Naoyuki Oi barely squeaked by Canada's John Morra, 9-8, to qualify. While compatriot Hayato Hijikata took down Estonia's Dennis Grabe on the winners side to make the knockout rounds.
Play in the group stages continues at the Al Arabi Sports Club in Doha on Monday beginning at 10am Doha time(GMT +3). All matches will be do-or-die on the one loss side of the brackets. The winners will advance to the final 64, while the losers will be out of the tournament.
The Final 64, single elimination round begins on Tuesday Dec. 12. All matches will be a race to 11, alternate break. The final will be a race to 13, alternate break.
**The 2017 WPA World 9-ball Championship takes place at the Al Arabi Sports Club in Doha, Qatar from December 5-15,2017
The winner of the 2017 World 9-ball Championship will receive $30,000. The runner-up will receive $15,000. The total prize fund is $200,000.
Fans around the world will be able to view many of the matches via the QBSF's free live streaming platform. Multiple tables will be available to view online at no charge to the public.
For live stream, live scoring and updated brackets, please go to the following links:
Live stream:
http://www.esnooker.pl/live/en/video_new.php?stol=1
Live scoring:
http://www.esnooker.pl/live/en/tsnew.php
Double Elimination Brackets:
http://www.esnooker.pl/…/2017/w9bc/en/show_drabinka_2KO.php
The players will compete on Wiraka DYNASTY Tables with Simonis 860 Cloth, Electric Blue Color and using Aramith Tournament Pro cup TV Pool Balls featuring the new Duramith Technology.
The 2017 World 9-ball Championship is hosted by The Qatar Billiard and Snooker Federation(QBSF), and was sanctioned by the The World Pool Billiard Association, the governing body of the sport of pool.
Fans can interact with us through the WPA's official Facebook Page for the event at this link;https://www.facebook.com/worldpoolbilliardassociation/
The WPA is also on Twitter; @poolwpa
Visit the official website of the WPA at www.wpapool.com
Day 2 Results, One loss side matches
Group 1
Jorge Llanos(ARG) 9 – 7 James Georgiadis(AUS)
Takhti Zarekani(IRA) 9 – 5 Kong Bu Hong(HKG)
Group 2
Hassan Zeraatgar(IRA) 9 – 6 Zine El Abidine Cherif(MOR)
Maung Maung(MYR) 9 – 6 Takano Tomoo(JPN)
Group 3
Junho Lee(KOR) 9 – 1 Mohamed El Raousti(ALG)
Woo Seung Ryu(KOR) 9 – 5 Mika Immonen(FIN)
Group 4
Majed Alazmi(Kuwait) 9 – 8 Jason Theron(RSA)
Teck Goh Chin(SIN) 9 – 4 Robert Hart(USA)
Group 5
Fawaz Al Rashedi(Kuwait) 9 – 3 Farahat Bouchaib(MOR)
Wojciech Szewczyk(POL) 9 – 6 Ahmed Tanvir(Bangladesh)
Group 6
Han Haoxiang(CHN) 9 – 4 Hunter Lombardo(USA)
Damianos Giallourakis(GRE) 9 – 2 Dharminder Lilly(IND)
Group 7
Mohammad Berjawi(LEB) 9 – 7 Alex Pagulayan(CAN)
Maksim Dudanets(RUS) 9 – 5 Aayush Kumar(IND)
Group 8
Lo Li Wen(TPE) 9 – 4 Tao Ying Duo(TPE)
Wiktor Zielinski(POL) 9 – 3 Mazin Berjawai(LEB)
Group 9
Mohammadali Pordel(IRA) 9 – 5 Abdulatif Alfawal(QAT)
Fedor Gorst(RUS) 9 – 7 Wang Can(CHN)
Group 10
Ali Alobaidli(QAT) 9 – 4 Ip Tung Pong(HKG)
Nguyen Anh Tuan(VET) 9 – 6 Ali Maghsoud(IRA)
Group 11
Waleed Majid(QAT) 9 – 2 Nadim Okbani(ALG)
Hiroshi Takenaka(JPN) 9 – 2 Mohammed Hassan(MAL)
Group 12
Mhanaa Alobaidli(QAT) 9 – 4 Hashim Ahusanu(MAL)
Henrique Correia(POR) 9 – 8 Toru Kuribayashi(JPN)
Group 13
Xu Xiao Cong(CHN) 9 – 2 Kong Hojun(KOR)
Samuel Santos(POR) 9 – 3 Osama Anga(LIB)
Group 14
Yu Li Si(TPE) 9 – 0 Abderrahmane Mebarki(ALG)
Thorsten Hohmann(GER) 9 – 6 Bashar Abdulmajeed(QAT)
Group 15
Daniel Tangudd(UKR) 9 – 3 Mohammed Alkhashawi(KUW)
Ariel Castro(ARG) 9 – 6 Yang Shing Shun(TPE)
Group 16
Israel Rota(PHI) 9 – 1 Jermiah Naidoo(RSA)
Abdullah Alyusef(KUW) 9 – 8 Meshaal Al Murdhi(KUW)
Day 2 results, Winner Side Matches
Group 1
Jung Lin Chang(TPE) 9 – 8 Francisco Felecilda(PHI)
Chang Yu Lung(TPE) 9 – 5 Mateusz Sniegocki(POL)
Group 2
Jalal Al Sarisi(VEN) 9 – 8 Johann Chua(PHI)
Francisco Sanchez Ruiz(ESP) 9 – 5 Mieszko Fortunski(POL)
Group 3
Jeffrey De Luna(PHI) 9 – 3 Muzammil Hussain(QAT)
Kwang Chan Keng(SIN) 9 – 7 Bader Alawadhi(KUW)
Group 4
Konstantin Stepanov(RUS) 9 – 7 Warren Kiamco(PHI)
Jeffrey Ignacio(PHI) 9 – 6 Dang Jinhu(CHN)
Group 5
Ko Pin Yi(TPE) 9 – 8 Luu Minh Phuc(VIE)
Fischer Sparrenlov(SWE) 9 – 8 Niels Feijen(HOL)
Group 6
Nikolas Malai(GRE) 9 – 7 Ahmad Naiem (JOR)
Joshua Filler(GER) 9 – 6 Kong Dejing(CHN)
Group 7
Lo Ho Sum(HKG) 9 – 7 Yukio Akagariyam(JPN)
Maximilian Lechner(AUT) 9 – 5 Roland Garcia(PHI)
Group 8
Hoang Duong Quoc(VIE) 9 – 8 Mario He(AUT)
Martin Daigle(CAN) 9 – 7 Keven Cheng(TPE)
Group 9
Albin Ouschan(AUT) 9 – 5 Hsieh Chia Chen(TPE)
Liu Haitao(CHN) 9 – 5 Chih Nien Rong(TPE)
Group 10
Roman Hybler(CZE) 9 – 7 Ralf Souquet(GER)
Tomasz Kaplan(POL) 9 – 8 Ruslan Chinakov(RUS)
Group 11
Alexander Kazakis(GRE) 9 – 7 Sebastian Ludwig(GER)
Klenti Kaci(ALB) 9 – 6 Chu Bingjie(CHN)
Group 12
Radoslaw Babica(POL) 9 – 4 David Alcaide(ESP)
Ko Ping Chung(TPE) 9 – 5 Md Al Amin(BAN)
Group 13
Carlo Biado(PHI) 9 – 4 Richard Halliday(RSA)
Hayato Hijikata(JPN) 9 – 4 Dennis Grabe(EST)
Group 14
Lin Wu Kun(TPE) 9 – 7 Petri Makkonen(FIN)
Pijus Labutis(LIT) 9 – 4 Abdulkhizar Hasanin(IRQ)
Group 15
Naoyuki Oi(JPN) 9 – 8 John Morra(CAN)
Marco Teutscher(NED) 9 – 2 Wu Jiaqing(CHN)
Group 16
Chieh Liu Cheng(TPE) 9 – 7 Konrad Juszczyszyn(POL)
Martines Gerson(PER) 9 – 8 Andre Lackner(GER)
Our spies have broken the law accessing Customs and Immigration data and have resisted explaining to the intelligence oversight body why they have done so.
That's the blunt statement spelled out in the latest annual report from the Inspector General of Intelligence and Security.
It suggests two of the country's most capable public service lawyers are at a standoff with former deputy Solicitor-General Cheryl Gwynn holding the role of Inspector General and former Cabinet secretary Rebecca Kitteridge as the head of the NZSIS.
The details are revealed in the latest annual report from Gwynn into the NZ Security Intelligence Service and the Government Communications Security Bureau.
Advertisement
In it, Gwynn said the NZSIS had "unlawfully obtained Customs data" until mid-2016 and it had not properly explained why.
She said practices had since changed with the new law governing the intelligence services allowing the NZSIS to get Customs and Immigration data through a "Direct Access Agreement".
But Gwynn said the argument over its earlier method had dragged out over three years and was "excessive", in part because the NZSIS took "considerable time to obtain legal advice on all of the issues that this matter raised".
Gwynn said "it was difficult to elicit a comprehensive and fully reasoned response from the NZSIS" to her May 2016 report or other correspondence over access of the Customs data.
"I found the agency was reluctant to engage with my office on the substantive issues."
Instead, in August 2017 the NZSIS told Gwyn [it was] "its final view as to the lawfulness of some of its access to information".
It was a position Gwynn said she disagreed with.
Gwynn said that the NZSIS had shown "some reluctance about disclosing its own internal legal advice" on key issues which was "contrary to the clear words of the legislation and longstanding practice".
The NZSIS decision to withhold the details "impeded my ability to understand fully the operational situation at the particular time".
Gwynn said it was for her and not the NZSIS to find the information needed for oversight.
She said "historically legal opinions have been provided by both agencies to my office" and it was "essential" for the IGIS to know how the law is being interpreted and applied by the agency.
Gwynn said the NZSIS must be able to act lawfully and it was still unclear whether the NZSIS could "lawfully treat immigration information collected by it previously" as if it were collected under the new "Direct Access Agreement".
The difference of opinion between the NZSIS and the IGIS pits Gwynn against Kitteridge on a legal point, argued over three years.
The annual report of the Inspector General of Intelligence and Security is the nation's primary health-check on the activities of our spies.
Gwynn said her office was preparing to public findings on "allegations of GCSB surveillance in the South Pacific". It was also expected early 2018 would see the release of the IGIS inquiry "into possible New Zealand engagement with CIA detention and interrogation".
There were also findings about to be released into the status of warnings delivered by staff working for the NZSIS and another into information collected under the Customs and Excise Act and the Immigration Act.
Gwynn said her office had noted an increase in the amount of information provided by the agencies when seeking warrants. She said applications for interception and surveillance warrants now included greater detail which allowed the person granting the warrant whether it was "necessary and proportionate".
An earlier inquiry by Gwynn had raised issue with the level of detail in NZSIS warrant applications.
Gwynn also noted the turnaround of the GCSB practices and systems since an adverse inquiry in 2013 - by Kitteridge as Cabinet Secretary - found the bureau was following a misinterpretation of its own law.
A statement from Kitteridge didn't deal with the Customs and Immigration data but focused on Gwyn's broad finding legal compliance was good.
"NZSIS staff are committed to protecting the safety of New Zealanders and always strive to work within the law.
"Our legal compliance systems are in a much better place. In 2014, when I started in this role, the NZSIS did not have a compliance team; nor did it have a compliance framework for staff to follow.
"We now have both, and I believe this has played a significant role in encouraging a strong compliance culture."
Connecticut Law Tribune announces CRC Services, LLC in their Best of 2017 Hall of Fame
10 Consecutive Years & Now the Hall of Fame
Contact
David M. Soja, C.A.G.S., M.Ed., M.S.
CRC Services, LLC
david.soja@crc- s.com
413-567-5871 David M. Soja, C.A.G.S., M.Ed., M.S.CRC Services, LLC413-567-5871
End
-- Each year the Connecticut Law Tribune conducts a "Best of" survey, reaching out to their readers to identify the best providers of services and goods to the legal community. The results are in for the 13annual polling of readers and for the 10consecutive year, CRC Services, LLC was voted into the Top 3 Best Overall Expert Witness Providers. The consistent and continuous recognition of its high-caliber service and expertise also earned CRC Services, LLC a place in the Connecticut Law Tribune Best of 2017 Hall of Fame.CRC Services, LLC is a vocational firm specializing in a wide array of vocational consulting, rehabilitation and advising services to governmental agencies, private business, insurance companies, the legal community and the general public. CRC Services provides highly specialized vocational consulting and rehabilitation services to meet the vocational and employment needs of disabled workers, veterans, employers, career changers and students entering their first career.In response to rising litigation and alternative dispute resolution, CRC Services provides vocational expert witness fsbdt services on complex vocational issues pertaining to employability, lost wage analysis, labor market access, wage earning capacity, and vocational life care plans. They assist both plaintiff and defense counsel in workers compensation, personal injury including product liability, wrongful termination, divorce law, Social Security, private disability and ERISA appeals, educational law, and veteran law matters.In receiving both of these prestigious honors from the Connecticut Law Tribune's Best of Survey, David Soja says,CRC Services, LLC was founded in 1981 by David M. Soja, C.A.G.S., M.Ed., M.S., in Longmeadow, MA and now includes offices in CT, NY and CA with nationwide availability. Members of the Massachusetts Bar Association, Connecticut Bar Association, Chi Sigma Iota (CSI) - Counseling Academic and Professional Honor Society International, and the International Association of Rehabilitation Professionals (IARP),. Credentials include Certified Rehabilitation Counselor (CRC), Certified Case Manager (CCM), Certified Brain Injury Specialist (CBIS), Licensed Rehabilitation Counselor (LRC), Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC), International Psychometric Evaluator Certification (IPEC) and Diplomate of the American Board of Vocational Experts (ABVE), among others. https://www.crcservicesllc.com Source: Connecticut Law Tribune's "Best of 2017" issue on Oct. 30, 2017, pages 4 & 19.
Warri (Delta) – The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) DELTA on Wednesday handed over a vessel with more than 386,000 litres of stolen crude and nine suspects to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
The Commander, NNS DELTA, Commodore Ibrahim Dewu, handed over the vessel and the suspects to the officials of the anti-graft agency at the Warri Naval Base.
Addressing newsmen after the handover, Dewu said the vessel christened MT Nipal and the Nigerian suspects were apprehended on Jan. 31.
The commander said that they were nabbed by the navy personnel while allegedly siphoning crude oil at the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) Afremo field.
“MT Nipal was apprehended Jan. 31, 2018. The suspects were caught while siphoning crude oil at the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) Afremo field.
“It had 386,000 litres of crude oil and four out of the eight tanks of the vessel bore the product.
“We have carried out our investigations. Today, we are handing over the vessels with its crew, about nine Nigerians on board, to the EFCC to carry out full investigations,” he said.
Dewu, who said that the navy would not relent in ridding the Nigerian territorial waterways of illegalities, advised the perpetrators to seek a better and alternative means of livelihood.
“I advised those who indulged in the illegal oil business to desist from carrying out these illegal activities.
“If they want to go into oil business, there are proper ways to go about it. They should stay away from illegal oil theft because it is an economic sabotage,” he said.
Mr Richard Ogberagha, Senior Detective Superintendent (SDS), EFCC, Benin office, who led some members of the commission, promised to fully investigate the vessel and suspects.
“EFCC will carry out preliminary investigations to determine the evidence of the involvement of the people,” he said. (NAN)
ROCK SPRINGS — A suspect was arrested late Thursday night when he broke out an occupied home's front window in Rock Springs and made a forced entry.
Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell said t­­he charges against Eric Woodbeck, 37, include criminal entry, four counts of domestic violence, and DUI.
At about 10:00 PM on Thursday night, a woman called the Sweetwater Combined Communications Center and reported that she was hiding inside her home on Springs Drive; that a stranger had broken out the front window and was now inside. County deputies and Wyoming Highway Patrol troopers responded to the report and entered the residence, where they encountered and arrested Woodbeck, whom they found in the kitchen. The caller was unharmed.
At the scene, deputies also encountered a man identified as Tim Lowseth, Woodbeck's cousin, and determined that the two live together on Purple Sage Road west of Rock Springs. Lowseth said Woodbeck punched and headbutted him in the cab of Woodbeck's pickup, which Woodbeck was driving along Springs Drive, and struck Lowseth with a whiskey bottle. Lowseth told deputies he'd escaped the pickup and hid until law enforcement vehicles arrived.
Woodbeck was taken first to Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County in Rock Springs, where bleeding wounds to his left forearm and right leg were treated, after which he was booked into the Sweetwater County Detention Center. As of press time, he remains in custody.
Wakefield Exterior
End
-- - Income Property Organization (http://www.incomepo.com/)(IPO) is the listing brokerage for a 67-unit apartment complex in Southfield, Mich., the bidding for which is now open until March 15, 2017. The property, known as Wakefield Apartment Homes, is located in Michigan's wealthiest county and the second most populated county in the state of Michigan.Current occupancy for Wakefield is 92.5 percent. The newly renovated complex is located on 1.62 acres of property and there is ample parking and carports, along with in-unit laundry hook ups.There are nine two-story buildings in the complex, which has a utility reimbursement and trash pickup fee negotiated with tenants.Wakefield Apartment Homes, which were built in 1976, are configured in what is being described as an "incredibly competitive"breakdown of unit styles, including one 1,000-square foot, one-bedroom unit, thirteen 1,400-square-foot stacked two-bedroom units, thirty three 1,400-square-foot three-bedroom units and nineteen 1,400-square-foot ranch-style three-bedroom units.Unit amenities include washer and dryer hook-ups, central air, individual entrances, and a balcony or patio.The property is equipped with a tenant-paid, gas-forced air heating systems, which offers considerable savings to an owner, especially when the cost associated with heating units of this size is factored into the analysis.Because the units have exterior entrances, an owner also incurs virtually no expense for common area utilities.The complex received a $1.3 million rehabilitation that was done to the property over the course of the last four years, including replacement of windows and door walls, entry doors, roofs, exterior painting, lighting, landscaping, parking lots, HVAC replacement, retention pond repairs and various unit upgrades.Income Property Organization in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. offers customized brokerage services that are designed to meet the specific needs of a wide range of clients -- private owners as well as institutional investors -- who want to buy or sell income property. To learn more or inquire about multifamily investment opportunities, visit http://www.incomepo.com or contact Greg Coulter at (248) 932-0300.
During a phone call on Saturday German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed to discuss solutions to global steel overcapacity.
Merkel and Xi "emphasized the importance of close and multilateral cooperation in international trade," according to German government spokesman Steffan Seibert.
He added that the two leaders also congratulated each other on their re-elections and called for a "deepening" of their countries' strategic partnership.
Merkel invited Xi's government to visit Berlin for consultation, while Xi invited Merkel to visit China. No details about whether the visits would take place has been released.
State news agency Xinhua said Xi told Merkel that the two countries should "become advocates for a new-type of international relations" and cooperate as partners despite their ideological differences.
"China-Germany relations will steadily proceed far as long as they adhere to equality and mutual respect, understand and care for each other's core interests and major concerns, and properly control and handle their differences," Xinhua said, attributing the comments to Xi.
Steely discussions at G20 in Argentina
Merkel and Xi's commitment to the G20 comes ahead of a major summit of the the organization which starts on Monday in the Argentinian capital Buenos Aires.
German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz is to discuss steel overcapacity with US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on the summit's sidelines.
Read more: Merkel defends surplus as US threatens trade war
The meeting is set to take place amid heightened trade tensions sparked by planned US tariffs on steel and aluminum that will start on March 23.
US President Donald Trump said the measures — 25 percent tariffs on steel and 10 percent tariffs on aluminum — would help combat steel and aluminum gluts caused by China.
Germany, China and other steel producing countries have denounced the tariffs as short-sighted and ineffective. Merkel said on Friday the tariffs violated World Trade Organization principles, and called for international dialogue to discuss solutions to prevent excess supply.
The EU has threatened to retaliate with its own tariffs on US goods if Washington does not exempt its steel and aluminum from the measures.
Read more: US, China still at odds over steel overcapacity
Watch video 00:56 Share Europe delivers potential tariff list Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uUN5 Europe Delivers Potential Tariff Hit-List to USA
Chinese problem
Steel producers in the US and the EU have been squeezed by excess supply in global steel markets caused by China's domestic production. China accounts for more than half of global overcapacity.
The US and EU have used the G20 in recent years to urge China to cut generous state subsidies to domestic steel producers to try and curb the amount of cheap steel entering the market.
But China has so far resisted cutting its supply without other countries also taking action.
Read more: China breaks promise of cuts to steel capacities
Watch video 02:11 Share European Union Hopes to Avoid Trade War with the USA Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uLf1 European Union Hopes to Avoid Trade War with USA
amp/jm (AP, Reuters, dpa)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
April 20 Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited
* Us$150 Million 4.5% Senior Perpetual Securities To Be Issued Under The Us$1 Billion Mtn Programme
* Series 2 perpetual securities are expected to be issued on 26 april 2017
* Net proceeds arising from issue of series 2 perpetual securities will be used to refinance existing borrowings of group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Bringing the Cloud in house: Single sign on (SSO) for Active Directory provides seamless access to Secured Signing's digital signature platform.
Secured Signing - Single Sign On
Contact
David Schulz
***@securedsigning.com David Schulz
End
-- Secured Signing, the premier digital signature service, announces single sign on capabilities for Active Directory, removing the need for enterprise customers to enter a username and password when inviting customers to sign documents online. Authenticating users with their network credentials combines security with maximum convenience and ease of use.The last thing any of us needs is another username and password to remember. Single Sign On (http://www.securedsigning.com/support/sso/setupadfs.aspx)for Secured Signing means enterprise customers can access the speed and convenience of the online digital signatures (http://www.securedsigning.com/)platform without having to manage yet another username and password. Authentication against the corporate Active Directory effectively makes the Secured Signing platform part of the corporate IT infrastructure."Simplicity and ease of use is a key focus for us at Secured Signing. That extends from the person signing a document right back to the document owner inviting them to sign." said Mike Eyal, Founder and Managing Director of Secured Signing. "Integrating to Active Directory provides our enterprise customers with a single sign on experience and delivers on this core goal of ours."Single sign on is just one of the benefits of Secured Signing's enterprise plans. The Enterprise Portal provides a broader range of reporting options and finer configuration capabilities. Email templates, branding, reminder schedules, reports, cost centres, as well as a range of system behaviours can all be configured globally or to specific accounts. The procurement team need a different invitation email template to the human resources team? No problem!Secured Signing is the cornerstone of an organisation's ability to do business electronically. The convenience of filling and signing forms and documents online is what customers expect. Removing the paper from processes is faster and reduces cost and effort. The authenticity and reliability of embedded digital signatures that are independently verifiable provide the strongest legal compliance now and for decades into the future.Secured Signing provides a comprehensive and secure SaaS digital signature service that delivers a full range of form completion and eSigning capabilities combining advanced personalised X509 PKI Digital Signature technology with easy-to-use, simple-to-deploy, compliant solutions. Secured Signing enables its users to utilise smartphones, PCs, any tablet device and any browser, to capture their graphical signature, fill-in, sign, seal and verify documents anywhere, anytime. The solution streamlines business processes, cuts back on expenses, expedites delivery cycles, improves staff efficiency and enhances customer service in a green environment. To learn more about Secured Signing, visit www.securedsigning.com
Kettering Council won an award at a ceremony celebrating the recycling sector's achievements.
The authority was named team of the year at the National Recycling Awards at the London Hilton in Park Lane.
The council was praised by the expert judging panel, who said there was passion and innovation coming from the bottom up from a super-engaged team who really care about the local community.
Brendan Coleman, head of environmental care at Kettering Council, said: “This is a fantastic achievement for the team and follows on from the acclaimed success of the APSE Best Performer award we received in December.
“This truly shows the spirit and drive of the team, and the award is well deserved for all their hard work.
“I could not be more proud of them.”
Cllr Ian Jelley, Kettering Council's portfolio holder for environment, said: “I am delighted that the performance of our refuse and recycling team has been recognised.
“This award shows how highly our staff are rated and reinforces our track record as a council with excellent performance.
“We are committed to providing a top class service for our residents through our in-house team.”
With 19 targeted categories, the awards cover every aspect of the recycling and waste management industry, from Food Waste Initiative to Recycling Excellence.
The MRW National Recycling Awards 2018 aims to recognise and celebrate best practice and innovation in recycling and waste management.
The awards provide industry recognition and unrivalled networking opportunities.
Andrea Lockerbie, associate editor of MRW, said: “This year's winners showcase the innovation and creative thinking being applied by those who are leading the way in the field of resource and waste management.
“There is a lot that others can learn from them.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Military Humvees, officers in combat gear and the occasional F-16 flying over downtown Minneapolis are all part of the beefed up security measures that come with hosting the Super Bowl. But those images can be scary for some immigrants and refugees who are worried about terrorism, deportation or even a war they can't forget.
A special team with the city of Minneapolis has been working for weeks to reassure immigrant communities that all the extra muscle is here to keep them safe. The team is reaching out through radio and television broadcasts, social media and in-person meetings with elders and community members. The goal is to keep communities informed about everything from security to transportation issues, and let them know they can also participate in the fun.
"It's a welcoming place ... for people to come downtown and enjoy," said Michael Yang, a southeast Asian community specialist with the city. "You shouldn't have to fear anything."
Minnesota has been a welcoming state for immigrants over the last several decades, thanks in part to its social service programs. The state is home to the largest Somali community in the U.S., roughly 57,000 people according to the latest census figures, most of whom live in the Minneapolis area. The state also has the second-highest Hmong population, behind California.
Advertisement
The team of community specialists in Minneapolis does outreach in immigrant communities all year, but is working with more partners and intensifying efforts in the lead-up to the Super Bowl. Officials believe they have created a model for future Super Bowls or other large events. Among other things, the team is broadcasting weekly radio programs in Spanish, Somali and Hmong and is contracting with others to share social media messages in Spanish, Hmong, Somali, Vietnamese, Oromo and Lao.
The messages are being tailored to each community because while one community might believe armed guards are preventing a terror attack, another might see those same officers as an immigration raid.
"Every community has their own take on the event and their own fears and concerns and we address them by giving them the right information, telling them what's going on," said Rose Lindsay with the community relations unit in the Joint Information Center set up for the Super Bowl.
Yang said that even though Hmong immigrants have been in Minnesota for decades, images of the war they left behind are still fresh. Some people he's met tell him that the armed officers remind them of the military taking over the streets of Laos. Others expressed concern about helicopters or other aircraft flying overhead, saying it reminds them of enemy aircraft.
"With some members of the Hmong community, people are really fearful that there is war," he said.
The Hmong have also expressed fear of a terrorist attack or hate crimes, and weeks ago elders were asking families to stay away from the Super Bowl activities. Yang said his work has helped ease fears. Other team members agree.
Abdirashid Ahmed, an East African community specialist, is working to explain the Super Bowl to community leaders, faith leaders and other community members. In addition to face-to-face meetings, he's also monitoring social media to see what the community is talking about.
After a car caught fire in a Somali neighborhood this week, many community members went to social media and asked if there was a terror attack. Ahmed said because of the infrastructure that's been set up, officials were able to respond within minutes to let the community know it was a mechanical fire and they had nothing to worry about.
When asked if there is fear of racial profiling in a community where some members have been the subject of terror investigations, Ahmed said there is always that concern because of the current climate. But as far as it relates to the Super Bowl, "people are not asking the same kinds of questions they were asking me a month or two months ago."
"We have been explaining everything," Ahmed said. "The law enforcement agencies coming to Minneapolis ... they will be here to protect everyone, not to harm."
__
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of her work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
BOSTON (AP) — Five female kitchen workers in Boston are detailing a sexual harassment lawsuit they're filing against a national restaurant chain.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice, which represents the women, says the lawsuit being addressed Tuesday highlights the plight of women in low-wage positions like dishwashers, cleaners and cooks.
It comes as allegations of sexual misconduct have roiled American politics, media, film and other white-collar industries.
The lawyers' committee, a Boston-based nonprofit, says the lawsuit alleges a workplace filled with "lewd behavior, sexually inappropriate comments and unwanted touching."
Advertisement
The woman and their attorneys are expected to speak Tuesday. The committee hasn't named the women or the restaurant chain yet.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali stepped away from his restaurant empire Monday after four women accused him of inappropriate touching.
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — Colombia's government has opened its first shelter for Venezuelans who are pouring across the border in ever-larger numbers to escape their nation's economic crisis.
The bare-bones shelter opened Saturday near the border city of Cucuta will provide shelter of up to 48 hours for 120 people a day. Pregnant mothers, the elderly and minors who entered the country legally will be given priority. It will be administered by the Red Cross.
Cucuta has been overwhelmed in recent weeks by an increasingly large exodus of Venezuelans. Many are sleeping on the streets and crime in the city has spiked as gangs recruit and take advantage of the desperate migrants.
Some 35,000 Venezuelans cross into Colombia each day, many of them settling in with relatives or making short trips to buy food and medicine that has been scarce for years back home.
Advertisement
But the numbers have surged in recent months, with an estimated 200,000 now looking to stay, as four-digit inflation plunges the oil-rich nation deeper into the abyss.
Not all of them have been embraced amid growing hysteria that the economic refugees are stealing jobs and overwhelming already-stretched resources.
Last week, authorities deported 130 Venezuelans who entered the country illegally and were sleeping outdoors on a basketball court in Cucuta. Migration authorities are also seeking to toughen enforcement of migration laws even as it extends from 90 days to two years the amount of time Venezuelans can remain in the country.
"We are trying to be as generous as possible but we also must have order," Foreign Minister Maria Holguin said this week after a special cabinet meeting to discuss the volatile situation.
President Juan Manuel Santos is expected to travel Thursday to Cucuta to review contingency plans for the burgeoning humanitarian crisis.
First appearing on our screens on New Year's Day, the BBC One drama serial McMafia arrived accompanied by anticipation and expectation. Following a Christmas TV programme saturated with the relentless broadcasting of over-watched American films and generic festive specials, McMafia promised to be the next cult watch.
Inspired by the non-fiction book, McMafia: A Journey Through the Global Criminal Underworld (2008), by journalist Misha Glenny, the screenplay focuses heavily on Glenny's specialist subjects of global organized crime and cybersecurity. The action surrounds Alex Godman, the British-raised son of a Russian mafia boss, and follows his increasingly entangled path as he is sucked into a world that he believed to have escaped through his English boarding school education and legitimate reputation in London's financial sector.
However, when his investment fund comes under threat, Alex is thrown into a network of moneymaking crime that the mafia spreads to all corners of the globe. This promises for a rich multiplicity of filming location and we are not disappointed. From Tel Aviv to Mumbai, the director James Watkins plunges the viewer into an array of diverse settings. Yet this open map is amazingly reduced to the length of one of Alex's “business flights”, or to a few rapid taps on a keyboard by a close-knit network of global hackers.
With convincing performances from Aleksey Serebryakov and Maria Shukshina, playing Alex's parents who were driven from Russia by a rival family, the first episode holds promise in its exiting action and foreboding tone. However, the series fails to maintain this intoxicating tension due to the disappointing lack of complexity in the protagonist's motivations and in James Norton's performance. A plea of avenging his uncle's death as the reason for Alex's quickly assumed involvement in the murky underworld is far from convincing as their supposedly “close” relationship is at best suppressed in the opening scenes. Then, following the straight-laced businessman's tumble into the dangerous sphere of torturous murder and human trafficking, there is a distinct lack of conviction in his new position. As one who seemingly influences and incites extreme violence, whilst deceiving his colleagues and inviting his morally driven fiancée to dinner parties with criminals, James Norton fails in portraying a believable character with well-rounded complexities that one would expect from an educated young man entering a whirlpool of corruption.
Perhaps this one-dimensional acting is a rehearsal for his widely rumoured gig as the next 007 agent. However, the cold James-Bond-like performance comes as a disappointment from the first big BBC drama of 2018. Following a spectacular and gripping depiction of the global criminal web in The Night Manager, the award-winning serial of 2016, the lack of the foundations of fictionally imagined characters that John le Carré provided as inspiration for David Farr's adaptation, is gratingly stark. With the end of McMafia still to come, we can only wait in hope that it can be saved, but much like the ruthless nature of the plot, salvation seems too distant a prospect.
Image: Kloniwotski via Wikimedia Commons.
“But godliness with contentment is great gain. For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it. But if we have food and clothing, we will be content with that. Those who want to get rich fall into temptation and a trap and into many foolish and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction. For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. Some people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs.”
– 1 Timothy 6: 6-11
As a young, wide-eyed twenty something, I had one goal in mind: to be able to go into a store, not look at the prices, and just shop to my heart's content. As a child, my parents (bless their hearts) trained my younger brother and I to choose. This means that whenever we would enter a store (usually a book store for me and a fast food for my brother), we were not allowed to splurge. We were allowed to choose one book—two if I got good grades or if it was on sale—and that was it. So imagine my delight when I was working and had the ability to not choose.
It is safe to say, however, that my lack of self-control did not work to my advantage.
At a young age, with no expenses except for the electric bill in my parents' house, I was living on the edge. For some reason, my salary wasn't enough and I did not have margins in my life.
I was always bursting to the seams with things to do because I was shopping 24/7. Sad to say, it did not make me happier and left me more stressed. What I thought would make me happy left me even emptier than when I began working.
A year ago, I was stripped of all comforts when I moved to another country and oddly enough, I found joy in the midst of the bleakest of circumstances.
I am proud of how God has worked in our lives upon embarking on this journey. With only a few hundred of dollars in our pockets, my husband and I have felt what it was like to cinch our belts, walk to the bus stop no matter what the weather, and to actually find joy in it.
Of course, there were times when I felt extremely depressed about the circumstances but my husband, bless his heart, always chose to see the good. We were each other's cheerleader and we always reminded ourselves that just like anything in life, this is merely a season. The idea that leaves change and lead the way to a new season gave us hope and courage.
Our dry season was the time we became rooted in the truth of who God is. It gave us courage because we saw that the state of our hearts was never connected to our circumstances.
We were learning that you can have the same steadiness in lack and in plenty and that the circumstances around us should never define who we are as individuals.
Growing up with a type A personality has always made me a bit neurotic—think Paris Gellar on Gilmore Girls. I was afraid of shying away from an image I crafted for myself but losing everything I used to define myself with has left me vulnerable and peeled away the many layers. Today, slowly but surely, I strive to be my most authentic self—mood swings and all.
I am not afraid to share what I have been through and use it as an opportunity to share with others the faithfulness of God and as long as we have Him—we can be joyous in the midst of trying times, of difficult times, and of challenging times.
I used to think that God is only good when the circumstances are good but I am slowly learning, by His grace, that God is God no matter what and though my circumstances are nothing like what I have anticipated it to be, I can trust that it will all work out according to His plan.
And with that, I can rest easy. May you have a great Sunday knowing this truth—God loves you and even in the darkest of days, there is hope.
* * *
www.carlabiancaravanes.com
BEIJING: President Xi Jinping delivered a blistering nationalist speech on Tuesday, warning against any attempts to split China and touting the country's readiness to fight “the bloody battle” to regain its rightful place in the world.
Xi's address capped an annual session of the National People's Congress that paved the way for him to rule for life, as China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong pushes through his vision of guiding the country through a “new era” of unrivalled global military and economic supremacy.
Days after President Donald Trump signed new rules allowing top-level US officials to travel to Taiwan, Xi warned that Beijing would defend its “one China principle,” which sees the self-ruling island as its territory awaiting reunification.
“All acts and tricks to separate the country are doomed to fail and will be condemned by the people and punished by history,” Xi told nearly 3,000 delegates assembled at the imposing Great Hall of the People facing Tiananmen Square.
But he also sought to address concerns about ambitious Chinese development projects abroad, saying they “will not pose a threat to any country.”
“Only those who are accustomed to threatening others will see everyone as a threat,” he added in an address that drew waves of applause from the legislators.
China is overseeing a massive global trade infrastructure initiative to revive the ancient Silk Road, drawing interest from nations participating in the investment but also criticism from others fearing that it mainly serves Beijing's interests.
The Chinese leader's plan to build a “world-class” military by mid-century has also raised concerns about how it plans to use its increasingly modern forces amid regional frictions over China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
Xi used the speech to espouse his vision of realizing the “rejuvenation of the Chinese nation”—the “greatest dream” of the world's second-largest economy.
“The Chinese people have been indomitable and persistent, we have the spirit of fighting the bloody battle against our enemies to the bitter end,” he said.
But his speech was also a reminder that the Communist Party, more than ever, reigns over the country's affairs.
“History has already proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China,” he said.
“The Communist Party is the supreme political leadership of the country and the fundamental guarantee to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.”
Indefinite rule
The two-week session of the National People's Congress handed Xi, 64, a second term and endorsed the Communist Party's decision to lift presidential term limits, clearing the way for him to remain in power indefinitely after his new term ends in 2023.
His eponymous political philosophy, which was enshrined in the party charter last year, was added to the national constitution and senior government officials had to swear an oath to the document for the first time.
Some of Xi's key lieutenants were also promoted to top positions. His former anti-corruption czar, Wang Qishan, was elevated to the vice presidency while his top economic adviser, Liu He, became vice premier.
Wang could use his experience as a trade negotiator to deal with rocky relations with the Trump administration, while Liu is expected to have an influential role in economic policymaking.
Trump is considering new punitive measures against China over its “theft” of US intellectual property, raising fears of a tit-for-tat trade war.
“We hope that both parties can maintain reason, not act emotionally, and avoid a trade war,” Premier Li Keqiang told a press conference after Xi's speech.
On the domestic front, the legislature approved the biggest government shake-up in years, merging the banking and insurance regulators to tackle financial risks, and amended the constitution to expand the Communist Party's role in the country's affairs.
Xi's campaign against corruption within the Communist Party, which punished 1.5 million officials in five years, was expanded as the legislature voted Tuesday to create a national agency that will scrutinize millions of public servants.
“The Communist Party of China must… resolutely eliminate” corruption, Xi said.
The government's propaganda machine worked in overdrive to nurture a cult of personality around Xi and stamp out dissenting views during the two-week session.
The People's Daily, the Communist Party mouthpiece, referred to Xi as the “helmsman” last weekend, an echo of Mao who was known as “the great helmsman.”
The abolition of term limits triggered a rare bout of criticism on social media, prompting censors to block dozens of phrases such as “I disagree” or “emperor” as well as satirical images such as Winnie the Pooh—the cartoon bear that some compare to Xi.
China has stepped up its crackdown on civil society since Xi took power in 2012, tightening online restrictions and detaining hundreds of activists and lawyers. AFP
AFP/CC
MACKAY'S Daily Mercury has escalated the ongoing meme war between itself and The Chronicle.
Yesterday the masthead posted a list of 10 reasons it thought Mackay was better than Toowoomba.
A fact check by The Chronicle team reveals that list to be full of inaccuracies and falsehoods about the Garden City.
While some of the points made by the Mackay team were correct, we couldn't help but think some of them were more positive than they were making out:
1. It's not Toowoomba - CORRECT
Mackay is not Toowoomba, that is a pretty obvious point. Their article also referred to the Garden City as the 'Woombie'. When asked, no one in the newsroom had ever heard of Toowoomba referred to as that.
2. The weather - PARTIALLY CORRECT
The Daily Mercury then made the point that Toowoomba winters are cooler than Mackay's. That is correct, Mackay is in the tropics so naturally, it is going to be warmer all year round. Because they are in the tropics they are more prone to cyclones (whereas we aren't in Toowoomba). We'd rather sit around the fireplace on a chilly winter evening reading a good book than have to deal with a cyclone.
3. Recycled Water - SO WHAT!?
The paper said Toowoomba was 'loopy' for even considering drinking recycled water. By making that point they are discrediting years of scientific research that states the water is safe to drink. Discrediting science is not surprising given the region is home to one of Australia's most prominent climate change deniers.
4. The hustle and bustle - FIGURES CORRECT BUT CONCLUSION WRONG
The Daily Mercury points out Toowoomba is Australia's 16th largest city and has doubled in size in the past 50 years. This is correct, but is that a bad thing? There is plenty to do in Toowoomba on days off, from exploring our beautiful and immaculately maintained parks and gardens to trying out many of the new cafes and exploring our laneways filled with street art. The hustle and bustle of Toowoomba make it a great place to live.
5. There is nowhere to fish - WRONG
From Lake Cooby to Lake Cressbrook, Lake Perseverance and a number of dams and weirs, there are plenty of places to take the boat and go fishing. We also have some beautiful swimming holes at places like Crows Nest National Park where you can take a dip without the fear of being eaten by a crocodile, shark or stung by a box jellyfish.
6. Toowoomba is the racism capital of Australia - WRONG
Yes, Toowoomba is home to some people that are racist, but so is every town in Australia. Mackay has hosted a number of rallies by far-right racist group Reclaim Australia and their local politicians have also been known to make controversial statements about people of the Islamic faith.
According to Multicultural Development Australia CEO Kerrin Benson Toowoomba has welcomed a large number of refugees and migrants from all backgrounds and faiths.
"The larger numbers we are now settling here in Toowoomba has given you a national profile in how welcoming you are," Ms Benson said last month.
7. Drugs and Crime - WRONG
The Mackay masthead pointed out there were 15,000 criminal offenses in Mackay in the past year and 20,000 in Toowoomba. These statistics don't take into account the population of each city, with Toowoomba's population double that of Mackay's.
In the Sugar City there were 0.2 criminal offenses per person in the past year, while in Toowoomba that figure was only 0.12. The crime rate is worse in Mackay.
8. It's a bit close to Brisbane - CORRECT
Yes we are close to Brisbane, but we're also close to the beautiful beaches of the Gold Coast, to the Stanthorpe wine region and so much more. What's Mackay close to? Nothing.
9. Toowoomba doesn't have footy - WRONG
We have heaps of footy. We might not have a team in the Intrust Super Cup, but we have hosted a full NRL game between the St George Illawarra Dragons and Gold Coast Titans, which attracted a crowd into the tens of thousands. We also have a strong local league competition, with footy alive and strong in the Darling Downs. We also host the Toowoomba International Tennis Tournament, the Queensland PGA championship and a number of other large sporting events.
10. There's no one famous from Toowoomba - WRONG
Toowoomba is only the place where one of Australia's most famous actors hails from. Geoffrey Rush was born in the Garden City and spent his formative years here and has come back dozens of times since.
We are also home to the man who just won the most prestigious racing event in the world. Last month Will Power won the Indy500 and Toowoomba turned out to celebrate his win.
Other notable people that hail from Toowoomba include Sonia Kruger, Tim Horan, Shane Webcke, Nikkie Hudson, Steve Price, Meshel Laurie and north Queensland icon Johnathan Thurston himself.
VERDICT: Mackay's Daily Mercury was wrong about Toowoomba. It is a great place to live for many reasons, but simply because it isn't Mackay.
This is why the Qantas Training Academy should be built in Toowoomba. Contributed
The meme war started after Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio took a shot at Mackay over their proposal for a Qantas Pilot Training Academy, saying Toowoomba's proposal was better.
"I know (Mackay Mayor Greg Williamson) and respect him highly," Mr Antonio said.
"But on this particular subject... I really think that when you look at things, have a look at Toowoomba, then have a look at Mackay.
"I'll rest my case there."
If the project were to approved for Mackay, it would probably have to go through a lengthy legal process anyway, as greenies would likely launch action against any project that was approved
IT'S the small interactions in life that can make the biggest of differences.
Bundaberg mother Christie Kelly is testament to this as she shares the moment a stranger's actions changed her world.
It was a breakthrough that may seem small to some, but meant the world to her.
Mrs Kelly's three-year-old son Theodore has never spoken to strangers and will not normally look at people.
He is selectively mute and will only speak when comfortable, rarely speaking to his mum or dad.
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Theodore and Christie Kelly relaxing at home. Mike Knott BUN140617KELLY7
Mrs Kelly was almost knocked over as she did her weekly shopping at Coles and heard her child speak in public for the first time.
The cashier, Tiffany, began asking little Theodore if he liked Tiny Teddies when he replied "yes” and then continued to answer "yes” and "no” to many more questions.
The mother-of-four said it was a huge breakthrough for her son who was also diagnosed with autism two weeks ago.
"I was stunned,” she said.
"He has limited speech, but really opened up for the first time.
"I thought 'I could stay here all day and listen to this'.”
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Theodore and Christie Kelly relaxing at home. Mike Knott BUN140617KELLY3
Selective mutism is a condition where children are able to talk comfortably in some situations such as home or around familiar relatives, but are not able to use their voice in other social situations where there is an expectation for speaking such as at school or with less familiar people.
It is a form of social anxiety where the child fears when people hear their voice they will react in a way that might be embarrassing for them.
It is usually diagnosed at three years of age.
Mrs Kelly took to social media to thank the young woman who took the time to bring her son out of the quiet.
She said it was difficult to have a child who was selectively mute some days, especially in social environments.
The post on the Coles Facebook page has now gone viral with almost 2000 likes, 66 comments and 70 shares.
With comments from people saying they had or know children with selective mustism and it was amazing to hear Theodore connected with someone.
"That's so amazing, made me cry,” Facebooker Donna Paton said.
And Mandy Alaban said as an ASD mother she knew the great feeling Mrs Kelly would have had watching her "little superman” engage how he did.
Coles replied to the post saying it was fantastic to hear and that Tiffany at the Kensington store made such great efforts to engage with the little one.
Others said maybe the young woman should look at a new career in childcare, but Mrs Kelly said Tiffany was a great advocate for Coles and she would definitely shop there from now on.
"Tiffany did such a wonderful job and she just needs to keep doing what she is doing,” she said.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Investigators in Charlotte say they are investigating the city's first homicide of 2017.
Police said in a news release that officers responding to a 911 call just after midnight Sunday found a man dead at an apartment complex about 5 miles southeast of downtown Charlotte.
Investigators say they think 22-year-old Natanael Rodriguez knew his killer, but they did not give details. No arrests have been made.
Police say they are still trying to find witnesses to the shooting.
LPGA player Suzann Pettersen said Tuesday that her words were taken out of context by media outlets that reported she said President Trump “cheats like hell” when they play golf together.
The quote came from an interview with Pettersen published Saturday by Norwegian newspaper Verdens Gang, in which she discussed her friendship of more than a decade with the president and the numerous games of golf they've played together.
During those outings, the article states, Pettersen noticed some of Trump's tendencies on the green.
“He cheats like hell,” Verdens Gang quoted Pettersen as saying. “I'm pretty sure he pays his caddie well, since no matter how far into the woods he hits the ball, it's in the middle of the fairway when we get there.”
The article also states that the Norwegian golfer confirmed the belief that the president often skips his decisive putts rather than risk adding a stroke to his score.
“Yes, yes, that happens all the time,” Pettersen is quoted as saying in the article. “He always says he is the world's best putter. But in all the times I've played him, he's never come close to breaking 80.
“But what's strange is that every time I talk to him, he says he just golfed a 69, or that he set a new course record or won a club championship some place. I just laugh. I'm someone who likes being teased and I like teasing others, and Trump takes it well, and that must be why he likes me.”
Pettersen first responded with a tweet Tuesday morning: “Sometimes you do interviews and media will twist whatever word/saying to make a headline! It's shocking to see … this is what I would call #fakenews. Why would I call someone a cheat. … never!”
That tweet since has been deleted and replaced with one directing anyone seeking a response to the comments about Trump to visit Pettersen's Facebook page, where a lengthier statement now appears.
“With a big smile on my face what I said was that he most likely paid his caddy well because every time he found his ball it was in the fairway,” Pettersen wrote in a Facebook post. “The way this has been requoted by many other media outlets is NOT correct and not a fair account of the original interview. I surely hope journalists that requote things like this in the future will read the full story and not just read headlines. Things always seem to come out the wrong way and what's sad is that this was a very positive interview. To me it seems like the media enjoys twisting things for their readers and viewers.”
The newspaper is standing by its story.
“We of course stand by all the quotes in the story,” Robert Simso, one of the article's writers, told GOLF.com an email. “I always use a tape recorder in interviews, and this time was no exception.”
TNS
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban reacts during a plenary session at the European Parliament (EP) in Brussels, Belgium April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS European centre-rights parties said on Saturday that Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban had promised to ensure the autonomy of universities after the EU started legal action against Budapest this week.
The European Commission on Wednesday gave Budapest a month to adapt its new higher education law passed on April 4, saying it was not compatible with the fundamental internal market freedoms.
The European Peoples Party (EPP), Europe's biggest centre-right party to which Orban's Fidesz belongs, called on the Hungarian leader to comply.
"Following the Commission's assessment... we have come to the conclusion that dialogue alone is not enough," EPP President Joseph Daul said in a statement.
"After an open and frank conversation with Prime Minister Orban ...this morning, the EPP demanded from Fidesz and from the Hungarian authorities that they take all necessary steps to comply with the Commission's request. Prime Minister Orban has reassured the EPP that Hungary will act accordingly," he said.
Daul also said the EPP told Orban to stop a "Let's stop Brussels" campaign against the EU in Hungary.
"The EPP has ... made clear to our Hungarian partners that the blatant anti-EU rhetoric of the 'Let's stop Brussels' consultation is unacceptable," Daul said.
"The constant attacks on Europe, which Fidesz has launched for years, have reached a level we cannot tolerate. This consultation has been deeply misleading," he said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
By Anna Maxted
British journalist Anna Maxted tries her hand at Compassion Focused Therapy for the Daily Mail.
"How dare you?" I roar, my face pink with rage. The man sitting in front of me beams encouragement, as I bellow: "I'm right, you're wrong! You should apologise!"
I've just met clinical psychologist Dr Charlie Heriot-Maitland, and he's utterly delightful.
But as part of my first session of Compassion Focused Therapy, a pioneering treatment which aims to make me kinder to myself and could soon be available on the National Health Service, I first have to explore my angry self.
Dr Heriot-Maitland, co-director of Balanced Minds, in London, has asked me to think of a recent argument and, as it happens, I'm shaken from a hostile exchange with a friend the day before.
He encourages me to re-experience the row purely through my anger, hence the shouting.
"We're formed of multiple parts, or selves," says Dr Heriot-Maitland. The aim is to balance these selves, but ultimately, to bring the kind self to prominence, and let it oversee and influence the other parts.
Strange as it is, dividing myself into component emotions, where "angry" me is separate from "kind" me, gives a sense of control. Instead of feeling overwhelmed by my emotions, they seem more manageable.
Arguments aren't the only situation in which "fearful me" gets the better of "compassionate me". Ever since my children were little, my reflex reaction to any perceived threat has been anger.
Continued below.
Related Content Why Jess' Underground Kitchen is so successful I am proud to be a Muslim, US fashion model Bella Hadid tells Net-a-Porter magazine Restaurant Review: Etxeberria, Avondale
When Caspar, my youngest, disappeared in the park as a toddler, for 10 terrifying minutes, I reacted this way. When I finally found him, emerging from the trees behind the playground, I shouted: "Where were you?"
He'd been equally frightened at losing me, and burst into tears. Of course, what he needed was a cuddle. But fear can so easily override compassion.
Yet, until I stepped into Dr Heriot-Maitland's office, this wasn't clear to me. I meanly suspected that Compassion Focused Therapy (CFT) was a fluff-filled, airy-fairy concept.
In fact, it is based on sound evidence including the attachment theory (the nature of our bond with our primary caregiver from birth, and how this affects our emotional and behavioural development).
The General Medical Council is funding Dr Heriot-Maitland's research into CFT at King's College London, with a view to the therapy being available on the NHS one day.
Dr Heriot-Maitland explains that we're all born with an instinct to seek closeness. When we bond with someone caring, we feel safe.
Think of babies: "The human brain is wired to be calmed down in the face of loving, caring kindness including all the associated voice tones, facial expressions, and touch," he says. This applies whether you're 5 or 50.
Yet, although we instinctively know that a compassionate approach is best, we're resistant. Easier to repress the misery and crack on.
It takes strength to be compassionate, insists Dr Heriot-Maitland. "It's much easier to avoid distressing emotions." Anger, by comparison, is often a defence.
To help locate my compassionate self, Dr Heriot-Maitland says, we'll "create the conditions in the body and mind" which help us to feel kind, wise, strong.
A clue: This doesn't involve scowling, arms crossed. I sit up straight, feet square, shoulders back. We both adopt a wise half-smile, as opposed to a foolish grin.
We also work on my breathing. "You'd be amazed,'" says Dr Heriot-Maitland, "at the number of people who only know how to breathe in an anxious or angry way - in shallow, short breaths - which is the body preparing for fight or flight, trying to get more oxygen in quickly."
By slowing down our breathing, he says, "we can start calming down the threat system".
Most of us, says Dr Heriot-Maitland, breathe in and out around 12 times per minute. Yet, US research found that pacing our breath to about six inhalations and six exhalations per minute is optimal for reducing symptoms of anxiety and depression.
As a distressed baby can be calmed by a mother's soothing touch and loving tone, we as adults, can learn to "benignly parent ourselves", as Dr Heriot-Maitland puts it, with that same kindness.
We have the brain wiring. We just have to activate it.
This involves taming your inner critic. Dr Heriot-Maitland enquires what I think I'd be like without my critic. My answer: "Probably happier, but slovenly."
We laugh, but I realise that voice serves a purpose, for instance, preventing me from being lazy ("you're such a sloth, go for a swim") or selfish ("that man's elderly, get your fat backside off this seat").
While our inner critic is essentially protective, she's often driven by shame, fear of failure, or rejection. So, her method is unhelpful and keeps us in "threat" mode, where we're fearful and stressed. We've got to gently persuade her to be less harsh.
Dr Heriot-Maitland suggests my "compassionate self" embarks on a friendly chat with my critic.
I've got to jump between the two chairs in his office, earnestly acting out both roles. I feel silly, but I don't mind.
My homework is to write a kind letter to her. At the moment, I just want to shake her. Clearly, cultivating your compassionate self takes time.
But following CFT, my mood lightens. I feel more content and more confident.
Later, when my teenage son reports that a woman shoved him on the bus, I soothe and hug, rather than showing my anger and anxiety.
My son thanks me for making him feel better. Even my inner critic is impressed. Maybe my letter will be kind after all.
- Daily Mail
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fortress Reit Ltd:
* ‍H1 DIVIDEND FOR A SHARE INCREASED FROM 67,96 CENTS PER SHARE TO 71,20 CENTS PER SHARE​
* ‍H1 B SHARE DIVIDEND INCREASED BY 14,61% FROM 78,59 CENTS PER SHARE TO 90,07 CENTS PER SHARE FOR SIX MONTHS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017​
* ‍FOR SIX MONTHS TO DEC.31 HEADLINE EARNINGS PER A SHARE AT 195.93 CENTS VERSUS 73.50 CENTS YEAR AGO​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
The night of Nov. 7, 2016, will always be ingrained in our memories.
We worked in the newsroom late into the night, watching election results roll in as we prepared articles for each candidate's potential win. Just like almost every other news organization in the country, we were confident we would be running Hillary Clinton's victory piece.
A string of wins for Clinton at 8 p.m. turned in now-President Donald Trump's favor at 11. Political commentators gazed in disbelief as bright red states popped up on the screen. Our managing editor's normally excitable dog, Bentley, mirrored the eerily quiet room.
“You tell your kids, ‘Don't be a bully,'” CNN commentator Van Jones said after Clinton conceded. “You tell your kids, ‘Don't be a bigot'… and then you have this outcome. You have people putting children to bed tonight and they are afraid of breakfast. They're afraid of ‘How do I explain this to my children?'”
We solemnly retreated to our homes and watched Trump's victory speech with housemates. In the aftershock of the greatest political event of our time, a single hopeful thought remained in our heads — “Maybe, just maybe, things will turn out all right.”
The next day was gloomy, rainy and cold, reflecting a mood that would only intensify during Trump's first year in office. Since then, one statement describes our growing frustration.
“This is not normal.”
It is not normal when the president rarely seems like the one pulling the strings in the White House. It's troubling when a Special Counsel investigation into possible collusion with Russia consistently reveals coincidental meetings and vastly reduced plea deals. It's terrifying to think that on Election Day, there were nearly 63 million people willing to look the other way for the sake of their dear leader.
The cult of personality surrounding Trump has slowly been unveiled as a stunningly obvious authoritarian power grab, and his administration has been exercising fascist practices, principles and propaganda.
Ridiculous claims that ran rampant throughout the presidential campaign continue to this day, puzzle pieces of the greater “Big Lie.” The Big Lie is a propaganda term that originated in Nazi Germany, in which leaders tell lies in such a grandiose fashion that some of them begin to circulate within national conversation. More generally, if someone is always telling huge lies, supporters will latch onto smaller ones as truth.
Trump also has a history of discrediting media outlets for covering “fake news” regarding his administration. All, that is, except for two — Fox News and Breitbart.
Both organizations, and Trump, engage in “whataboutism,” a Soviet-era propaganda technique where any criticism leveled on the state is redirected to say something else is worse. Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin have a history of employing whataboutism in response to human rights violations — it's no coincidence that the far right does the same in its obsessions with Clinton's campaign and former President Barack Obama's administration
There are intelligent, competent people of all backgrounds who tenaciously believe Trump's every word boosts the stock market. There are caring, loving people who not only support a man accused of sexual assault, but refuse to conduct a proper investigation on the former leader of the free world. There are humble, hard-working families who think it is in their best interest is to pay $3.4 billion more in taxes while households making at least $75,000 per year pay $16.2 billion less.
Witnessing this unfolds has changed how we, as well as countless friends, family members and peers, view the world. We've completely lost trust in the baby boomers running the reality show we call the United States.
What reasons have they given us to believe anything they say?
Reducing the size of national parks so dying industries can reap short-term benefits does not progress society. Discrediting the Paris Climate Agreement, establishing the U.S. as the only nation in the world to reject the treaty after Nigeria and Syria signed earlier this year, does not progress society. Constructing a tax plan that demolishes incentives to study in the U.S. does not progress society.
Imagine, if you will, a more politically savvy Trump-like figure — one with the common sense to keep a consistent narrative while lying, staying calm and collected.
Placing this hypothetical leader in the presidency has a very real possibility of destroying more progress. Luckily, younger generations seem to agree. We've thrived in the grassroots for the past year and must remain voices of reason in today's age of ignorance.
Young voters turned out in record numbers for local elections in 2017, rejecting politicians campaigning on race-baiting identity politics and electing candidates like Danica Roem, the first openly transgender woman to win a state seat. The “Silence Breakers” lifted a veil of secrecy from sexual misconduct in American culture that continues to ripple across the globe. Meanwhile, the true faces of our fellow citizens' social values have been uncovered through their support for people like Sen. Roy Moore, backed by Trump despite being accused of sexual advances toward minors.
On Dec. 5, Obama urged citizens to remain involved in the democratic process. “You have to tend to this garden of democracy, otherwise things can fall apart fairly quickly,” he said.
“Presume there was a ballroom here in Vienna in the late 1920s or '30s that looked and seemed as if it, filled with the music and art and literature that was emerging, would continue into perpetuity,” Obama said, referencing the rise of Nazi Germany. “And then 60 million people died. An entire world was plunged into chaos.”
The actions of the Trump administration have reignited our generation's desire to make things right, not just for ourselves but for every member of our society.
If nothing else, our generation looks like it might come out on the right side of history.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet his Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Advertisement
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
Motorists coming off the A14 at Rothwell have faced delays after a lorry overturned.
The vehicle overturned on the roundabout just off Junction 3 at about 8.15am this morning (Wednesday).
The scene this morning. Credit: Highways England
The slip road will remain closed until the lorry's load and diesel spillage is cleared.
A Highways England spokesman said: “The A14 eastbound and westbound exit slip roads at J3 Rothwell are closed due to an overturned HGV on the island just off the A14.
“The slip road is likely to remain closed for some time due to load and diesel spillage.
“Recovery and clean up work continues at the scene.”
March 30 Ford of Canada :
* Ford invests c$500 million for research and development in canada; doubles connectivity team and opens new research and engineering centre in ottawa
* Oakville assembly complex will continue to upgrade facilities to support production of one of ford's crossover utilities, the ford edge
* New Ottawa research and development will focus on research and development across infotainment, in-vehicle modems, gateway modules, driver-assist features and autonomous vehicles Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Health Service Executive has apologised unreservedly for failings in the care of three girls who were repeatedly raped by a teenager over seven years while in the foster care of his parents.
The circumstances in which the boy raped and sexually assaulted the three girls must be fully investigated, a solicitor acting for one of them has said.
Ronan Hynes was speaking in advance of the broadcast on Tuesday night of an RTÉ Investigates programme on the case.
Keith Burke (29) of Addergoolemore, Dunmore, Co Galway was jailed for 7½ years earlier this month at the Central Criminal Court for the rape of the three girls between 2003 and 2007. He was between 14 and 18 at the time, while the girls were all under 10.
The first victim, who had been fostered by the family from six months old, told the court Burke would ask her to “do that thing for me” before he raped her. She outlined instances of rape in a field and on a tractor but mostly in a hut by the house.
A second girl, Rachel Barry, has waived her anonymity and is interviewed in the programme. She was placed in the family home for weekly respite care in 2005, from eight years of age. In the programme the first girl is referred to as “Amy”.
Ms Barry told RTÉ: “Myself and ‘Amy' in turns had to strip down with nothing only our socks on and while he had obviously done it to ‘Amy' before, he called her over and I had to watch what was happening to her.”
The court heard she had told her biological mother and gardaí in 2007 about the abuse and that “Amy” was being abused, but because “Amy” denied the abuse no prosecution was taken.
In 2011, “Amy” told a teacher about the abuse she was suffering and when a third foster daughter, “Sarah”, was interviewed by gardaí it emerged she too had been raped by Burke.
She told gardaí she had been eight years old and being minded by Burke when he raped her in his parents' bedroom, having told her to put on his mother's underwear.
Burke pleaded not guilty to the crimes, meaning the three young women had to give evidence in court. He accepted his guilt before sentencing.
Mr Hynes - solicitor for “Sarah” - called for the case to be fully investigated. “My client and her family feel incredibly let down by a system which really was designed to protect them and serious questions need to be answered regarding both the placement and safeguarding of ‘Sarah' while she was in care.”
In a statement, the HSE said that while no apology could undo the harm inflicted on the girls, it was important that the HSE expressed a heartfelt apology at this time.
“The HSE has been in contact with Tusla in order to discuss how best to determine whether this case raises any concerns for HSE delivered services today.”
The Irish Society for the Protection of Children (ISPCC) commended the young women for coming forward, disclosing the abuse and seeing the case through.
“It is essential that children in foster care and their families, as well as the public, can be assured that they can trust the system. It is also essential that foster families and those considering becoming foster carers can have confidence in the system, its supports and its protections for those in care and for foster carers.”
A spokeswoman for Tusla said the agency may issue a statement after the programme is broadcast.
FILE PHOTO - The BlackRock logo is seen outside of its offices in New York City, U.S., October 17, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
SINGAPORE BlackRock (BLK.N) said the worst was over for Singapore's office property market with supply tapering off, and that elsewhere in Asia Pacific, the world's largest asset manager was looking to raise its real estate exposure in Japan and Australia.
Prime office rents in Singapore's financial district dropped by more than 10 percent in the past two years due to oversupply, making it one of the worst performing major Asian markets. But the outlook is improving with analysts expecting limited new developments until 2021 after some constructions this year.
"You get short supply and demand holds up, then all of a sudden rents start going up. We are already past that inflection point in Singapore," John Saunders, Asia-Pacific head at BlackRock Real Estate, told Reuters on Thursday.
"We are starting to see it become more of a landlord's market and we are starting to see rents move again and that makes it very attractive," he said, adding the firm was mulling investments in malls and industrial assets in Singapore.
He said a tighter Chinese grip on capital outflows was not having a major impact on real estate investments, as most purchases from the mainland were outside Asia.
BlackRock is looking to buy more office properties in Japan and retail assets in Australia, where it recently invested in an office complex, he said.
Asia Pacific accounts for about 30 percent of the $21 billion in assets under management at BlackRock Real Estate. The office segment is top ranked in its portfolio, followed by retail, residential and industrial sectors.
In Singapore, BlackRock last year sold its 43-storey office building, Asia Square Tower 1, for $2.5 billion to Qatar Investment Authority in what was the city state's largest ever office transaction. The U.S. firm hailed the deal as indicating gloomy views about the market were likely overdone.
But others have been less optimistic, with Singapore ranked 21st out of 22 Asia Pacific real estate markets for investment prospects in a recent survey by PwC and Urban Land Institute.
Saunders, however, highlighted strong investment interest in Singapore from funds and corporates.
"There's competition from all around - funds, domestic capital and there's also non-domestic Asian capital," he said.
He said BlackRock's remaining tower, also in the Asia Square development and nearly 95 percent occupied, was "a very sought after asset", but declined to comment on a potential sale.
(Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan and Anshuman Daga; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT EXPECTS 2017 NET PROFIT TO RISE 95.67-124.84 PERCENT Y/Y TO 1.04-1.20 BILLION YUAN ($157.10-181.27 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nKnz4W Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
SEOUL, March 31 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Friday it paid Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee, the third-generation leader of Samsung Group, 1.135 billion won ($1.02 million) last year, disclosing his compensation for the first time.
Lee is currently on trial for bribery, embezzlement and other charges amid a corruption scandal that has rocked South Korea.
Lee's compensation package includes 476 million won in wages equivalent to three months' pay as director. South Korean companies are required to disclose compensation for executives who sit on the board and are paid at least 500 million won on an annual basis. ($1 = 1,117.2300 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
The rocker has apologised saying "I'm going to have to figure out some stuff".
CBeebies has put rocker Josh Homme's Bedtime Story on hold after a female photographer says he kicked her during a Queens Of The Stone Age concert.
Chelsea Lauren posted a video on Instagram appearing to show Homme, 44, performing while striking out with his foot.
“Thanks to @joshhomme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!?,” she wrote.
Thanks to Josh Homme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!? #joshhomme #queensofthestoneage #qotsa #qotsafamily #concertphotography #musicphotographer A post shared by Chelsea Lauren (@chelsealaurenla) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:38pm PST
Singer and guitarist Homme initially apologised in a statement, saying that he was “lost in performance” and believed he had kicked over lighting on the stage.
But he later posted an emotional video, saying: ” I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did …. I've made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night was definitely one of them.”
Homme recorded three CBeebies Bedtime Stories, one of which has already been broadcast.
A spokeswoman for the BBC's pre-school channel said: “Until the matter is resolved, Josh Homme's Bedtime Stories won't be broadcast.”
Lauren alleged the incident was “intentional” telling Variety: “I was shooting away. The next thing I know his foot connects with my camera and my camera connects with my face, really hard.
“He looked straight at me, swung his leg back pretty hard and full-blown kicked me in the face. He continued performing”.
Homme later posted a video on Twitter, apologising for the incident.
“Last night, at a Queens Of The Stone Age performance, I kicked the camera of a photographer and that camera hit the photographer in the face and the photographer's name was Chelsea Lauren,” he said.
“I'd just like to apologise to Chelsea Lauren.
“I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did … and I'm truly sorry and I hope you're okay,” he said.
“I've made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night was definitely one of them, and I apologise for that to you. I want to be a good man but I think last night I definitely failed at that.”
Homme also apologised to his bandmates, his family and friends.
“I don't want them to ever be ashamed or embarrassed about being around me or knowing me,” he said.
“I'm going to have to figure out some stuff I think..”
The band were headlining on Saturday at the KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas concert in California when the incident took place.
Lauren wrote that she was released from hospital early the following morning, adding “My neck is sore, my eyebrow bruised and I'm a bit nauseous.”
Homme followed in the footsteps of Tom Hardy, David Hasselhoff, Damian Lewis, Sir Derek Jacobi, James McAvoy and Suranne Jones on the CBeebies channel.
© Press Association 2017
Hun Sen attends a ceremony to mark the 65th anniversary of the establishment of the party in Phnom Penh, on June 28, 2016. Source: Reuters/Samrang Pring
33 Social Buzz
THE Cambodia government filed a lawsuit to the Supreme Court on Friday demanding the opposition party be dissolved ahead of next year's crucial national elections.
According to the Phnom Penh Post, Interior Ministry spokesman Khieu Sopheak confirmed that a party lawyer had taken the next step towards putting an end to the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), the country's main opposition party.
“Lawyer Ky Tech has filed the complaints to the Supreme Court and the complaints are to dissolve the CNRP,” he said.
Lawyers for the government said the opposition had conspired with foreigners to topple the government, citing a 2013 video clip that shows CNRP leader Kem Sokha talking about a plan to take power with the help of Americans. Kem Sokha has since been arrested and has been in detention for over a month on charges of treason.
SEE ALSO: 5 signs of Cambodia's ‘descent into outright dictatorship'
Sopheak claimed the ministry completed a thorough investigation into these accusations against the CNRP, leading them to take action.
“Ky Tech and the other five lawyers have enough documents, and what I know is that they have at least 21 pieces of evidence,” he said.
“The Ministry of Interior has done an investigation and has all the documents and gave them to the lawyer to take action, complying with the procedure.”
Dissolution of the CNRP is possible due tp controversial amendments to the Law on Political Parties, that prohibit people with criminal convictions from holding leadership positions within the party, forbid parties from conspiring with criminals, or from undermining national security – a vague term whose scope legal analysts have said is problematic.
SEE ALSO: Cambodian opposition calls for sanctions against Hun Sen government
It is this same law that forced former CNRP leader Sam Rainsy to step down in February. He has since gone into exile in France fearing arrest on outstanding charges of defamation towards the government.
Friday's action to dissolve the CNRP is the latest in a long line of moves to quash the opposition before next year's election.
The CNRP vice-president Mu Sochua, who fled the country this week in fear of arrest, called on Western donors to impose targeted sanctions on Prime Minister Hun Sen's government in the interests of saving democracy in the increasingly authoritarian country.
“The time for statements has passed. It's time for sanctions, targeted sanctions. Also, suspension of technical aid to the government of Cambodia,” she said. “Time is up for democracy. How long can the international community wait?”
The government has repeatedly threatened opposition members with arrest, and Hun Sen has warned of civil war if his Cambodia People's Party (CPP) lose an election.
April 13 Paris St. Germain can keep the pressure on Ligue 1 leaders Monaco with a win at Angers on Friday and will hope their rivals suffer from Champions League hangover when they host Dijon on Saturday as the title run-in intensifies.
Monaco beat Borussia Dortmund 3-2 away in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday, but while the victory puts them in pole position to advance, their continental exploits may yet affect their domestic title prospects.
The match at the Westfalenstadion was originally set for Tuesday only to be pushed back after Dortmund's bus was hit by three explosions en route to the stadium, injuring defender Marc Bartra.
The delay left Leonardo Jardim's side with one day less to prepare for their weekend fixture.
Their midweek exertions also represent an opportunity for champions PSG who play on Friday and can move level with Monaco on 74 points.
"If Monaco win, we'll congratulate them," PSG's Marco Verratti told beIN Sports.
"If that happens we will have failed to reach our objective, but we have had four historic years in France.
"We have won everything. In football, the possibility of not winning is always there."
A positive result for Unai Emery's side would doubtless represent yet another test for Jardim's Monaco team, few of whom have experience of the final testing weeks of a title challenge.
PSG, by contrast, are aiming for a fourth consecutive French title, and Emery can call upon a well-rested squad following their Champions League elimination by Barcelona last month.
He may also harbour hopes that PSG's crushing 4-1 League Cup final victory over Monaco on April 1 can also give them the mental edge during the final weeks.
"It's the home stretch," Presnel Kimpembe told the club's official website (www.psg.fr). "Experience will play a part in the last stage of the season.
"(Angers will) be waiting for us, but we're confident. We know what we have to do."
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver is in custody after a van crashed into a car during a police pursuit.
The Transit Connect van - which was on cloned plates- collided with another vehicle on Prince of Wales Lane, in Yardley Wood, around 1.30am on Thursday.
The van driver suffered a fractured ankle but despite his injury still attempted to flee the scene. He was eventually caught and is now in custody. The driver of the other car suffered a broken thumb.
(Image: @TrafficWMP)
Traffic WMP tweeted a photograph showing extensive damage to the bonnet and engine of the van.
They tweeted: “We've had a pursuit with this cloned Transit Connect van in Yardley Wood. The driver crashed into another car & fractured his ankle but still ran and was arrested after we chased him over gardens. "
The account added: “Thankfully the driver of the other car only suffered a broken thumb.”
It's official: Carnival Cruise Line will start offering the line's first-ever cruises to Cuba, departing this summer aboard the 2,025-guest Carnival Paradise.
Beginning on June 29, 2017, Carnival Paradise will offer 12 of these brand-new four-and-five day cruises that combine ports of call in the Caribbean with an overnight stay in Havana. Departing from Tampa, Florida, these sailings will be offered at various dates between June and October, along with a four-day voyage that leaves on May 3, 2018.
Carnival Paradise's four-day cruises will depart on June 29, July 13, August 24, September 7, September 21, and October 5 and 19, 2017. These will include an overnight call on Havana before returning to Tampa.
Five-night voyages are scheduled to set sail on August 14, 29; September 25, and October 9, 2017. With an extra day, these cruises are able to feature an overnight stay in Havana along with an additional port stop in either Cozumel, Mexico or Key West, Florida.
On all itineraries, guests aboard the Carnival Paradise will be able to choose from a full range of shore excursions that showcase the natural and cultural beauty of Cuba, along with the timeless history of Havana's most iconic landmarks.
“Cuba is an island jewel unique from anywhere else in the Caribbean and we are thrilled to have this rare opportunity to take our guests to this fascinating destination,” said Christine Duffy, president of Carnival Cruise Line. “The opportunity to visit Havana, combined with the fun, relaxed ambiance and wide variety of amenities and features offered on Carnival Paradise, will make for a truly one-of-a-kind vacation experience,” she added.
While it's not an issue for Canadian or international guests that are used to travelling with a passport, Carnival is quick to point out that these new Cuban-Caribbean sailings will require all guests to carry a passport. Currently, many American citizens are able to set sail to the Caribbean with nothing more than a piece of photo ID and a birth certificate.
In many ways, Carnival Paradise is ideally suited to these sailings – and not just because it can fit into the narrow confines of Havana harbour that are off-limits to much larger vessels. Built in 1998, Carnival Paradise has been upgraded to include many of the line's most popular new features, from the Seuss-At-Sea partnership with Dr. Seuss Enterprises that's sure to keep the kids happy; to the adults-only Serenity Retreat that serves as a sort of Fun Ship oasis for those looking to unwind on the open sea.
Kolkata: In a tragic incident, two college students were crushed to death after a bus hit them on Saturday; leading to clashes between locals and police officials.The accident took place at the crossing on the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass around 11.45 am.It happened when the bus ignored the traffic signal and ran over the two boys.The accused driver has been arrested.Immediately after the incident, the angry locals pelted stones and torched four buses, lashed out at police officials for not controlling the traffic and instead demanding money from other vehicles.The mob also hurled stones at the police vehicles and set a fire tender on fire.To control the mob, the cops had to report tearing gas and baton-charge the mob to disperse them."We have been talking to local people and area domination operation has been carried out," the police officer said.
Home and Garden America's giveaway contest ended last Sunday with great results, garnering thousands of entries from participants looking to win a complete survival seeds vault.
105 Varieties Heirloom Survival Seeds Vault, Non-GMO
Contact
Charles C Harmon Co LLC
888-582-6650
***@gmail.com Charles C Harmon Co LLC888-582-6650
End
-- Home and Garden America's survival seeds vault giveaway was recently concluded on Sunday, April 16th. The contest lasted for only two weeks but it received thousands of entries from participants online. Many people sent their daily entries for a chance to win the ultimate survival seeds vault, which has a retail value of $189.95.The said contest was a special partnership with DIY Idea Center, a popular website visited by millions for its diverse content ranging from crafts and home décor to food ideas and gardening."Teaming up with DIYIdeaCenter was the best decision ever. Their website has lots of traffic so we were able to draw in lots of participants for our giveaway. They offered to manage the contest for us, which we're very grateful for since it can be difficult to handle the entries on our own. They're great to work with and we're definitely open to more collaborations with them in the future," said a company representative from HAGA.The success of HAGA's recent giveaway only shows how much people are interested in survival seeds. During the contest period, the company received several inquiries about the product and some participants even bought one because they couldn't wait for the results."The giveaway really brought a lot of attention to our non-gmo heirloom survival seeds vault. Many people saw the practicality of the vault not just for survival preparedness but also for gardening, which naturally led to more sales. We're thinking about doing similar giveaways in the future, so please stay tuned for announcements,"the representative added.The giveaway winner will soon be announced and contacted by DIY Idea Center. In the meantime, HAGA's survival seeds vault is currently on sale for only $89.99 for those who wish to have one of their own. More info is available at https://www.amazon.com/ Survival-Seed- Vault-Vegetable- Germ... Home and Garden America is the gardening division of the Charles C Harmon Co LLC. The company sells heirloom non-gmo seeds that are highly recommended by master gardeners and survivalists.
TORONTO (AP) — The first victim publicly identified after a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk and killed 10 people worked at an investment management firm and enjoyed sports and volunteering.
Anne Marie D'Amico, 30, worked at Invesco, which is near the scene of Monday's incident. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio said D'Amico was a friend of his daughter, and he remembers her as "a brilliant young girl" who was interested in improving society.
On Tuesday he spoke with her parents, who live in his ward. "You can imagine the nightmare, the living nightmare they're going through at this moment," he said.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. She helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships. He remembered her as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
Advertisement
D'Amico also volunteered with the nonprofit Tennis Canada association, working at the Rogers Cup tournament since the age of 12. She started out as a ball girl and worked her way up to be an "integral" part of the volunteer team, most recently leading a committee on stadium control, the association said. She was voted volunteer of the year in 2016.
"Anne Marie lived for working at Rogers Cup and seeing her fellow volunteers each summer," said Gavin Ziv, the association's vice president of professional events. "The tournament was such a large part of her life, and we were so lucky to have her on our team each summer."
Video: 'You're not going to be able to breathe' – London fire victim live streams attempt to save residents trapped in 23rd floor apartment inferno
Rania Ibrham began live streaming on Facebook as the fire raged yesterday. It's not known if she was among the survivors.
courtesy Colfax County Sheriff's Office
RATON — On September 11, deputies of the Colfax County Sheriff's Office arrested Arturo Ruiz of Raton, NM.
Ruiz, a former assistant basketball coach for Raton High School, was charged with five counts of Criminal Sexual Penetration in the 4th degree (child 13 to 18 years of age by school personnel). The charges stem from a tip through Raton Crime Stoppers.
The investigation revealed Ruiz had sexual relationships with at least two Raton High School girls while he was a coach for the school.
All evidence suggest Ruiz's illegal sexual contact did not occur on school premises, nor during any school or sports functions.
Ruiz was hired by Raton High School in November of 2015 and served as a part-time assistant basketball coach until January of 2017.
Ruiz is employed by the New Mexico Department of Corrections at the Springer Women's facility, at the rank of Sergeant.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is set to announce an arms embargo against South Sudan on Friday, three sources familiar with the decision told Reuters, stepping up pressure against President Salva Kiir to end the country's civil war and humanitarian crisis.
The State Department is set to make the announcement later on Friday morning, according to the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The unilateral move would signal that the Trump administration has lost patience with South Sudan's warring sides after ceasefires have been repeatedly violated.
In December 2016, the Obama administration had attempted to convince the United Nations to back an arms embargo against South Sudan.
Some top officials close to Kiir have already been sanctioned by the United States, including the once-powerful army chief Paul Malong, who was later fired and forced into exile when he quarrelled with the president.
While there is no U.S. weapons trade to South Sudan, arms continue to flow into the country through neighbouring states from countries in eastern Europe, according to one U.S. source.
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the U.N. Security Council last Wednesday it was time to impose a U.N. arms embargo on South Sudan. Haley visited South Sudan in late October and met with Kiir.
“I urge my fellow Council members to support an arms embargo. This isn't punishment. Nor is it a meaningless gesture. It is something we can do to actually help the people of South Sudan – to slow the violence, slow the flow of arms and ammunition, and protect innocent lives,” she told the council last Wednesday.
Any U.S. push for the U.N. Security Council to take further action against South Sudan is likely to be resisted by veto power Russia. The council sanctioned several senior South Sudanese officials on both sides of the conflict in 2015.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir Mayardit reacts upon arrival at Khartoum airport, Sudan November 1,2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Nureldin Abdallah
“The time has come to acknowledge the hard reality that the leaders of South Sudan are not just failing their people, they are betraying them. And so this Council is at a crossroads,” Haley told the council. “We cannot stand by idly as innocent civilians are murdered and raped.”
In an unusual step, the African Union on Monday said it was open to impose sanctions on leaders violating ceasefires in South Sudan, joining a growing chorus of officials who say those prolonging the conflict must be punished.
”We need to act against those who, with impunity, are continuing to massacre their peaceful populations,” the head of the African Union commission, Moussa Faki Mahamat, told reporters at the AU Summit held in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa.
Oil-rich South Sudan has been wrecked by civil war since 2013, when troops loyal to Kiir clashed with troops loyal to then-Vice President Riek Machar.
Since then, the conflict has claimed tens of thousands of lives, slashed oil production and driven about a third of the population of 12 million from their homes.
The European Union imposed an arms embargo on Sudan in 1994, which was amended to also apply to South Sudan when the country gained independence from Sudan in 2011.
Independent U.N. experts have reported to the U.N. Security Council that South Sudan's government has spent millions of dollars on weapons as the country slid into famine and an economic crisis.
In January 2016 the U.N. experts reported that sources had told them that “Uganda either supplies South Sudan with its own stock or acquires the weapons and then transfers them to South Sudan, without necessarily involving or obtaining the consent of the primary seller.”
Last year, the U.N. experts said: “Weapons continue to flow into South Sudan from diverse sources, often with the coordination of neighbouring countries.”
Queens of the Stone Age‘s Josh Homme has apologized for kicking photographer Chelsea Lauren in the face during the band's Saturday set at the KROQ Acoustic Christmas concert in Inglewood, California. In a pair of
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Josh Homme: ‘Truly Sorry' for Kicking Photographer Onstage
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
CUMBERLAND — As “The Star-Spangled Banner” was sung at Fenway Park on April 12, several local youths were shown larger-than-life on the giant video scoreboard, performing the song in sign language.
For Camryn Copp of Cumberland and Anna Hoffman-Johnson of Falmouth, two members of the Cumberland-based Sounds of Silence, it was the experience of a lifetime.
It was also a particular moment of pride for Robin Sidders of North Yarmouth, who runs the American Sign Language program for students privately, and through Cumberland Recreation Department classes.
The SOS members, who develop sign language skills and deaf culture awareness, are no strangers to widespread exposure. They've sung the anthem for the Portland Sea Dogs and Red Claws, performed holiday favorites at the L.L. Bean flagship store in Freeport and at a Christmas tree lighting at the Cumberland Congregational Church, and appear in a Renys department store TV commercial now being televised.
Hoffman-Johnson is a home-schooled junior who takes classes in Falmouth, and Copp is a freshman at Greely High School in Cumberland. At the game between the Boston Red Sox and Baltimore Orioles they were joined other SOS members from 8-18.
Sidders has taught children as young as 6, and far into adulthood, she said in an interview with the two young women April 14.
The group has 23 members. Most of them are from Sidders' two recreation classes, and many have experience with people with hearing disabilities.
Copp had a deaf student in one of her classrooms, prompting an early desire to learn sign language. Hoffman-Johnson and her cousin tried to teach each other when they were 12.
“I like languages and I'm a visual learner, so it made sense” to learn more, she said.
Sidders learned last summer about the chance to perform at Fenway. She was asked to submit a recording, but Sidders didn't hold her breath waiting for a response.
“I didn't even tell the students, because I didn't want them disappointed,” Sidders said. “I thought it was just a stab in the dark.”
Three weeks before the big game she received a call.
“It just kind of happened,” Sidders said, “and everything just blossomed from there.”
Fenway has a capacity of about 38,000, and was about two-thirds full before the performance, Sidders estimated. The number “is not something I wanted to tell the kids; I said, ‘Just look at me.'”
“It made me a little nervous knowing that I was being videotaped; I didn't want to mess up,” Copp said.
“It helps, definitely, watching Robin” conduct the group, Hoffman-Johnson said. “It's not like you're standing there by yourself … it helps to be in a group. We could all just follow her.”
As the group held the sign language pose for the final word of the song – “brave” – for several moments, “that was my ‘ah-ha' moment,” Sidders said. “I was like, ‘Holy cow; these kids are getting such an opportunity of a lifetime right now, which was so exciting. … They held that for a while, and the crowd kind of took off, and (the students) just had that look in their eyes.”
SOS represents a small community of youths interested in signing. Students are required in school to take some verbal foreign language, but learning sign language is also a choice, Copp and Hoffman-Johnson said.
“I don't know anyone else other than the people who Robin teaches that know sign language … if they're not deaf, or don't have a deaf family member,” Hoffman-Johnson said. “But there's a pretty big deaf community at the church that I go to, and I've attempted to talk to some of them before with the help of Robin.”
Recruitment for SOS tends to be by word of mouth – or perhaps word of hand – where one student's experience will inspire another to become involved.
“I really would love to build this even further, because we have such an amazing deaf community,” Sidders said, referring to the Maine Educational Center for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in Falmouth, formerly the Governor Baxter School for the Deaf.
“We want to bridge the two worlds” between those who can hear and those who cannot, she added. “They are two different cultures, but it's not difficult to bring those together. … We may not have perfected their language, but we know enough of it that we have the responsibility to do what we can to show them that we are all one. And I love that.”
To learn more about Sounds of Silence, or get involved, contact Sidders at robinsidders@gmail.com or 829-8309.
Alex Lear can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 113 or alear@theforecaster.net. Follow him on Twitter: @learics.
Camryn Copp, left, and Anna Hoffman-Johnson study American Sign Language under Robin Sidders. Both are also members of the Cumberland-area Sounds of Silence ASL performance group, which interpreted the national anthem April 12 before a Red Sox game at Fenway Park in Boston.
Surveillance footage from an incident in which a United Airlines employee pushed an elderly passenger to the ground has been released to the public this week.
United Airlines is back at it again with its mistreatment of passengers.
Disturbing video footage has surfaced showing an employee pushing a 71-year-old passenger to the ground at George Bush Intercontinental Airport, Mashable reports.
The footage is two years old but was just released to the public on Tuesday by Houston news station KPRC.
The passenger seen in the video is Ronald Tigner, who has since filed a lawsuit against the airline and two of its employees. The suit seeks more than $1 million for negligence.
According to William Hoke — Tigner's attorney — the confrontation ensued after the elderly passenger asked for a new boarding pass.
After exchanging words with one of the employees, Tigner was allegedly shoved to the floor where he hit his head, knocking him unconscious.
"He lies there lifeless for minutes. Not one employee comes to check on him," Hoke said in an interview.
"They literally left him there like a piece of garbage," he added.
The video is nearly three minutes long and shows a fellow passenger eventually stop to help Tigner.
"It was a good Samaritan, who was a nurse that was catching a flight, ran over, and said, 'Please, God. Someone calls 911,'" Hoke reportedly told KRPC.
It was then that a United employee called 911, claiming they didn't know the cause of the man's fall.
Following the break of this news, United released a statement explaining that the employee in the video no longer works for the airline.
“We have seen the video from 2015 that shows completely unacceptable behavior by a United employee. This employee was terminated from United in August 2015 following the incident. The conduct shown here does not reflect our values or our commitment to treat all of our customers with respect and dignity. We are taking a thorough look into what happened here and reaching out to our customer to profusely apologize for what occurred and to make this right.”
While this particular incident may be old, it doesn't seem as though United has learned much from its mistakes, considering the incident involving Dr. David Dao being dragged off an overbooked flight just occurred earlier this year.
"We have been strategically and aggressively evaluating our store space and productivity, and have accelerated the closing of unprofitable stores as previously announced. This is part of a strategy we have been executing against as many of our larger stores are too big for our need."
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
The Lacey Fire Department responded to a Christmas Day blaze destroyed a residence in the 4500 block of Ruddell Road. All the occupants of the residence escaped the blaze uninjured, but the home is considered as total loss, according to Battalion Chief Mike Heikes. Lt. Jason Berman is also shown holding the charred remains of what was the Christmas tree.
Tilhill Forestry at 2017 Woodlands Competition
Contact
Suzi Christie
***@blueberry- pr.co.uk Suzi Christie
End
-- Tilhill Forestry staff are delighted to have won 22 awards across different categories in the 2017 Woodlands Competition at the Royal Welsh Show.The awards, which received a record number of entries this year, saw woodlands managed by Tilhill Forestry winning six Special Prizes including the covetedfor Rhyd-y-Felin, near Bala, owned by FIM Services Ltd.The planting scheme at Clegymant Farm, near Llanbrynmair, won three Special Prizes including:awarded to thein Stand Classes A, B and C;awarded for the(Managed as Part of an Agricultural Business) in Stand Class H and thefor the privately owned woodland gaining the highest cumulative number of points for the Stand Classes entered.Cwmbran Uchaf, near Llandovery, was described as "demonstrating good management practices throughout" which helped win1, 2, 3 and 4.was awarded to Tilhill Forestry'sas the Forester or Manager of a privately owned woodland in Wales gaining the highest cumulative number of points for the Stand Classes entered., District Manager, Wales & the Marches said: "We are very pleased with the success in this year's awards. It's great news for our staff includingandand the teams who work so hard at sites across Wales and also for our clients as the awards give third party endorsement of the services they are receiving."Other awards won by Tilhill included: a Gold for Cwmbran Uchaf in the Broadleaved, Conifer and Mixed Wood or Stand of Trees Class 2 Best Managed Woodland 11 to 50 Hectares. Clegymant Farm was awarded the Silver medal in the same category.In the Best Managed Woodland 51 to 200 Hectares Gwern-y-Bwlch, near Llanbrynmair, won Gold with judges saying that "continuity of management is the key to success matched by good planning". Silver in the category went to Esgair Cloddiad North, Powys, for excellent forest practice with the judges saying "Tilhill should be proud of their achievements"In the Best Managed Woodland Over 200 Hectares Rhyd-y-Felin won the Gold award with the judges describing the property as "a fine example of commercial forestry at its very best".In the Stand Classes Clegymant Farm won the Gold Medal in Class A (Broadleaf planting or restocking under 10 years old), while Cae Heulen, near Pant-Glas, won Class C (Broadleaf woodland over 40 years old) with Yr Allt, Llanfaelog, taking Silver. In Class D (Conifer planting or restocking under 10 years old) Tilhill Forestry scooped all three medals with the Gold being won by Esgair Cloddiad North, the Silver by Rhyd y Felin and the Bronze by Bryn Coch, Llanddewi Brefi.. In Class E (Conifer Woodland 11 to 30 years old) the Silver went to Cae Heulen. Tilhill won joint Bronze with EsgairnantauForest. In Class H (Area managed in conjunction with Agriculture Management) Clergymant Farm won the Gold medal.Silver in this category also went to Tilhill Forestry for Dinas Forest near Llanwrtyd Wells. The judges said the "whole area had a feeling of being well managed and looked after with timber production being the major focus on this fertile site".Tilhill Forestry, a wholly owned subsidiary of the BSW Timber Group, was established nearly 70 years ago. It is a national company operating from a network of offices throughout the UK. The company provides a full range of consultancy and contracting services to the forest owner and forestry investor. There is also a complementary soft landscaping operation. Further information is available at www.tilhill.com BSW is the most technologically advanced sawmill company in the UK employing over 1,200 people. The Company's roots date back to 1848 and, with seven sawmills in the UK and one in Latvia, has a production capacity of more than 1.2 million mof sawn timber which is distributed throughout construction, fencing and landscape markets www.bsw.co.uk Together, BSW and Tilhill Forestry form a strong partnership in the forest industry that will deliver quality from beginning to end - from creating new forests through to producing timber end products.From left to right:For further information contact Suzi Christie PR Consultant for Tilhill Forestry on 01323 449744 or e-mail suzi@blueberry-pr.co.uk
The United States Forest Service (USFS) has updated the anticipated permitting schedule for the Stibnite gold project, in central Idaho, pencilling in a final record of decision (ROD) date for March 2020, TSX-listed Midas Gold reported on Tuesday.
A draft environmental impact statement (EIS) for public comment will be published in February, followed by a final EIS and draft ROD in October next year.
Advertisement
Midas said that the updated schedule accommodated the review and analysis of a considerable amount of additional information requested by the USFS and six other federal, state and local agencies responsible for the permitting.
“We appreciate the thorough and thoughtful review of the Stibnite gold project by the US Forest Service and other agencies,” Midas president and CEO Stephen Quin said.
Advertisement
“The schedule update indicates regulatory agencies are doing their job to ensure that all the required information is fully assessed, that the best plan gets permitted and the ROD stand.”
To date, Midas has received 97 requests for additional information (RFAI) and provided the requested information to 91 RFAIs, with six in progress and scheduled to be delivered in July.
“Even with updates to the schedule, the review process continues to move forward at a reassuring pace, in large part due to the cooperation of agencies involved in the Stibnite Joint Review Process,” Midas Gold Idaho CEO Laurel Sayer said, adding that the project has the potential to bring hundreds of well-paying jobs to rural Idaho.
In 2014, a prefeasibility study demonstrated potential for a large-scale, long-life, low-cost openpit gold mine. Midas filed plan of restoration and operations in September 2016, which has launched the formal permitting process for mine development. Stibnite has the potential to produce more than 300 000 oz/y of gold at competitive operating costs, and with added exploration upside.
Midas touts Stibnite as “one of North America's premier development stories” and in May, Barrick increased its position in Midas to 19.9% to gain access to the Stibnite gold project.
The new Dzire leads by a healthy margin but what are others up t?
The entire compact sedan segment remained pretty much stagnant compared to October 2017, but the sales grew 15.5 per cent compared to the same month a year back. Maruti Suzuki continued to control the lion's share in this segment too and is steadily eating into others' pies. Sales for the Maruti Suzuki Dzire grew 30 per cent YoY and 9.1 per cent MoM.
The new Dzire is a significant improvement over its predecessor and addresses all of the shortcomings of the outgoing model. It is offered in six colours, with two engines, two transmissions and four variants to choose from, giving buyers a lot of variety. But accurately estimating demand and managing the production of its 84 unique combinations can be a nightmare. Having said that, so far, Maruti Suzuki is handling it without a hiccup.
Since the entire segment doesn't grow overnight, when someone gains, someone has to lose. The Hyundai Xcent suffered a big loss along with the Ford Aspire and the Tata Zest. All three of these cars witnessed considerably lower demand compared to October 2017 and November 2016 dispatches.
The Tata Tigor showed an improvement of almost 32 per cent MoM and came close to becoming the second best selling compact sedan of the month. For now, it'll have to settle for the third spot though. Combined, Tata has the second spot as the Zest still continues to post four-digit numbers. However, it won't be around for much longer to keep Tata locked in the second place.
As if an already attractive price tag wasn't tempting enough, Volkswagen is now offering heavy year-end discounts on the Ameo. They're helping the Ameo record decent numbers given that it had a slow start. It looks like the Ford Aspire is also losing grip in this segment as it's very close the three-digit mark. A facelift with the new 1.2-litre Dragon petrol engine could help it revive the numbers.
November 2017 Sales Comparison - City vs Ciaz vs Verna vs Vento vs Rapid
November 2017 Sales Comparison - Compass Vs Tucson Vs CR-V Vs XUV500 Vs Hexa
November 2017 Sales Comparison - Mahindra XUV500 vs Tata Hexa vs Toyota Innova Crysta
November 2017 Sales Comparison - City vs Ciaz vs Verna vs Vento vs Rapid
November 2017 Sales Comparison - Superb Vs Camry Vs Accord Vs Passat
November 2017 Sales Comparison - Compass Vs Tucson Vs CR-V Vs XUV500 Vs Hexa
November 2017 Sales Comparison - Mahindra XUV500 vs Tata Hexa vs Toyota Innova Crysta
Read More on : Swift Dzire AMT
Man Turns Grief For Wife's Death Into Hundreds Of Bluebirds HousesLosing a loved one is one of the hardest things someone can go through. And the grieving process can last a long time. But from tragedy comes new life. And Ron Rudolph is learning exactly that.
For the next two seasons, the Los Angeles Rams will play their home games at the recently renamed United Airlines Memorial Coliseum. It's not something fans or players are particularly excited about, especially after seeing renderings of their future home in Inglewood, but that's the reality of building a new stadium.
When the Rams do move into their new digs in 2020, it's bound to be one of the best venues in all sports. Construction is currently ongoing out in Inglewood with the Rams posting regular updates. Here's the latest look at the progress of the stadium going up.
Our future home is coming along nicely 🙌🏗📈#LARams pic.twitter.com/GX9UU3ojvh — Los Angeles Rams (@RamsNFL) March 18, 2018
As you can see, it's beginning to take shape. Before you know it, the Rams will be winning raising NFC West banners in that building.
The tenant-purchase scheme that enables those in social housing to purchase their home from a local authority must be suspended, a report on the future of council housing has said.
The report, commissioned by the philanthropic body Community Foundation for Ireland, also calls for the removal of successor tenancies - which allow children of sitting tenants to inherit tenancies - and for the construction of smaller council housing units so tenants can downsize after their children have grown up.
A total of 365,350 council housing units have been provided to Irish people since the 19th century, and during the 1960s and 1970s one-third of all house constructions were council dwellings, according to the report. In 2016, council houses accounted for 22 per cent of the total Irish housing stock.
Between 1990 and 2016, 43 per cent of the 82,869 council houses built during that period were sold to tenants, often with a discount of up to 60 per cent on the market value, writes the report.
Two-thirds of all council housing is now privately owned after being bought through the tenant purchase scheme, which has been in place since the 1930s.
This is made “an important contribution to increasing home ownership” but has significantly reduced the number of council homes available to rent, warns the study.
The authors said increased pressure on tenants securing private rented accommodation is a “key driver of homelessness” and can only be resolved by providing more social housing.
According to the 2016 Census, 8.7 per cent of households and 30.4 per cent of renters in cities are accommodation in council housing.
The report also calls for a “radical restructuring of funding of council housing” and warns that funding housing through central Government grants has made the “up front” costs of delivering council housing expensive.
The authors of the report, Prof Michelle Norris and Dr Aideen Hayden from the UCD School of Social Policy, Social Work and Social Justice, argue the European model of funding through loans to local councils discharged over a longer period of time would be more effective and affordable.
Ms Norris told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that loans would provide more stability and move away from the boom/bust system that has operated over the past 30 years.
Historically social housing has been funded from the central exchequer and during times of recession these types of grants can be difficult to afford, she said.
Ms Norris pointed out that exchequer funding for social housing was cut by 82 per cent during the last recession - which was an inefficient model of funding for social housing.
Capital spending on new council housing rapidly declined after the economic crisis in 2007/8, falling from 94 per cent between then and 2013. In 2013, some €55 million was spent on council housing, but this has since increased to €561 million for 2018.
The report also calls for changes to how tenants pay rents. To date rents have been based on income, which is inadequate income for local authorities who are then left with funding problems for maintenance, she said.
“Rents [for social housing] need to rise,” said Ms Norris. “The cost to build the house should be reflected in the rent. That will enable the local authority to repay the loans.” She added that low-income families could receive a rent supplement from the Government.
The report, which will be unveiled on Wednesday afternoon, recommends that local authorities retain more property tax revenue to fund housing provision and that the redistribution of tax from urban authorities, where housing demand is high, to rural local authorities, where the demand is lower, is reduced.
It says there should be “compulsory deduction of council housing rents” from social welfare payments and a requirement for local authorities to “ringfence income rents” to be spent on council housing management and maintenance.
Top guests included: Diplo, Jake Miller, Ally Brooke from Fifth Harmony, Drew Chadwick & Wesley Stromberg (Emblem 3) King (*Nominated for Best Urban Album), SOFI TUKKER (*NOMINATED Best Dance Recording), Ricky Whittle, Matty Cardarople, Laura Spencer, Kandi Burruss, and many more
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - February 14, 2017) - GBK, the luxury lifestyle gift lounge and special events company, honored GRAMMY Nominees and Presenters and a wide variety of other well-known talent with a luxury gift and style lounge on February 11th, featuring unique gifts in an exciting atmosphere -- hosted at McLaren and Maserati Beverly Hills -- part of The Auto Gallery's Family of Dealerships.
This event was unique as GBK decided to create a tribute to our music past, and showcase artists that are no longer with us -- including original Artwork from Michael Jackson, a signed guitar from Prince, and numerous albums signed by artists -- two on their press wall signed by Whitney Houston. Other Albums throughout the venue included legend B.B. King, Lou Reed, David Bowie, Leonard Cohen, Amy Winehouse, George Michael and numerous others. To add to the atmosphere, DJ Tegan spun records from the beloved music icons throughout the day as well.
The event started out with GBK's ritual of giving back, but this time it was a bit different. Make-A-Wish brought 4 kids to be treated like a celebrity for the day. Yes, they received a variety of amazing gifts, like handmade leather hats, from American hatmakers; a certificate from Crystamas Inc. for the kids to add the most beautiful Christmas ornament they have ever seen to their Christmas tree for many years to come; organic and natural spa/bath products by Beauty Kitchen by Heather Marianna; Rosewill's Prelude Headphones, handcrafted from selected natural beech wood, adding warmth to the sound quality in exactly the same way that wood musical instruments perform; but for the kids #1 highlight was definitely meeting and taking a picture with Jake Miller, who was incredibly kind.
In the theme of giving back Jiusko USA donated $3,000 to Make a Wish in the name of many of the talents that tweeted on their behalf. Sofi Tucker and many others absolutely loved these affordable Luxury Timepieces, manufactured in China with precision, quality parts.
The Celebrities in attendance were excited to receive a wide variety of gifts. Diplo was the most excited about the Sound Bot Speakers,and was pleased to know that he could give his certificate from Credit Accelerator to someone that could utilize it a bit more than him. He said he knew a few people that needed a bit of credit repair. Kandi Burruss was excited about this gift too, and the ability to help those in need. Ally from Fifth Harmony thought HIFIMAN had the most stylish headphones she had ever seen. It was amazing that so many celebrities were excited to receive Argan Oil Ultimate Gold Hair Care set, a complete professional hair care set for dry and damaged hair. They literally were saying how much they needed a quality product like Luseta Beauty.
To keep the celebrities fashionable and ready for the Red Carpet, there were gorgeous bracelets with diamonds and various other stones from BOPULENT Jewelry, and to keep those eyes looking perfect, Minki Lash -- the most natural-looking, cruelty-free, and eco-friendly Siberian mink lashes -- that were 3 times more lightweight than conventional synthetic strip lashes. Of course, everyone needs shoes, so GuiltySoles was there providing high quality, fashion forward footwear at a guilt free price. For the music lovers on-the-go, Audiopark had them covered with headphones that wrap as a bracelet, so they are always easily accessible. Finally, to keep everyone feeling energized and healthy, DermaGo --a Mobile Medical Spa -- issued B-12 shots on site and certificates for other services to have at your home -- such as Botox, Juvederm, and Clear and Brilliant.
Every event needs Food and Drinks to add to the atmosphere. 4 Copas Tequila -- The Original Organic Agave Tequila -- made amazing margaritas and gave out shots to those inclined. Many of the celebrities were shocked at how easily they went down and even asked for seconds. The Blending Lab poured their custom-made wine and gave out certificates to go to their new location in West Hollywood for additional tastes of choice. Then of course, so one didn't get too intoxicated, GBK choose two of the best new caterers in LA. The first being Meal and Speil, whose recipes reflect a crossroad between Italian and healthy practices of California Living. In addition to their small bites -- which attendees went crazy over -- they also gave out certificates for home cooking lessons. Mr. Foodtastic was on site sampling his famous flavored popcorn and giving his secret spice, as well a certificate for a catered meal at the celebrity's home. For those who want to live on the edge a bit, Dot Com Vapor was there with Premium E Liquid, without a Premium price. And for those who needed to satisfy their sweet tooth after all of that, Sprinkles Cupcakes were on hand with custom designed GBK Cupcakes.
ABOUT GBK:
GBK, formerly GBK Productions, is a luxury lifestyle gifting and special events company, specializing in entertainment marketing integration. Formed in 2000 by Gavin Keilly, the company's Founder and CEO, GBK consists of five divisions: GBK Celebrity Gifting, GBK Special Events, GBK Weddings, GBK Charitable Consulting and GBK Marketing/Public Relations. Widely known in the entertainment industry for bringing that little extra something into the Gifting Lounge environment, GBK offers its clients a full range of marketing services. For more information on Gavin B. Keilly (CEO) or GBK, please go to gbkproductions.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_1_Ally_Brooke_and_Gavin-4dd7050ccee09e84a9e603d91bd53e0e.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/mw1b8vj54ku1v8nfu31utk1aev1r8dd-fd449d422d37aa65ad6092f95cbb9dcf.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_3_Diplo_with_Soundbot-3bcc60b00fefbb4a9423f6797e1462d2.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_4_Jake_Miller_with_Make_A_Wish_children-3c4c1e6ab7e5a25eb3ae2dbb4ef29108.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_5_Kandi_Burress-173c041d4cbd8f50948be43c0ec335f2.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_6_Records_from_ceiling-5d8bcf732cc0b5f1a6c1e5abb2edb047.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130330/Images/G130330_MG_7368_(1)-699720d2065d89ea9474b2e16dc8f755.jpg
SYDNEY: Australia is scrapping secrecy laws designed to stop whistleblowers from speaking out about alleged abuse at offshore asylum-seeker detention camps, in a move which campaigners Monday hailed as a victory for free speech. The secrecy provisions were introduced in 2015, making it a jailable offense for immigration department workers to speak out about conditions in the centers. But Immigration Minister Peter Dutton last week moved an amendment to the law to restrict the definition of unauthorized disclosures to information relating to the national or public interest. He told parliament last week the 2015 changes had “not kept pace with the developments in the modern border environment.” Asylum-seekers who try to reach Australia by boat are either turned back or sent to remote camps in Nauru and on Papua New Guinea's Manus Island. Refugee advocates and medical professionals have long criticized conditions in the camps, where some detainees have been held for years.
AFP
SILVERSTONE, England (AP) — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year "has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren" and that "the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery."
Advertisement
McLaren is sixth in the constructors' championship, 203 points behind leader Ferrari. McLaren driver Fernando Alonso is eighth in the drivers' standings with 36 points.
The British Grand Prix takes place on Sunday.
Opening batsman Nasir Jamshed became the fifth Pakistani to get a suspension for his involvement in spot-fixing during the Pakistan Super League when an anti-corruption tribunal court found him guilty on Monday.
Jamshed was allegedly the middle man between players and an alleged bookie. He has denied all charges.
Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) legal adviser Taffazul Rizvi announced the verdict, saying the investigation into fixing charges was still under way.
"The three-member tribunal banned Jamshed for one year for non-cooperation with the investigation," Rizvi told media.
"PCB has not levelled any fixing charges on Jamshed as yet as there is another investigation under way against him in (the) UK."
Britain's National Crime Agency arrested Jamshed and one unnamed person five days after the spot-fixing allegations surfaced during the second edition of the PSL in February.
Former Pakistan opener Sharjeel Khan was banned for five years -- with half of that sentence suspended -- while his fellow teammate Khalid Latif was also banned for five years and fined one million rupees ($9,460) in the same case.
Khan was charged for playing two dot balls during the PSL match between Islamabad United and Peshawar Zalmi as part of a spot-deal struck by Latif.
Spot-fixing is the practice of pre-determining the outcome of a specific part of a match in return for money.
Jamshed has played two Tests, 48 one-day internationals and 18 Twenty20 for Pakistan.
He was last included in Pakistan's World Cup 2015 squad as a replacement but was booed off by the crowd for being overweight and in poor form.
Another former opener Shahzaib Hasan is also under investigation in the case.
Paceman Mohammad Irfan (banned for one year) and spinner Mohammad Nawaz (banned for two months) have completed their sentences on not reporting fixing offers to the PCB.
Bask & Co. Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Beauty
* Parenting
* Pregnancy Industry:
* Beauty Location:
* Albany - Georgia - US Subject:
* Products
Contact
Tatem Fowler Public Relations
***@tatemfowler.com Tatem Fowler Public Relations
End
--announces the launch of new, a nourishing cream designed with expecting and new moms in mind. Key ingredient Kokum butter acts as an emollient that's easily absorbed into the skin while promoting healthy skin cells to help treat stretch marks and scarring. Kokum butter has antibacterial, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties that make it ideal for treating damaged and sensitive skin. Its ability to rejuvenate skin cells also helps to combat wrinkles, fine lines and age spots. Bergamot essential oil helps revitalize skin while providing a soothing aroma. Bergamot promotes healthy, clear skin and is frequently used in massage therapy for its calming benefits."Our new Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm was formulated specifically with expecting and new moms in mind," explains. "Kokum butter is extracted directly from the fruit of kokum trees, which are native to India. This ingredient is known for its healing properties and is great for stretch marks – but the product can be used for everything from cracked heels to a pre-shampoo hair treatment too! Bergamot essential oil gives Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm its fresh, clean, spicy-sweet scent that will leave users feeling soothed and relaxed – a must for moms."Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm includes Shea, Cocoa and Kokum butters, as well as Coconut, Grapeseed, vitamin E, Lavender, Tea Tree and Bergamot essential oils. As with all Bask & Co. products, Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm is 100% all-natural and free of artificial ingredients, GMOs, fillers, parabens, alcohol, animal products, artificial fragrances, sulfates, artificial colors and unnatural preservatives.Kokum Butter Belly + Body Balm is now available at http://www.baskandco.com for $26 each.- take it in, receive its warmth, or bathe in its goodness; revel in and make the most of something pleasingThe word "bask" encapsulates the very essence of the company, where beautifully handcrafted all-natural products are thoughtfully made with both consumers and the environment in mind. Bask & Co. is committed to using the finest sustainable, ethically-sourced, fair-trade, cruelty-free, vegan and organic ingredients. With a range of handcrafted skin and body products for both men and women, Bask & Co. products are free of artificial additives, fragrances and colors, as well as GMOs, fillers, parabens, alcohol, sulfates, and unnatural preservatives. All packaging is recyclable and reusable. With clean, fresh scents and gentle, effective formulas, Bask & Co. offers not only great skincare but encourages a happy, intentional lifestyle as well. Bask & Co. is also a company with a cause, committed to serving and bettering local communities with its 100 Bars™ Initative, where handcrafted soap is donated to non-profits in need of personal care or hygiene products.
CHICAGO — The Latest on the debut of bitcoin futures trading (all times local):
9:15 a.m.
So far, bitcoin is a hit on Wall Street.
The first-ever futures contract for the virtual currency bitcoin started trading Sunday and the price surged. As of 9:15 a.m. CST Monday, bitcoin futures that expire in January were trading at $17,800, up $2,340, according to data from CBOE Global Markets.
The futures allow investors to bet on the direction of bitcoin, but do not involve actual bitcoin. The price of bitcoin is quoted at $16,336 on the Coindesk exchange.
The CBOE's competitor exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18.
03:40 a.m.
Bitcoin futures have fallen back slightly from their overnight high.
At 3:40 a.m. central time (0940 GMT) on Monday, the futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,600.
It opened at 5 p.m. CST at $15,000 and climbed as high as $18,700 in its first day of trading, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The price of a bitcoin was $16,571.03 as of 3:40 a.m. (0940 GMT), according to the bitcoin exchange Coindesk.
——
01:30 a.m.
Bitcoin futures have advanced further in overnight trading. At 1:30 a.m. central time (0730 GMT) the futures contract that expires in January was trading at $18,590. It opened at 5 p.m. CST at $15,000, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:30 a.m. CST it was at $16,611.56 on Coindesk.
——
9:30 p.m.
Bitcoin futures are spiking in their first hours of trading.
Trading in the first-ever bitcoin futures began at 5 p.m. central time. At 9:15 CST, the futures contract that expires in January, which opened at $15,000, was trading at $18,010, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The CBOE's competitor exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 9:10 p.m. CST, it was at $16,405.76 on Coindesk.
——
6:05 p.m.
The first-ever bitcoin futures rose in early trading. The futures rose $540 to $16,000 on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
The traffic to the Chicago Board Options Exchange website after start of trading overwhelmed the site.
“Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to http://www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Bitcoin is a digital currency that has exploded in popularly and volatility this year. Sunday marked the first time bitcoin futures have traded on a major U.S. exchange.
The CBOE futures do not involve actual bitcoin; they're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
——
This story has been corrected to show that traffic to the CBOE's website, not trading on the website, slowed the site's performance.
April 6 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- President Donald Trump said a suspected chemical attack by the Assad regime was "a terrible affront to humanity" that changed his mind about the Syrian strongman, signaling a more aggressive U.S. policy toward Syria. on.wsj.com/2nZZy6q
- Federal Reserve officials agreed at their March policy meeting they would likely begin shrinking a $4.5 trillion portfolio of Treasury and mortgage securities later this year, though they remained undecided on how quickly to reduce the holdings and to what level, according to minutes released Wednesday. on.wsj.com/2o0a5yv
- The Trump administration, stung by its failure to advance a health-care overhaul through Congress last month, is trying to lay a stronger foundation for a tax-code rewrite by taking a lead role in shaping the legislative push, according to interviews with several senior administration officials. on.wsj.com/2o091e5
- General Electric Co. is weighing a sale of its consumer-lighting business, which for decades defined the company following its co-founding 125 years ago by Thomas Edison, the inventor of the first viable incandescent lamp. on.wsj.com/2nZZTWM
- Theranos Inc. founder Elizabeth Holmes, whose once-$5 billion stakes in her blood-testing firm has shriveled amid regulatory and legal challenges, also owes her company about $25 million. on.wsj.com/2o0ahhd
- MGM Holdings Inc is taking full ownership of pay-television network Epix, buying out partners Viacom Inc. and Lions Gate Entertainment in a more than $1.03 billion deals. on.wsj.com/2o09lJP
- Australia's consumer watchdog is suing Apple Inc. over software which disabled iPhones and iPads that had been serviced outside Apple stores after users downloaded updates. on.wsj.com/2nZUWgB
- BlackRock Inc has nominated Cisco Systems Inc. leader Chuck Robbins as a director, making him the first technology chief executive on the board of the world's largest money manager. on.wsj.com/2nZWHuv (Compiled by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru)
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City boss Gianfranco Zola refused to blame luck for his team's latest defeat.
Blues had overcome a terrible first half to haul themselves back into the game in the second period.
But once again they were caught with a sucker punch as Preston grabbed a winner 12 minutes from time to hand Zola his eighth defeat in 14 games as Blues boss.
And the manager admitted they can't keep claiming misfortune.
"I don't want to talk about unlucky any more, I am fed up with talking about things like that," Zola said.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
"There is a reason we keep losing games like this - so we are not unlucky.
"We are - at the moment - very poor, as simple as that. We have got to be honest.
"I am the first person responsible. Results have been no good.
"I think we have to stop talking as well, we need to just go out there and be more careful.
"We had total control of the game in the second half, we were just waiting to score. They come once and they score - that's disappointing to be honest."
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
"The players at the moment are very edgy, the confidence is not there and we start like that.
"But the second half was good - again. There was one team that was waiting to concede - then they come down and score. I am very frustrated at the moment.
"Now is the moment that we really stop talking and act a little bit better.
"I am disappointed because we don't work for that - to see a team that plays football they way we did in the second half go down again is really frustrating.
"It's very difficult for me to talk, I shouldn't talk, we don't need to say more, we just need to act a little bit better."
British fighter Anthony Joshua is getting into shape to take on Kiwi heavyweight Joseph Parker in Cardiff next month, sharing a video of his gruelling workout routine.
Joshua, 28, will face the unbeaten Kiwi in a winner-takes-all clash, risking his WBA and IBF titles in an attempt to gain Parker's WBO belt.
Posting on Instagram, Joshua can be seen in a number of rigorous activities, from weights to cardio and even conditioning, leaving no stone unturned in his preparation for the unification bout.
New York, USA – 9 June 2017 – Gym Knight does what haven't been done before: combines the superhero business with the gym business and adds the cherry on the top that is clothing. Many of us have long suffered for the lack of some cool gym clothing to try on. Everything seemed to be comprised of the neon colors that people that understand a thing or two about style simply hate. The compression shirt is the answer to all of these woes and it comes now in various styles: the main being the Superman style.
Now the shirt that the client is wearing can sport the Man of Steel Logo and various other amazing superhero themes. There is also a vast selection of compression pants to choose from and the people that are into such comic movies or games will surely appreciate the moment to get their hands onto the latest and greatest gear now available on the market. There are some great promotions that Gym Knight has been conducting from time to time. It is advised to get the information from the newsletter of the page of when those offers are being launched so that the client and his family can benefit from this ultimate deal.
More and more people are flocking towards the compression shirt idea and are very enthusiastic about getting all of their gym gear from the Gym Knight web page. This page is catering to both boys and girls and have amazing themed shirts and pants for both genders. There are also some cool workout tanks and jewelry that is also themed at the topic. Just imagine how cool would the Punisher compression shirts look on you or your friends. This is an amazing present for any of the friends that are avid gym goers.
Thinking about the family and friends is always a great idea – they would greatly appreciate their new compression pants. Compression has long been a good standard for the gym goers and has now gone viral and everyone keeps talking about it. Trying out the new standard can be a good motivation to go to the gym more and keep building the body that you have been always dreaming of. The compression shirt would be a great new acquisition and getting it from Gym Knight can guarantee that the price is just right but the quality is surely over the top.
Contact:
Company: Gym Knight
Email: help@gymknight.com
Address: M-F 9AM – 5PM est located: Cheyenne, WY 82009
Web site: https://www.gymknight.com/
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
TINA Turner was seen attending a fashion show in Paris on Tuesday just hours before her son was found dead aged 59 after reportedly taking his own life.
Craig Raymond Turner, who is the singer's firstborn child, was found unresponsive at his home in Studio City, California, on Tuesday.
Police confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances and he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12.38pm local time (5.38am AEST), reports The Sun.
Tina Turner with her son Craig, pictured in the 1980s. Picture: Supplied
The Los Angeles County coroner's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed he had died by suicide, however a post-mortem examination is due to take place.
Just hours earlier, music icon Tina Turner, 78, was seen attending a Giorgio Armani show at the Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris.
She was just 18 when she had Craig with Raymond Hill - who played the saxophone for the band Kings of Rhythm.
Craig was adopted by her husband Ike Turner after their marriage in 1962 and gave him his name.
Ike and Tina Turner in Australia in 1975. Picture: Supplied
She also adopted Ike's two children from his first marriage - Ike Jnr, 59, and Michael, 58.
Turner has a son - 57-year-old Ronnie - with Ike.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in May 2005, Tina Turner said Craig was "a very emotional kid" who had witnessed her being abused by Ike.
Tina Turner has spoken about how her children saw ex-husband Ike beat her. Picture: Supplied
She said: "They saw the black eyes. Ike's children never reacted, but my oldest son, Craig, was a very emotional kid. He'd always look down in sadness.
"One day when Ike was fighting me, Craig knocked on the door and said, 'Mother, are you all right?'
Tina Turner is a true legend of the music industry. Picture: Supplied
"I thought, 'Oh, please, don't beat me at home.' I didn't want my children to hear."
According to his Facebook page, Craig worked in real estate in Beverly Hills.
Tina Turner moved to Switzerland in 1994 before her second marriage to German music producer Erwin Bach five years ago.
If you or someone you love is in crisis or needs support right now, please call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or BeyondBlue on 1300 224 636. If it is an emergency please call 000.
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.
By Abdallah el-Kurebe
The Sokoto state Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Kabiru Aliyu has described the Progressive Party (APC) across the country as an opposition party to itself.
He told Newsdiaryonline in an exclusive interview on Monday that the poor performance of the party at all levels of government was responsible to the suffering of the people of Nigeria.
Aliyu described the current fracas between the Presidency and the Senate as act of immaturity perpetrated by a bunch of people who had no positive feelings for the people they govern.
“Should the Senate and the Presidency be insensitive to the plight of the people and continue with the selfish fight among themselves? This is an act of immaturity. They don't have the people at heart,” he alleged.
According to him, “I expected the leadership of the APC to take control of their ego by maintaining smooth relationship between all arms of government, especially the Legislature and the Executive. The failure of the party to ensure this means that it is not in control. It has become a party divided by itself and in itself.”
The PDP scribe added that Nigerians were not happy with the APC administration because of the harsh policies it had introduced. “The people of Nigeria are disillusioned by the poor performance of the APC administration across all levels of governments. People are suffering and in spite of the hope and trust that they had on the new administration, people have been betrayed. Nothing has changed. Nigerians have not seen anything new,” Aliyu said.
Aliyu alleged that President Buhari's fight against corruption was not only selective but also that the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) boss, Ibrahim Magu was a hunting dog of the presidency.
“Magu is a hunting dog of the presidency. You will see that only members of the PDP are being investigated and prosecuted by the EFCC. There are many APC members that have cases with the Commission but not being prosecuted. It is bad for this democracy,” he said.
Commenting on the recent meningitis epidemic in Sokoto state, Aliyu claimed that against Sokoto state government's claim that only a few deaths were recorded as a result of type C meningitis, “many people are dying. Go to the cemetery and see the number of dead people that are being buried on daily basis. They are only lying that only few people have died.”
Radyo Mindanao August 14, 2017
You are listening to Mindanao Examiner Radio – also broadcast daily from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. on RPN-dxXX 1008 kHz covering Western Mindanao, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi, and Central Mindanao.
For radio advertisements and sponsorship, please call 062-9925480 or 082-2960658 or text 0995-5202358 and 0947-4823453. For more details, please visit http://mindanaoexaminer.com/ad-rates.
21 total views, 21 views today
The largest wildfire in the U.S. this year burned in Montana, decimating 423 miles of fertile rangeland, and with it, the livelihoods of many Garfield and Petroleum County ranchers.
Republican State Representative Bill Harris of Winnet was one of them. Harris documented much of the disaster that destroyed his ranchland on his personal Facebook. He's pointing the finger at a nearby Wilderness Study Area (WSA) managed by the Bureau of Land Management as contributing to overall fire devastation.
While he acknowledges that a lightning storm ignited the blaze amid an exceptional drought, he is criticizing the unique rules that govern federally-maintained WSAs, alleging that they caused hesitation among fire managers.
"It's not negligence," Harris says. "That's what people keep thinking but that's not what it is. It's people with responsibility like team leaders in the firefighting groups that have to make decisions on how they can deal with WSA boundaries."
Montana has 44 WSAs, which are a lot like protected wilderness, just without that designation made by Congress. But despite that, WSAs are federally managed, either by the U.S. Forest Service or the BLM.
The areas include unique rules for the purpose of discouraging development, and maintaining the natural state of the land; rules like forbidding motorized vehicles, for example.
Al Nash is communications director for the BLM-Montana, Dakotas. He doesn't agree with Representative Harris' claim, that WSAs contributed to the Lodgepole fire devastation, because fire managers were forced to grapple with unique, federal rules.
"It wasn't that it was a wilderness area. It was that there was no good access for wildland engines or heavy equipment," Nash says. "And that much of the area is extremely steep with very poor footing, so it was not safe to put firefighters on foot in that area."
Nash says that incident response teams respect the unique rules that help preserve WSAs, but in a wildfire emergency, the BLM will do whatever it takes to help protect the highest priorities in such a situation: people and their property.
We've come a long way from Daniel Patrick Moynihan excoriating the U.N.'s 1975 “Zionism is racism” resolution in one of the finer exhibits of righteous indignation in the history of American speechifying. The Obama administration acceded to — and, reportedly, assisted behind the scenes — a less notorious but still noxious Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements. By the administration's lights, the action is clever — it will be extremely difficult to reverse and will increase Israel's international isolation.
Former Town target Alex Woodyard has left Lincoln City to sign for League One side Peterborough United.
The 25-year-old, who Hatters made an enquiry for back in January, departed the Red Imps yesterday, with Posh shelling out an undisclosed fee for the midfielder, as he penned a two year deal.
Woodyard made over 100 appearances for Lincoln, helping the club to promotion into the Football League, as bullish Peterborough boss Steve Evans told the club's official website: "There is no doubt that the signing of Alex Woodyard represents the best signing in League One to date in the close season activity.
"It is fair to say that many people at Lincoln City and outside Lincoln City would describe Alex as their best player and that comes down to performances.
“He was outstanding against my team last season when I was at Mansfield and each time that I watched Lincoln, he was the player that I went away thinking that I would love to work with if possible. On my recent trip to the States with the board, I highlighted players that I thought would be key to us for the new season and right at the top end of that list was Alex Woodyard."
Speaking about the former Southend player back in January, Luton chief Nathan Jones had said: “We enquired about him, they said he wasn't for sale, and whether the boy had a desire to come here, we don't know.
“We've made a tentative enquiry, but that's about it and we move on from there.”
Palatine Legion helps Maddon make point for Chicago Cubs
hello
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon once again is observing "American Legion Week" at Wrigley Field.
That means players arrive at the ballpark much later in the day, just as they did when they played American Legion ball.
To honor the American Legion, Maddon unfurled the banner of Post 690 in Palatine.
"It's twofold, threefold for me," Maddon said. "First of all to the actual American Legion post and the veterans and how they've served, I think that they actually enjoy seeing their flag up here tonight, and we can draw more attention to that.
"And then it goes into the American Legion baseball that we played. American Legion baseball in the summertime. You would work all day. I was either a fence installer or sometimes at the playground. And then you'd show up about 5 o'clock for a 5:30 game. You shake hands and you'd play, and you were fine.
"You'd hit the ball. You'd catch the ball. You'd throw the ball well. You did not have to be there from 2 o'clock or 1 o'clock in the afternoon to perform the game properly."
The third part is getting rest for the players in the dog days of summer.
"I want them to come out here after a long West Coast road trip, come on out here and just show up a little bit later, a little bit more rested mentally and go out and just play the game of baseball like it was intended to be played," Maddon said.
"Data, extra work, all that kind of stuff, it's the middle of August. We've had since the beginning of February to get all that stuff in the barn. So I just want us to play."
Palatine Post 690 has more than 300 members. It hosts Thanksgiving dinner for Navy recruits from Great Lakes and supports veterans at Hines Hospital and other veterans causes.
No rush on Russell:
Shortstop Addison Russell has been taking some fielding practice and working in the batting cage as he continues to recover from a foot injury. Russell has been on the disabled list since Aug. 3.
"He's coming along slowly," said general manager Jed Hoyer. "No real updates. As cliché as it is, we just want to take it day by day and see how he feels."
Hoyer described the injury as muscular along with some plantar fasciitis. The Cubs will not rush Russell back into action.
Javier Baez, who had played more second base when Russell was in the lineup, has taken over shortstop duties. Baez was drafted as a shortstop.
He made a quick tag in Monday night's third inning to get the Cincinnati Reds' Adam Duvall trying to steal second base. He then went deep into the hole to throw out Scooter Gennett on a grounder.
"I'm ready to play every day," Baez said.
A pain in the neck:
Ben Zobrist was a late lineup scratch with a stiff neck. Tommy La Stella subbed for Zobrist at second base.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lifelong Rams fan celebrated his 104th birthday in style with a visit from two former Derby County players.
John Antliff, known as Jack, who lives at Willow Croft Nursing Home in Borrowash, was given a signed Derby County shirt with his name and the number 104 on the back by Rams legends Roy McFarland and Roger Davies to celebrate his birthday on Sunday, February 4.
Jack, who was born in Drewry Lane, Derby, has been a Derby County fan since he was a small boy and said he went to almost all of the team's home games.
“I used to ride my bicycle there and I would give a boy that lived on the corner a shilling to park my bicycle in the alleyway and walk the rest of the way,” he said.
Mr McFarland began his career with the Rams in 1967 after being signed by Brian Clough and Peter Taylor and Mr Davies joined Derby County in 1971.
Both were playing for the club when they won the league championship – in a match Jack was able to go and watch.
Jack said he was overwhelmed to receive a visit from the pair – which was organised by Willow Croft care assistant Denise Hosty, who described Jack an “intelligent, witty and very friendly” man.
Over the course of several years, Jack has documented his life in a diary which details events and memories since his birth in 1914.
Jack attended Gerard Street Primary School and the Junior Art School in Green Lane where he met his wife-to-be, Ethel.
After leaving school at the age of 16, Jack could not find a position as a draughtsman and began working for his father's bakery and grocery business.
He managed to finally secure a job in the position he wanted at Horace Greaves Ltd.
At the outbreak of the war, he took a job at Rolls-Royce and joined the Home Guard, being placed in the plotting room due to his day job.
He left Rolls-Royce for a short time between 1947 and 1955 but rejoined the company after being asked back.
Jack spent 32 years in total there before his retirement in 1979.
Ethel died in 1997 age 82. The couple had one daughter, Jean Roulinson, two grandchildren, Dave and Sue, and two great-grandchildren.
Jack was a former district Scout commissioner, having began his career in the Scouts at the age of 11.
During his time with the Scouts, Jack even marched his troop to Drum Hill, Little Eaton, to parade in front of the father of Scouting, Lord Baden-Powell.
He formed his own troop, rose to the rank of Scoutmaster and eventually became district commissioner for Derby North.
Jack's daughter, Jean, says her dad believes his time with the Scouts is his secret to a long life.
She said: “Dad has always said his secret was working with young people. He has just had good health all of his life. He's always been a very happy person.”
May 2 Boubyan Petrochemical Company:
* Signs agreement with two shareholders of Educational Holding to buy their stake in Educational Holding
* Says deal is to purchase 53.34 percent stake in Educational Holding Source:(bit.ly/2p4tiyG) Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Members of Germany's mighty Verdi union march through the main hall of Berlin Tegel airport during a warning strike by ground services, security checks and check-in staff in Berlin, Germany, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
FILE PHOTO: Members of Germany's mighty Verdi union march through the main hall of Berlin Tegel airport during a warning strike by ground services, security checks and check-in staff in Berlin, Germany, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN Germany's Verdi union has agreed a three-year pay deal for its 2,000 ground staff at Berlin's airports, the union said on Tuesday, ending the threat of further strikes and flight disruption.
The deal, reached through mediation, envisages an average 14 percent rise over three years made in four stages, an increase in the hourly wage and improvements in workers' contracts, Verdi said in a statement.
The deal still has to be approved by union members.
"We had to make comprehensive and painful compromises to get a result but the employers also moved in the end," Verdi negotiator Enrico Ruemker said in a statement.
Three days of walkouts by ground staff over the dispute earlier this month led to the cancellation of more than 1,800 flights, equivalent to almost all of the flights that should have operated from Berlin's two airports on those days.
Carriers Air Berlin (AB1.DE), Lufthansa (LHAG.DE), easyJet (EZJ.L) and Ryanair (RYA.I), operate flights from Berlin's two airports.
Several sectors have already negotiated solid wage rises this year, including civil servants and steelworkers.
Economists are watching the pay deals closely, with domestic demand seen driving growth in Europe's largest economy at a time of record-high employment, increased job security, and rock-bottom borrowing costs.
As part of a complex set of demands, Verdi had sought an increase in pay for ground staff to 12 euros (10.14 pounds) an hour from about 11 euros as part of a one-year collective agreement. Management first offered about 10 cents more an hour over four years and then improved that offer to an 8 percent increase over three years.
The ground staff are responsible for check-in, loading and unloading planes and directing aircraft on the tarmac at Berlin's airports.
The employers, which include WISAG, Aeroground, Ground Solution, AHS and Swissport Berlin, said they had made tough concessions.
"We went to the limit of what is economically affordable and a bit further still," a spokesman for the employers said.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Klaus Lauer; Editing by Georgina Prodhan and Richard Lough)
MIAMI (WSVN) - It was a near catastrophe, Monday, after an SUV drove nearly drove over the edge of the Airport Expressway.
The driver of the SUV spun out on the ramp and nearly went over the edge while driving on the eastbound SR 112 to southbound Interstate 95.
The SUV managed to break the guardrail and came to a rest facing backwards, with two wheels up on the wall.
The driver was not hurt, but crews temporarily closed the overpass.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An independent review into the way cases of sexual violence are dealt with by the criminal justice system in Northern Ireland has begun.
Sir John Gillen, a retired judge, is leading the review which comes after widespread calls for reform of the North's criminal justice system following the rape trial of rugby players Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding.
The two were last month acquitted of raping the same woman in June 2016 with Jackson also cleared of sexual assault. Two of their friends, who faced related charges, were also found not guilty.
Sir John will be assisted by an advisory panel, which will include victims representatives, academics and lawyers. He has been asked to report to the Criminal Justice Board – which includes the Lord Chief Justice, the PSNI's chief constable and the director of public prosecutions – by January 2019.
Recent cases
Stormont's justice department said the review would consider the law and procedure covering the development and progression of cases of alleged serious sexual offences, taking account of experience from recent cases in the North and developments in neighbouring jurisdictions.
Among the issues to be examined are supports for victims and witnesses; measures to ensure the anonymity of the complainant; the arguments for defendant anonymity; the impact of social media on trials; reporting restrictions; the disclosure of unused material and public attendance at trials.
Serious consideration
Sir John has said some possible changes may require legislation and others “may be introduced fairly quickly into the actual process itself”.
He will be giving serious consideration to the law in the Republic which provides anonymity to not only complainants in rape cases but also defendants.
“The system that operates in the Republic of Ireland would be closely considered by myself and the advisory panel who will be acting with me,” he told the BBC. “Serious consideration will be given to that.”
Geraldine Hanna, chief executive of Victim Support NI, welcomed the fact the review will take into account suggestions from all relevant criminal justice agencies and that victims' organisations will be included. She said this will ensure that the voice of the victim is fully represented in this debate. “As we and our partner organisations, Women's Aid Federation NI, Nexus NI and Men's Advisory Project stated in our open letter to the press last week, the current system does not work well for victims, and now is the time for change.
A taste of the Orient comes to Dublin on February 16th, when the 10th annual Dublin Chinese New Year Festival marks the beginning of the Year of the Dog. The two-week celebration of all things Chinese runs until March 4th, with events across all branches of the arts, as well as a packed programme of food-related events.
Asia Market, the food store on Drury Street in Dublin 2, has events running throughout the festival. The first of these, on New Year's day, February 16th, recreates the Chinese tradition of families gathering to make dumplings on this date. From 11am to 6pm there will be opportunities to learn how to make and wrap them, as well as sample many varieties, free of charge.
The market also hosts a free two-day food and drinks tasting event on February 17th and 18th, 10am to 5pm.
On Fridays, February 16th and 23rd, lunchtime culture talks will take place in the shop, with staff explaining the food traditions associated with the holiday. Tickets for the hour-long sessions, which run from 1pm-2pm and include lunch snacks, cost €15.
Explore Dublin's Chinese influences and flavours on a Lazy Bike Tour
More extensive explorations of the market shelves, fridges and freezers take place on Thursdays, February 22nd and March 1st. You can sign up for a personalised tour of the shop, sample some Chinese tea and New Year snacks, as well as food and wine/sake tasting, between 6pm and 7pm. The €20 ticket price also includes a goodie bag.
You can take a Lazy Bike Tour of Chinese restaurants in Dublin city centre on Saturdays, February 17th and 24th (2pm-4pm), with the bike doing the work. Tickets for this exploration of regional influences and flavours costs €25.
On Saturday, March 3rd, you can sign up for Alice's Chinese Food Tour (noon-3.15pm) which will visit Duck restaurant on Fade Street and Good World on South Great George's Street. Hong Kong barbecue and street food will be sampled and there will be a chance to learn about the history and etiquette of a Cantonese dim sum lunch. This event also includes a tour of Asia Market and a goodie bag of food samples and costs €50.
Green Dragon Well restaurant in Killiney, Co Dublin, is marking Chinese New Year by opening a pop-up, Bite of China, at Kildare Village shopping outlet centre
Many Chinese restaurants across Dublin are offering special set menus throughout the festival, but Green Dragon Well in Killiney, Co Dublin, is taking things a step further and setting up a pop-up in Kildare Village outlet centre. Bite of China will open on Wednesday, February 7th, and will remain in situ for two months, open seven days a week.
The National Gallery hosts a Chinese tea ceremony on Thursday, February 22nd, from 6pm to 7.30pm (tickets, €5). The ritual and traditions of tea drinking will be explored and the event is being described as a “sensory exploration”.
Food won't be consumed but will be the central theme of a talk entitled From the Paddy Field to the Palate: Chinese Culinary Tradition Introduced, which takes place at the Synge Theatre in Trinity College on Thursday, February 22nd at 6.30pm.
The festival also includes film, music, dance, art and craft and comedy events. For the full programme and booking information, see dublinchinesenewyear.com.
JEFFERSON CITY - Work Zone Awareness Week kicked off Monday and MoDOT is using it as an opportunity to promote safe driving in work zones.
Last year, eight people were killed in work zones in Missouri, according to Missouri Associated General Contractors President Len Toenjes.
"That doesn't sound like a lot," Toenjes said. "But those are eight families."
Toenjes also said that between 2003 and 2010, 962 workers were killed in work zones, and 46 percent of those were hit by vehicles.
This year, MoDOT is emphasizing that work zones are "no phone zones."
MoDOT Director Patrick McKenna said cell phones are the number one cause of work zone accidents.
"Slow down, put the phone down, move over and make room for workers," McKenna said.
This also affects law enforcement. Missouri State Highway Patrol Colonel Sandy Karsten said in the last two months, two troopers were hit by vehicles while working.
"Had a driver moved over, those accidents would not have occurred," Karsten said.
Karsten said it is important for drivers to pay attention to work zone signs and to slow down when entering work zones.
MoDOT worker Jeff Caffey had an experience with driver safety in work zones.
Caffey was working in a striping train when a drunk driver hit his MoDOT vehicle.
"Luckily nobody was hurt," Caffey said. "The drunk driver tried to drive away but his truck was so damaged that he couldn't move."
Caffey said it is important that drivers put their phones away while driving, especially around work zones.
"It doesn't matter if you're in an urban, metropolitan area or if you're in a rural, country setting," Caffey said. "People talking on their phones or texting is a major, major issue."
After a combined 130 years of dedicated service, much-deserved retirements approach.
1 2 3 Bob Kennerly, SKA Co-Founder, Engineer Brad Ehrhardt, SKA President, Engineer Carole Vaughan, SKA Controller
Contact
Media Contact: Gary S. Corns
Director of Marketing & New Business Development
***@skaeng.com
Photos:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633638/1
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633638/2
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633638/3 Media Contact: Gary S. CornsDirector of Marketing & New Business Development
End
-- SKA Consulting Engineers, Inc. has announced the retirement of three dedicated, long-time employees – Bob Kennerly, Co-Founder and Structural Engineer, effective summer of 2017; Brad Ehrhardt, President and Structural Engineer, effective June 30, 2017; and Carole Vaughan, Controller, effective May 1, 2017."We are extremely grateful to the many contributions that Bob, Brad and Carole have made during their extensive careers with SKA," said Stephen Robinson, PE, President, SKA Consulting Engineers, Inc. "In 1957, Bob helped to set the foundation of this company and has remained loyal to its success and growth for 60 years while developing a personal reputation as one of the best engineers in the industry. Brad has played an integral role as our President from 1998 to 2016, always striving to positon the company for ensured growth, while also continuing exceptional work as a Structural Engineer. Carole has remained loyal to our company's history and goals with her exceptional work as Controller. They have each provided a tremendous amount of knowledge as we have maneuvered a variety of challenges in our 60-year history; we wish all of them nothing but the best as they move forward with their well-deserved retirements."While personal hobbies are much anticipated, Bob, Brad and Carole are all mostly looking forward to simply spending more time with their families and grandchildren.The positon of controller will be assumed by LeAnn Rasmusson. Mrs. Rasmusson currently serves as the assistant controller, a position she has held since joining the company in 2000.SKA Consulting Engineers, Inc. is a national, award-winning, multidisciplinary engineering firm established in 1957 and headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina. SKA provides MEP and structural engineering services, as well as comprehensive building solutions, for clients throughout the United States and Mexico. With branch offices strategically located across the southeast, SKA successfully serves clients across a broad range of market sectors, including: education, sports and recreation, commercial, healthcare, industrial, structured parking, healthcare, multifamily housing and places of worship. To learn more about SKA, please visit http://skaeng.com
The opposition wants to raze your house to the ground. No, bear with me. Analogy. They say they'll pull it down, and build a new one with, I don't know, walls of gold, and hot and cold running unicorns. ‘You can't trust them,' says the government, ‘because they want to knock your house down!' And normally, normally, this would be quite an effective message. Only this time it is delivered from inside the cab of a JCB by a government that also wants to knock down your house, and has already demolished your garden wall.
‘Honk honk!' they're going, on that pull-down-horn thing, with eyes gleaming like those of actual maniacs. ‘Those guys are crazy!' they're saying, with foam frothing from their own lips. ‘They'll make you poorer!' they'll say, as the caterpillar tracks crunch over your bird table and garden gnome. And all the while, they genuinely do not understand why their message of stability is not getting across.
They don't get it. A week after an election which saw the Conservative majority recede like an alarmed turtle's head, they are not even close to getting it. They think, I think, that it was all to do with Jeremy Corbyn being unexpectedly charming, or Theresa May being unexpectedly like a malfunctioning android, or Nick Timothy accidentally greenlighting a manifesto with an actual policy in it. Whereas, truthfully, the Tories' real problem was that they went into this election entirely bereft of their usual Unique Selling Point. The Conservatives were not conservative. They were not a safe pair of hands. That normal vibe the Tories exude of ‘you don't need to love us, but at least we can hold stuff together' was missing the entire last part. They were not, in a nutshell, a safe and lazy vote for the risk-averse. Nobody was. And thus, in an election with only mad, risky shit on offer, there was simply no particular reason for the electorate to choose the particular mad, risky shit that was wearing a blue rosette.
To grasp this, you do not need to believe that Brexit will inevitably be a disaster. Even I don't believe that Brexit will inevitably be a disaster. (Only probably.) You simply need to accept that there's a risk it might be. That we are in uncharted territory, that the kaleidoscope has been shaken, the pieces are in flux, and before they settle we must reorder this world around us. For me, personally, this is why I was against it. Like independence for Scotland, it seemed to me to be a major, apocalyptic act of political irresponsibility. Worse than that, an act of political callousness — a risky gamble made by people who can afford to lose, but with the costs to be borne by people who cannot. Only it happened anyway, and that's it. We're gambling now. And since the wheel is already spinning, there's no particular reason to think you'll be safer on blue than on red.
The Tory division on Europe is not just a division about Europe. It is also a division between ideologues and technocrats, flair and prudence, headbangers and bean-counters. During the referendum, it was startling to see Conservatives whom I had always regarded as solid to the point of tedium — people who had always claimed that their economic beliefs were to do with prudent economic stability, and their foreign policy beliefs were to do with prudent diplomatic stability — suddenly hurl all of that out of the window and run helter-skelter towards Brexit. It was like they'd been pretending all along; like rebellious senators with swords under their togas, hiding out as a secret fraternity among Conservatives who called themselves conservative and meant it. Then they won, and the party became their party, and Theresa May became their creature. Yet somehow they expect the electorate to regard them as every bit as prudent, cautious and safe as the people they've overthrown. Even though, if they were, they wouldn't have overthrown them in the first place.
Pre-referendum, David Cameron would have been able to defeat Jeremy Corbyn with little more than a raised eyebrow of disdain. ‘Don't rock the boat!' he'd have said, which wasn't an option for Theresa May, because she's about to scuttle it, anyway. Were Labour's flagship policies of free university education, more NHS funding, more infrastructure spending and a higher minimum wage reliably costed? Nope. But then neither is leaving the EU, because we don't know what terms we'll be leaving on. Everything is levelled. We are at the Ground Zero of political credibility. The election was a choice between Blue Sky Fantasy Politics 1.0 and Blue Sky Fantasy Politics 2.0. And given a choice between someone offering you £50 and someone offers £100, when you don't believe either of them, why not take the latter?
It may be years before the Tories grasp just how cheaply their intrinsic advantageous edge — of economic deference, of that firm handshake with the bank manager — was squandered on the side of a bus. On any sane metric, a vote for Corbyn should have felt horrifyingly risky. He's eye-bleedingly cavalier about our economy, he's utterly uncommitted to our oldest, firmest diplomatic alliances, and he shows no sign of actually being up to the task of running anything so complex as a whelk stall. Remind you of anyone? No, I don't think they get it. But they will.
IMAGINE yourself looking around for the best Total Quality Management (TQM) program amid various proposals being offered left and right by consultants. The goal of finding the best consultant is on everyone's lips after your organization has fallen victim to an inexperienced scammer, who charged the lowest consulting fee of P50,000 per day but produced nothing. Talk of paying peanuts to a monkey.
Now, they're doing it all over again. The first one on the prospect's list is Consultant “A” – a mature, seasoned management consultant who has retired from the corporate world. The trouble is that – he charges P100,000 a day, one of the highest consulting fees around, though reasonably lower than those charged by foreign consultancies staffed by good-looking, young but raw local talents whose claim to “fame” are their MBAs from exclusive schools.
And so the CEO invites “A” to the boardroom where department managers sit ready to conduct a wolf-pack interrogation. After an overextended exchange of pleasantries, punctuated by obligatory laughter over some anecdotes, “A” is requested to deliver a presentation on how he could help the organization.
After the presentation, “A” coaxes the managers for questions. The CEO removes his eyeglasses and looks at “A” with a puncturing smile: “How do you sustain a program like that so that it will not be relegated into the dustbin? How would you propose to defeat the ningas-cogon (flash-fire, sudden death implementation) mentality of people?”
Consultant “A” smiles back: “There are many ways to do it. We'll only be limited by our own imagination. For one, as soon as we've pulled off with at least three pilot projects, focusing on low-hanging fruits, we'll give rewards and recognition to deserving teams every month. All monthly winners will compete in an annual competition where the grand team champion is sent to Japan for a weeklong training and pleasure activities.
“I'm confident that the cost savings that we can help discover are more than enough to pay for that. Also, we can vary the monthly theme to focus on safety, health, quality, productivity, environment, etc. By and large, you as the CEO should play an active leadership role in making this happen, beyond giving inspirational speeches.
“You must be ably supported by department managers who must play an active role in coaching their problem-solving teams to come up with their best performance. This must be complemented by requiring all workers to make problem-solving as part of their key performance indicators.”
The next question comes from a maverick, talkative manager who has been whispering side comments to the lady seated next to him. He asks, “Who are your clients on this program? Can you list down some names that we can verify?”
Consultant “A” says: “Of course, I'm ready to give you the names of my clients as soon as I've secured their permission. Please understand that I have a non-disclosure agreement with my clients. The same thing that I will do as soon as your company hires my services.”
As soon as all questions have been asked, Consultant “A” turns the table by asking the company about its current issues and challenges. “What's the total amount of 5 plus 5?” The boardroom suddenly falls silent.
No one dares to speak, including the CEO, who waits for his deputies to give it a try. Apparently, everyone suspects a trap. “A” scans the entire room for answers, and after close to 60 seconds of silence, he answers his question – “5 plus 5 is 10, right?” And he continues: “My five-year old grandson knows that. You are all department managers with an apparent average of 20 years of corporate work experience, why couldn't you answer such question?”
Then, he launches a mild set of tirades aimed at a well-behaved audience. “As I entered your office, I saw a good number of opportunities that you may want to uncover. For one, the job applicants are exposed to the elements, while filling-up some forms using a wooden bench as desk. Why don't you give them the decency and self-respect to do that in the anteroom of your office?
“Second, the security guard didn't know where I should go. And third, I saw tarpaulin banners all around the office promoting the ideals of 5S good housekeeping. It looks like you've been practicing 5S for some time now. But what are those piles of carton boxes doing at the back of the room? Why are you making this boardroom a warehouse?”
The CEO and the managers look at each other with a confident smile. “Those are Christmas decors!” says one department manager.
Consultant “A” retorts: “Those carton boxes don't have labels which are essential in practicing 5S. After the holidays, where do you intend to place them? Look, I'm not here to give you a hard sell and to put you down. I'm beating the grass to startle the snakes, with the intention of telling you that the solutions can be found in the place where the problem was first created.
“This is not rocket science. The key, therefore, is removing your blinders to problems. Truly, the greatest problem of all is to refuse to acknowledge that there's a problem. The enemy is within. You don't need a consultant to make this happen.”
Everyone turns quiet. The meeting closed with feigned smiles from all over. No one knows what hit them, except Consultant “A,” who believes in the tagline of ANA, Japan's 5-star airline: “Little things can go a long way.”
No one knew that “A” is known as an “insultant” in the industry, more than anything. Now, the snakes are back to the grassy land.
Rey Elbo is a business consultant specializing in human resources and total quality management as a fused interest. Send feedback to elbonomics@gmail.com or follow him on Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter for his random management thoughts on Elbonomics.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
After verbally attacking three Arabic men on a train, a man who's believed to be African was huddled to the floor and bloodied. A witness says he started it.
An incident registered on camera involving a group of men arguing while on a train in Melbourne, Australia, has gone viral — and not for the best of reasons.
According to Metro, three men were caught in an altercation with a man who ended up visibly bloodied.
Witnesses told local news that while the man who was attacked was huddled bleeding on the floor, he was the one who allegedly initiated the fight.
“He was bleeding from his lip because he suffered a lot of punches. And he deserved it too,” a witness told local news.
Racist insults spark vicious train brawl https://t.co/mPMaSKHG4S via @Yahoo7 — Provost Janick (@janick62) April 17, 2017
Apparently, the man told three men who are believed to be Arab to “[g]o back to where you came from” and “[a]ll immigrants are a problem to this country and you bring all the crime here.”
The man who allegedly initiated the altercation is believed to be African, yet still he had an issue with immigrants despite being one himself.
At some point during the altercation, the man told the Arab men that all “Arabic people were part of ISIS,” and that's what reportedly triggered the fight.
Once the train pulled into Tottenham station, passengers alerted staff, prompting transit guards to rush into the carriage. All men involved blamed one another for the violence but did not to press charges.
Regardless of who initiated the fight, the fact that immigrants are allegedly bashing others like them and using prejudiced, collectivist terms to refer to one another is despicable.
As alleged immigrants, these men share similar backgrounds and may have even gone through the same struggles to find themselves in Australia despite being from different regions — there is no need to fight.
As many as 253 (14 per cent) candidates in the fray in Gujarat assembly polls have declared criminal cases against them, with three candidates facing charges related to murder, 17 related to attempt to murder, and four related to rape, an ADR-Gujarat Election Watch report said on Monday.Non-profit Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) along with Gujarat Election Watch has prepared a report by analysing information furnished by 1,815 of the 1,828 candidates.In 2012 Gujarat elections, out of 1,283 candidates analysed, 222 (17 per cent) had declared criminal cases against themselves, the report said."As many as 154 (8 per cent) candidates have declared serious criminal cases, including ones related to murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, and crimes against women. In 2012 Gujarat assembly elections, 92 (7 per cent) candidates had declared serious criminal cases against themselves," it said.It said seven candidates have declared cases related to kidnapping.Among major parties, 46 (25 per cent) out of 181 candidates are from Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP), 56 (32 per cent) out of 176 candidates from Congress, 17 (12 per cent) out of 138 candidates from Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), 9 (16 per cent) out of 57 candidates from Nationalist Congress Party, 4 (14 per cent) out of 28 candidates from Aam Aadmi Party, and 65 (8 per cent) out of 791 independent candidates analysed have declared criminal cases against themselves in their affidavits.Out of the 1,815 candidates, 418 (23 per cent) are multi-millionaires and among the major parties 147 (81 per cent) out of 181 candidates are from BJP, 129(73 per cent) out of 176 candidates from Congress, 5 (4 per cent) out of 138 candidates from BSP, and 11(39 per cent) out of 28 candidates from AAP, the report said.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* FCMA
* Jacksonville Industry:
* Manufacturing Location:
* Jacksonville - Florida - US
Contact
Les Loggins Marketing
***@gmail.com Les Loggins Marketing
End
-- The First Coast Manufacturers Association (FCMA), Jacksonville, Florida, announced the winners of its 2017 "Excellence Awards" for manufacturers and their employees at a ceremony at the University of North Florida on September 29, with over 300 people in attendance.Manufacturers who were recognized include…In 1987, Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. introduced the world's first mass-marketed disposable soft contact lens under the ACUVUE® brand name. Today, ACUVUE® is the world's most widely prescribed lens, manufactured by VISTAKON®, a division of Johnson & Johnson VisionCare, Inc.Carlisle Interconnect Technologies manufactures electronic test equipment and accessories, such as oscilloscope probes, differential probes, test leads, kitting solutions and other RF interconnect products used in the Test & Measurement market.Vac-Con, based in Green Cove Springs, is the fastest growing combination sewer machine manufacturer in the United States. They pioneered the use of polyethylene water tanks to end water leakage and created a modular subframe so that components could be repaired or replaced easily.In addition to corporate awards, 80 awards were presented to employees representing 23 manufacturing companies. The awards recognized work-related achievements by individuals and employee teams.The First Coast Manufacturers Association is a non-profit trade association serving Northeast Florida. There are over 1,500 manufacturing companies on the First Coast, supplying over 30,000 jobs and generating nearly 15% of the total gross regional product. Additional media information on FCMA is available at www.fcmaweb.com.
THREE sitting Members of Parliament from Bulawayo have been disqualified from contesting in the Zanu-PF primary elections which will be held on Sunday.
Pumula representative in the National Assembly Cde Godfrey Malaba was disqualified at the weekend by the national commissariat, while Luveve MP Ntandoyenkosi Mlilo and Nkulumane MP Killian Sibanda were disqualified yesterday.
Announcing the developments yesterday, the party's Bulawayo provincial chairman, Professor Callistus Ndlovu, said the three MPs are among eight candidates that were disqualified.
“The vetting was done at two levels. The first one was at provincial level while the second one was at national level. The decision to disqualify some of the candidates was done at a higher level.
“They looked at the list we supplied and took into account our comments and on the basis of other information they have, which we don't have ourselves, involving security issues and others, they decided to drop some people and their decision is final,” said Prof Ndlovu.
He said in summary, the total number of aspiring House of Assembly candidates for the 12 constituencies in Bulawayo stands at 53 with a total of eight disqualified candidates.
“The candidates understand that the final decision is made at national level. The reasons were not given to us because they involve political security issues. I'm sure you realise that Zanu-PF had problems, some of which were related to the G40 cabal.
“That could be one of the reasons but the national commissariat didn't mention that. Incumbent MPs are actually more exposed than aspiring MPs because people know what they did wrong. It could be political or incompetence,” said Prof Ndlovu.
He said the list of candidates that was published in the latest edition of our sister paper, The Sunday News, had errors which have since been rectified.
“Pursuant to the approved and published list of our primary election candidates, all aspiring House of Assembly candidates who had been erroneously put under the Senatorial constituencies have now been put back into their intended constituencies.
“For Bulawayo Central and Bulawayo East, the number of contesting candidates has increased to five and 10 respectively,” said Prof Ndlovu. As a result of the amendments, Cde Joshua Malinga of Kumalo Senatorial constituency and Prof Ndlovu of Mzilikazi Senatorial constituency are uncontested.
Prof Ndlovu added that Cde Sibanda's disqualification leaves Cde David Ndlovu as the only candidate for the Nkulumane House of Assembly constituency.
“The omission of the entire list for the Luveve House of Assembly candidates has been rectified. Cde Mandla Ndlovu has also been included on the list of aspiring candidates for Magwegwe constituency.
“A total of seven aspiring candidates were approved for the women's quota. The only contest will be between two candidates in Bulawayo East and Bulawayo Central constituencies,” said Prof Ndlovu.
All candidates, he added, who applied to contest in the local authority elections have been approved except for Mangwani Kudiwa from Nketa-Emganwini, who has been disqualified.
The candidates have been given the green light to start campaigning for the primaries, with those contesting for the same constituency expected to campaign together. Chronicle
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A palm oil increasingly being used in cooking in UK homes has been recalled from shelves because it is potentially toxic.
Surya Foods is recalling Mother Africa Pure Red Palm Oil and Mother Africa Zomi Palm Oil after it emerged it contains a dye which is potentially carcinogenic.
Trading Standards revealed the oil contained the illegal dye Sudan IV, which is also potentially genotoxic - which means it can be destructive to human cells.
Generally, Sudan dyes are red dyes that are used in industrial applications and cannot be used in foods.
Palm oil makes up nearly 50 percent of edible oils consumed worldwide, and is used in soups and stews, particularly in Africa.
This is all we know so far:
What is the Government advice?
If you have bought any of the above products do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
(Image: Surya Foods)
What are the product details?
Mother Africa Pure Red Palm Oil
Pack size: 20 litre
Best before date: 1 April, 2020
Batch code: VT261017A
Mother Africa Zomi Palm Oil
Pack size: 1 litre
Best before date: 1 June, 2020
Batch code: VT 171117SZ
No other Surya Foods products are known to be affected​.
What does Trading Standards say about the risk?
(Image: DromoTetteh)
The illegal dye Sudan IV is potentially genotoxic and possibly carcinogenic.
What action has Surya Foods taken?
The company is recalling the above products.
Trading Standards said the company has been advised to display point of sale notices in all retail stores that are selling these products. These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.
Darrell Waterfill couldn't believe it.
Blue Grass Airport was full of people waving flags welcoming Waterfill and the 65 other veterans home from the Honor Flight to Washington, D.C. on Sept. 16.
“I bet you there was a thousand people there waiting for us,” Waterfill said. “It was a whole lot better than when I came back from Vietnam.”
When he returned to the United States in 1967, protestors spit at him through the airport gates, he said. But not this time.
“It was wonderful,” Waterfill said, “I can't say enough about it.”
He's also glad he got to take the seventh Honor Flight to the nation's capital. Waterfill and his son traveled with veterans from World War II, Korea and Vietnam to tour the war memorials in Washington D.C.
Representing 36 Kentucky counties, the veterans included 19 from World War II, 36 from Korea, and 12 from Vietnam, including Jack Mattingly of Harrodsburg.
Waterfill had nothing but good things to say about his host, Honor Flight Kentucky of Winchester, and the sponsors, Blue Grass Energy and Kentucky's Touchstone Energy Cooperatives.
“I couldn't ask for a better host,” Waterfill said. “They go out of their way to support the veterans.”
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
Ernie Abraham, Tennis Pro
End
-- Southern Oaks Golf Club is honored to announce the hire of Tennis Pro and FWPTA President Ernie Abraham to its leadership team. Southern Oaks, ranked a Top Five Public Golf Course in DFW by Avidgolfer last month, has previously announced expansion plans that include the construction of 10 tennis courts, a championship court and a tennis pro shop. Abraham comes to Southern Oaks after serving as Tennis Director and Head Pro at Walnut Creek Country Club in Mansfield the past two decades."Bringing a talent the caliber of Ernie Abraham on board in a leadership capacity is a strong statement about the growth and future of Southern Oaks," said John Geyerman, Vice President of Operations for AngMar Retail Group , Southern Oaks' parent company. "The golf course and club facilities have undergone a major transformation in the past two to three years, and the plans for the future are just as aggressive – and impressive!"Abraham is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma. He started playing tennis at the age of 11, and it's a sport that's shaped his career and his legacy. Abraham is president of the Fort Worth Professional Tennis Association (FWPTA) and an elite professional in the United States Professional Tennis Association (USPTA). In addition to directing the tennis program at Walnut Creek, Abraham oversees pros and has a history of growth and success leading both leagues and lessons."Tennis is a great lifestyle, but it's also about creating relationships,"Abraham said. "I'm excited to build a world-class program from the ground up at Southern Oaks!"Abraham envisions tournaments and events centered around tennis, as well as offering leagues, drills and lessons.Abraham officially begins his new role January 1, but is already a fixture at the club as he gets to know the team, facilities, members and guests.Follow Southern Oaks on Facebook , Twitter (https://twitter.com/SouthernOaksGlf)and Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/southernoaksgc/)to keep up with construction news and tennis timelines, or visit us for a round of golf and see why we're in the Top 5!
End
-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today thatwill speak at the Knowledge Group's webcast entitled:This event is scheduled fortohttps://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/establishing-effective-and-efficient-internal-investigationsBradley L. Henry is a partner of HB's Government Enforcement and White Collar Criminal Defense group and a managing member of the firm.Mr. Henry, who founded the firm's white collar practice, advises global financial institutions, multinational companies, boards, committees, directors, officers, executives and employees in criminal and regulatory investigations by the Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Department of the Treasury, FINRA and State Attorneys General. He has experience in matters involving securities and commodities regulation, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, economic sanctions compliance, anti-money laundering,Mr. Henry has served as lead counsel in a wide array of federal crimes including economic espionage, insider trading, cross-border investigations, RICO violations, computer fraud and abuse, and other high profile white collar crimes. Mr. Henry has successfully tried more than 15 federal criminal jury trials, and argued numerous appeals in the United States Circuit Courts around the country. Notably, more than 75% of clients Mr. Henry represents during investigation are never charged with crimes. Mr. Henry has served as lead counsel of record for a successful appeal before the Supreme Court of the United States.Mr. Henry is a Board Certified Criminal Trial Attorney recognized by the National Board of Trial Advocacy. The Wall Street Journal has cited Mr. Henry in multiple white collar investigations. Mr. Henry is also recognized by Martindale-Hubbell as AV rated by his peers for his legal skill and ethical standards, and by SuperLawyers in white collar crime in the New York Metro and Mid-South regions.HenryBaysan is recognized for their significant experience in all aspects of corporate criminal defense and enforcement-related litigation, including internal investigations, client representation in grand jury investigations, management of parallel criminal and civil proceedings, extraditions and counseling on foreign criminal investigations and advice on voluntary disclosure and compliance issues. They leverage the knowledge and abilities from experienced litigators to develop comprehensive strategies that address all of the legal and factual defenses, as well as the public, media and other collateral consequences, of a case.HB represents a wide variety of U.S. and international clients on regulatory, civil and criminal matters involving U.S. and European anti-money laundering (AML), FCPA and economic sanctions laws, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) and other federal and state regulators. In particular, our proposed team advises multinational companies from all industries, their boards and senior officers, foreign issuers and individuals in all aspects of criminal and complex commercial litigation.HB's global resources enable their attorneys to anticipate and respond to parallel investigations and proceedings routinely pursued by federal and state criminal and civil enforcement authorities. The firm defends companies and individuals against allegations in various business contexts and at every stage of the enforcement process, including federal and state grand jury investigations, trials and appeals. We handle investigations and civil and administrative proceedings brought by regulatory bodies such as the DOJ, SEC, CFTC, FINRA, FTC, OFAC, IRS, federal and state banking regulators and state law enforcement agencies throughout the United States. The firm also represents companies and individuals in connection with congressional investigations and inquiries.Internal investigations are important measures for companies to ensure the security, compliance, and ethical standards of their businesses. These measures are necessary to improve one's protection program against threats that arise internally, and to prevent these threats from posing worse problems in the future. Moreover, conducting an effective and efficient internal investigation also helps companies minimize the risk of investigations from outside counsel, thus, saving them from costly and tiresome investigation probes.The Knowledge Group has assembled a panel of key thought leaders to help the audience better understand the significance of having an effective and efficient internal investigation program. Speakers will bring the audience to a road beyond the basics of establishing and conducting these investigations - from problem identification to proper actions to be taken, among other things.This LIVE Webcast will discuss the following topics:- Components of Internal Investigation- Effective and Efficient Internal Investigation Program in 2018- The Internal Investigation Process- Key Risk Areas- Tips and StrategiesThe Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ all-events-list
Officials are saying this is some of the worst flooding that some Grayson County residents have seen in years.
The Sask. Party picks a leader on the right side of the spectrum
Province | by Gregory Beatty
Chinese scientists made headlines recently when they cloned two long-tailed macaques. The experiment was heralded as opening the door to possible human cloning. Unfortunately, that development came too late for Saskatchewan Party delegates who gathered in Saskatoon on Jan. 27 to select a leader to replace Brad Wall — their revered political Moses who led them to the promised land of three majority governments.
With cloning not an option, delegates were reduced to choosing between five candidates who, through their platforms and politicking, sought to style themselves as much as possible after Wall. That made for a tepid race, says Simon Enoch of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives' Saskatchewan branch.
“None of the candidates were willing to chart a new direction,” says Enoch. “There may have been baby steps for some trying to get out from under Brad Wall's shadow, but for the most part everyone was on board with the government's current agenda.”
Even so, come convention day there was still plenty of drama but in the end, Scott Moe emerged victorious, edging out Alana Koch with 53.7 per cent of the vote after Ken Cheveldayoff, Gord Wyant and Tina Beaudry-Mellor had been dropped from the ranked ballot.
But while the race was generally collegial, there was some acrimony that could signal deeper divisions in the party, says University of Saskatchewan political scientist Charles Smith.
“Moe had some setbacks with his personal history [namely, a 1992 impaired driving conviction when he was 18, and a 1997 traffic charge in a fatal highway accident], but he got the endorsement of 22 MLAs right out of the gate,” says Smith.
“Koch was clearly the choice of Wall's inner circle,” he says. “There was the mini-scandal around feeding her debate questions, and Wall's close relatives endorsed her. So there was some division in the party between where some of the caucus wanted to go and where the Wall people wanted to go.”
Wall was surely aware of that division when he spoke at the convention, where he delivered a highly partisan speech that took shots at the provincial NDP opposition, Rachel Notley's Alberta government, and federal policy ideas such as the LEAP Manifesto.
“He's been doing that for awhile, but it's interesting he chose to do it at the convention which I thought was a subtle way to say ‘Listen, the real enemy is out there. It's not in here,'” says Smith. “He was speaking to a room that was clearly divided. When the numbers came down it was a four-way split between Moe, Koch, Cheveldayoff and Wyant. So the party's by no means unified, and that will be an internal challenge.”
While Wall had the benefit of taking office during the early stages of an unprecedented commodity boom that enabled him to keep both liberal and conservative wings of the party happy through various spending and tax cutting initiatives, conditions are much tougher now.
Even with Wall at the helm, the Sask. Party was struggling to cope with a host of bad-news stories from the slumping economy to the GTH land scandal, massively over-budget east Regina bypass, the bankruptcy of a P3 partner in the North Battleford hospital build and questionable oversight of the Quill Lakes water diversion project.
Throw in the looming legalization of cannabis, a vow to use the Notwithstanding clause to permit preferential funding for faith-based education, a huge disconnect with Saskatchewan's Indigenous community and more, and the party has its hands full.
And Smith wonders how it will fare under Moe.
“There were likely a lot of people waking up on Sunday going ‘Scott who?'. In cabinet, he didn't have prominent portfolios. Taking on Ottawa over carbon pricing seemed to be his main policy plank.”
Future Direction
Plenty of questions surround the government's future direction, and how successful Moe will be at holding together the conservative/liberal and rural/urban coalition that paved the way for Wall's record-breaking majorities.
Certainly, during the leadership race, rural/conservative elements dominated. The two candidates who dared to speak from an urban/progressive perspective, Beaudry-Mellor and Wyant, were the first off the ballot. “The policies they were putting forward were more moderate and centrist, which maybe aren't the type of policies that fire up the Sask. Party base,” says Enoch.
The first clue on where the Moe government is headed will come when the new cabinet is appointed. Will MLAs such as Wyant, Beaudry-Mellor and others with an urban/liberal outlook be given key posts, or will the premier draw more on his rural/conservative backers?
Then comes the budget. While some candidates broached the idea of deviating from Wall's commitment to balance the books in time for the next election in 2020, Moe supported it. Enoch wonders, though, if that's possible.
“With many of the cuts they brought in, they've done an about-face. They're not getting as much PST revenue as they anticipated. We haven't seen a recovery in resource royalties, and they've blown through most of the contingency fund,” he says.
Moe also promised to remove the PST from crop, life and health insurance, and invest an additional $30 million in education (which won him support from the Saskatchewan Teachers Federation). To make up for the lost revenue and increased expenditures, Moe's proposed reducing the executive council and crown corporation workforce by five per cent.
“I'm expecting another austerity budget,” says Enoch. “The question is whether Scott Moe is going to be able to sell it to the people of Saskatchewan. Brad Wall, one of the savviest politicians ever to rule this province, had a hard time selling the last budget. I think the new premier is going to have an even tougher challenge selling more austerity.”
If the Sask. Party sticks to an austerity agenda, says Smith, urban areas will be hit especially hard.
“The urban economy is more diverse, obviously, but it also relies on the Crowns, universities, [hospitals] and other types of public infrastructure in a way that rural Saskatchewan doesn't. So urban Saskatchewan will be hit quicker and more severely.”
While commodity prices have shown some signs of life lately, Saskatchewan's economy remains in the doldrums, with rising unemployment, growing debt and minimal GDP growth.
Meanwhile, Alberta, under the Rachel Notley NDP, is steaming along after adopting a stimulus strategy. Eventually, that comparison could hurt the Sask. Party, says Enoch.
“The longer they continue with an austerity agenda, and it actually does the opposite of what they say it's supposed to do, so that we continue to rack up deficits and have poor economic performance and high unemployment, the more people are going to ask ‘Why are you pursuing this?'”
Sidebar
Moe Politics
Meili or Wotherspoon: who will be the NDP's anti‑Scott?
On March 3, NDP members will gather in Regina to select a new leader. And Simon Enoch wonders if the outcome of the Sask. Party race won't have an impact.
“I do wonder what the election of Moe does for the race, and who the NDP might see as being better positioned to defeat him. Is it Trent Wotherspoon with his more centrist, cautious approach, or is it Ryan Meili with perhaps a more progressive approach?”
A lot, of course, depends on the Moe government's performance over the next month. Should it revert to a pre-Wall stance that prioritizes rural and conservative interests, it could create a perception among NDP delegates that some centrist voters are up for grabs.
While Moe was likely the closest thing to being Elwin Hermanson 2.0 in the Sask. Party leadership race, there would've been thoughts along those lines even if Koch or Cheveldayoff had won, says Smith.
“I think there's a swath of voters now who will be looking at both parties and wondering what's going to happen. If the Sask. Party continues with austerity to try to cut its way to growth, then the pushback is going to get louder, and that will create an opening for the NDP regardless of who the leader is.”
—Gregory Beatty
Judge Jean Dandona rules prosecutors did not prove charges against Francisco “Alex” Rodriguez and Jonathon Alvarez Leon
A Santa Barbara Superior Court judge threw out the charges against two men accused of vehicular manslaughter on Wednesday after determining that prosecutors had not proved the case against them.
The District Attorney's Office alleged that Francisco “Alex” Rodriguez and Jonathon Alvarez Leon of Santa Barbara were criminally liable for the death of their friend, Raul Ibarra, accusing the trio of racing at the time of the March 2 accident on the 2300 block of Foothill Road.
Ibarra collided with a sports utility vehicle while riding a motorcycle with his two friends, and died of his injuries.
Deputy District Attorney Sanford Horowitz rested his case Wednesday, after which Judge Jean Dandona granted a defense attorney's motion to dismiss all the charges, deciding there wasn't enough evidence to continued to the defense phase of the trial.
The decision came after weeks of testimony in the trial, which began June 19.
“We respect the judge's decision,” District Attorney Joyce Dudley said Wednesday night. “Still, we would have preferred the jury had an opportunity to consider all the evidence and deliberate.
“We at the District Attorney's Office continue to be gravely concerned about drivers who speed and those who leave the scene of a crime.”
Judge George Eskin, who presided over the preliminary hearing for this case, was skeptical about placing blame on the defendants, but found enough evidence to at least move to trial.
The office of defense attorney Ron Bamieh, representing Rodriguez, released a statement after court Wednesday saying the decision provided the justice the defendants deserve.
All three families shed tears of joy in court, the statement said.
“The District Attorney's Office went ahead and prosecuted Mr. Rodriguez against the wishes of the victim's family; this case has been heart-wrenching from the start,” Bamieh said.
“Alex was incarcerated at the time of Raul's funeral, and unable to mourn his death with family and friends. This prosecution has torn the lives of three families apart for four months.”
Deputy Public Defender Christine Voss represented Alvarez Leon, and both attorneys repeatedly argued that the men were driving fast, but not racing, which in no way makes them criminally liable for Ibarra's death.
Bamieh has accused the prosecution team of being overzealous and racist in its decision to pursue this case, and has previously submitted motions to dismiss, which were denied.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Richard Swift, a cult US singer-songwriter and producer who has been a member of bands such as The Shins and The Black Keys, has died at the age of 41.
"It is with great sadness we inform you that Richard passed early this morning while in hospice, his family near, his favorite records playing," a friend of Swift's wrote on a GoFundMe account that had been set up in his name. The account was established in June after Swift had been hospitalized in Tacoma, Washington, for a serious medical condition.
Swift was a valued studio producer and musician, working with many rock bands while also releasing his own albums and EPs. The Black Keys' Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney called him "one of the most talented musicians we have ever worked with."
A member of the indie rock band The Shins from 2011 to 2016, Swift toured with the Black Keys in 2014 as a bassist. Other credits include the Pretenders' 2016 album Alone as well as albums by Nathaniel Rateliff and the Night Sweats and Ray LaMontagne.
ct/cmb (dpa, ap)
By Vaughan Elder
The Dunedin City Council has activated its emergency operations centre (EOC) as it races to flush potentially contaminated water from the city's drinking water supply.
The council this morning issued a boil water notice, warning residents in a large swathe of the city to avoid drinking water from the tap, or boil it, because of a water quality issue.
The affected area stretched across much of the north of the city, including the CBD, North Dunedin, Leith Valley, Woodhaugh and any area in the central city between the town belt and the harbour.
Advertisement
Water tankers are at the Octagon at 12pm & George Street Normal School at 2pm. Bring your own containers, Do not rinse them using tap water. — Dunedin City Council (@DnCityCouncil) August 15, 2017
Dunedin Hospital has also activated its own EOC, and was relying on water tankers arranged by the council to supply fresh drinking water, council infrastructure and networks general manager Ruth Stokes said.
Eight other water tankers have been dispatched to other parts of the city, including to George St Normal School and Logan Park High School, both in the affected area, she said.
The boil water notice was expected to remain until tomorrow afternoon, but has already resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water.
A hospitality worker gets water from a tanker in the Octagon. Photo / Chris Morris, Otago Daily Times A hospitality worker gets water from a tanker in the Octagon. Photo / Chris Morris, Otago Daily Times
Council infrastructure and networks general manager Ruth Stokes told the Otago Daily Times it appeared untreated raw water released from the Ross Creek Reservoir on Sunday had been able to enter the city's drinking water network.
Workers had begun water from the reservoir into the Lindsay Creek on Sunday, in preparation for work set to begin in the area, she said.
Complaints were received Monday night and this morning, prompting an investigation which found an old pipe - no longer recorded on council plans - just below the reservoir.
The Dunedin City Council's boil water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water. Photo / Louise Frampton, Otago Daily Times The Dunedin City Council's boil water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water. Photo / Louise Frampton, Otago Daily Times
The pipe connected to the city's drinking supply, allowing raw water back into the network, she said.
The raw water came from a "protected catchment", and would have been diluted as it mixed with the city's treated drinking water supply, but the health risks were not yet known, she said.
"It some parts it would have been reasonably diluted, but you're basically drinking water that's the equivalent of drinking it straight out of a stream or lake.
By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water. Photo / David Loughrey, Otago Daily Times By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water. Photo / David Loughrey, Otago Daily Times
"But at the moment I can't tell you with any certainty what risks are associated with that water."
The council's boil water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water.
By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water.
A map of areas part of the Dunedin City Council's boil water notice. Graphic / Dunedin Council A map of areas part of the Dunedin City Council's boil water notice. Graphic / Dunedin Council
The University of Otago has sent text messages to students warning them to not drink water from the tap.
At least one central Dunedin cafe has stopped serving coffee and any other items containing tap water.
Tryout for Aspiring Tennis Players, Ages 6-16 SPORTIME/JMTA Coaches will Award Full and Partial Scholarships to Selected Tryout Participants for the 2017-18 Season at SPORTIME Syosset.
Syosset Tennis
Media Contact
Jerry Milani
9735660870
jerry.milani@ comcast.net Jerry Milani9735660870
End
-- For the seventh consecutive year, young hopefuls from across the tri-state area will be out in force at SPORTIME Syosset, the John McEnroe Tennis Academy's (JMTA) Long Island location, on Saturday June 17, as SPORTIME and JMTA coaches seek to discover untapped tennis talent.The goal of the Tryout is to award full or partial scholarships to SPORTIME and JMTA programs at SPORTIME Syosset, starting in fall 2017. Open only to players with tennis experience, ages 6-16, the Tryout will take place on Saturday, June 17 from 9:00 AM – 12:00 PM, with check-in at 9:00 AM. Participants will be evaluated by a Selection Committee, consisting of SPORTIME/JMTA directors, coaches and leaders, including Lawrence Kleger, JMTA Co-Director, and Patrick McEnroe, who recently joined JMTA as Lawrence's Co-Director. The Tryout will include tennis and point/match play."The tryout has become a 'can't-miss' event for aspiring young tennis players and athletes at various skill levels," said JMTA Co-Director Lawrence Kleger. "It's part of our mission to make tennis available to any talented player, regardless of financial means. We're looking forward to a great day and an opportunity to meet new talented athletes."Scholarship winners will be notified at a later date.SPORTIME Syosset is located at 75 Haskett Drive on Jericho Turnpike in Syosset. For more information, parents of interested players/athletes can email scholarshipli@sportimeny.com or visit www.SportimeNY.com/STM.Proper athletic attire, including footwear, is required. Participants will have access to locker room and shower facilities. Water will be available on court. SPORTIME Syosset features a full-service pro shop, as well as professional stringing services. Registrants can visit http://www.sportimeny.com/ scholarship- jmtali online registration.About SPORTIMESPORTIME is proud to operate the finest tennis facilities in New York State, with over 150 indoor and outdoor courts at 13 clubs across Long Island, in NYC, in Westchester and in the NY Capital Region. SPORTIME's clubs are state-of-the-art, yet affordable, and feature the best tennis facilities and programs, along with great gyms, camps and sports and fitness offerings. SPORTIME is proud to be the home of the John McEnroe Tennis Academy at Randall's Island since 2010, with JMTA locations at Syosset/Bethpage, Long Island, and Lake Isle, Eastchester, since 2012, and at Amagansett, Long Island, since 2015.About The John McEnroe Tennis AcademyIn September 2010, tennis legend John McEnroe and SPORTIME partnered to launch the John McEnroe Tennis Academy in John's hometown of New York City, at the SPORTIME's flagship Randall's Island Tennis Center in Manhattan. JMTA subsequently expanded its geographic reach to SPORTIME locations in Westchester and on Long Island: SPORTIME Lake Isle, an 8-court, state-of-the art, year-round facility in Eastchester, New York in lower Westchester;and SPORTIME Syosset in central Long Island, an 11-court indoor facility, that has long served as SPORTIME's high performance training center on Long Island, and, most recently, SPORTIME Amagansett, a 33-court outdoor country club. John's passion and belief is that great players can be developed in urban settings, while still having the opportunity to live at home, pursue their educational goals, and participate in a variety of sports and extracurricular activities. The Academy works to recruit the most talented and the most highly motivated young athletes in the New York Metropolitan area and beyond. Inspired by the vision and daily presence of Johnny Mac and under the guidance of JMTA Managing Director, Bennett Schlansky, JMTA Co-Directors, Lawrence Kleger and Patrick McEnroe, JMTA Performance Director, Richard-John Mensing, Jr., and JMTA Director of Mental Performance and Toughness, Dr. Dom Lausic, and with a world-class staff of tennis, athletic training and performance directors and coaches, JMTA delivers a complete training program designed to assure the best possible outcome for serious players; whether for junior tournament players, future and current collegiate stars, or for those seeking to play on, or currently playing on the ATP, WTA and ITF tours.# # #JMTA Scholarship TryoutWhat: Opportunity for young area tennis players to earn scholarships to SPORTIME and the John McEnroe Tennis Academy, Syosset, NYWhen: Saturday, June 17, 2017 – 9:00am-12:00pmWhere: SPORTIME, 75 Haskett Drive, Syosset, NY 11791Who: Players ages 6-16 with tennis experienceInfo: http://www.sportimeny.com/scholarship-jmtali
Carrickfergus District No. 19 is hosting its annual commemoration of the Battle of the Somme this evening.
Orange brethren and sisters are expected to be accompanied by six bands for the parade which is due to start at 7.30pm and end at 9.30pm.
Carrick War Memorial
The parade, which includes wreath laying at the War Memorial, will follow a route along Albert Road, Lancastarian Street, North Street, High Street, Joymount, Scotch Quarter, Taylor's Avenue, Marine Highway, Belfast Road, Davy's Street, Irish Quarter West and back to Albert Road Orange hall.
Police are advising there will be some road closure and diversions in place during the event.
Carrick PSNI stated: “Please follow the directions of our officers and expect some delays in the area. We appreciate your assistance as always.”
The final major demonstrations of the loyal order marching season will take place in six main venues on August 26, with members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The Institution has 17,000 members in around 350 preceptories, and will demonstrate in Comber, Antrim, Castledawson, Lisburn, Omagh and Aughnacloy for the traditional ‘Last Saturday' event.
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr, who will be taking part in the Castledawson procession said the institution was once again looking forward to the much-anticipated day in the parading calendar.
He said: “The ‘Last Saturday' traditionally brings the curtain down on the loyal order parading season and we are expecting yet another magnificent finale.
“The various demonstrations will offer a wonderful spectacle of culture and pageantry, attended and enjoyed by large crowds at six different venues across the Province.”
COMBER
The largest parade of the day will be in Comber where 5,000 members of the loyal order will be on parade. A total of 107 preceptories and approximately 100 bands will take part in the procession.
The districts represented will be Lower Iveagh, Lecale, Castlewellan, Newry, Banbridge, Rathfriland, Mourne, Largymore, Ballynahinch, Newtownards, Saintfield, Bangor and Comber.
Among the many preceptories stepping out will be the largest in the Institution, Elijah's Chosen Few RBP 208 from Mourne District, with more than 250 members.
A large crowd is expected to turn out to watch the parade, which was last held in the Co Down town in 2004.
The main procession moves off at noon from Parkway via Killinchy Street, The Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Glen Link and Belfast Road.
The religious service will begin at 3pm and will be chaired by Brian Hunter, Co Down Grand Master. Rev Stanley Gamble will conduct the service of worship.
Assistant Sovereign Grand Master, William Baillie, will be the guest speaker.
ANTRIM
Up to 80 preceptories will take part in the demonstration in Antrim.
The main parade will assemble at Fountain Hill at 12.30pm and proceed through the town via Fountain Street, Church Street, High Street, Bridge Street and Dublin Road to the field on the Randalstown Road.
The participating Co Antrim preceptories will come from six districts representing Antrim, Lisburn, Ballymena, Larne, Ballymoney and Ballyclare.
It is expected there will be 75 bands and 2,500 members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The platform proceedings will begin at 3pm under the chairman, Charles Hamilton, Antrim District Master. Co Antrim Grand Chaplain, Robert Campbell, will conduct the service of worship.
The guest speaker will be Rev William Anderson, imperial deputy grand master and imperial deputy grand chaplain.
A Last Saturday parade was last held in Antrim town in 2011.
CASTLEDAWSON
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr will be the special guest at the Co Londonderry demonstration in Castledawson.
The village is hosting a Last Saturday parade for the first time.
The demonstration will include 35 preceptories representing districts in South Londonderry, City of Londonderry, Coleraine and Raphoe, Co Donegal.
Thirty bands will accompany the parade, which begins at midday from Hillhead Road proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road.
The platform proceedings are at 2pm and the preacher will be Rev John Noble, imperial deputy grand chaplain.
The principal speaker will be the sovereign grand master.
LISBURN
The City of Belfast Grand Black Chapter demonstration will be held this year in Lisburn.
It is tradition for members of the institution in Belfast to parade in various provincial towns and cities.
A total of 54 preceptories, representing seven districts, will step out in Lagan Valley, accompanied by 33 bands.
The main parade will move off at noon from Wallace Park and the procession route will be Seymour Street, Castle Street, Market Street North, Market Street South, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Bow Street, Antrim Street, Antrim Road and North Circular Road, returning to Wallace Park for a religious service.
The principal speaker will be City Grand Master, William Elliott, with the service of worship conducted by Alan McIntosh, city grand chaplain.
City Grand Registrar, Christopher Cunningham, will chair the proceedings.
OMAGH
Twenty-four preceptories will be on parade in Tyrone's county town on the Last Saturday.
Sir Knights from Omagh, and neighbouring Castlederg and Strabane districts, will be accompanied by as many bands for the annual procession.
The event will be a special occasion for Omagh District and Omagh Olive Branch RBP 185, who both celebrate their 150th anniversaries.
The main parade will commence at 1pm and move via Crevenagh Road, Irishtown Road, Dublin Road, Market Street, High Street, John Street, James Street, Church Street, George's Street, High Street, Bridge Street, Drumragh Avenue, Market Street and Campsie Road before returning to the Crevenagh Road for a religious service.
The platform proceedings will begin at 2.30pm and the chairman will be Stanley McFarland.
The service of worship will be conducted by Co Tyrone Grand Chaplain, Rev Alan Irwin, and the preacher will be Rev Nigel Reid, an imperial grand chaplain.
The guest speaker will be Ivan Kelly, past assistant sovereign grand master.
AUGHNACLOY
Up to 80 preceptories and a similar number of bands will take part in the demonstration in Aughnacloy.
The large parade in the south Tyrone village, hosting a Last Saturday procession for the first time since 2006, will commence at 11.45am.
The districts represented are from the Republic of Ireland, Fermanagh, Primatial, Summerisland, Killyman, Aughnacloy and East Tyrone.
Senior Sir Knights in attendance will include Imperial Grand Registrar, Billy Scott, and Imperial Grand Treasurer, David Livingstone.
The main parade will commence from the assembly field on the Tullyvar Road and proceed via Moore Street to the demonstration field on the Caledon Road.
The religious service, starting at 2.15pm, will be chaired by Aughnacloy District Master, Harold Erskine.
Co Tyrone Grand Master Richard Emerson will be the principal speaker. The preacher will be Robin Fairburn, chaplain of Saintfield District.
The presenter is married to musician Jesse Wood.
Fearne Cotton has been celebrating her wedding anniversary and her father's 65th birthday on what she called “a day of love”.
The radio and TV presenter, 36, marked her family milestones by sharing pictures of her father Michael, and of herself with husband Jesse Wood, 41, on their wedding day four years ago.
The former Top of the Pops host first posted a photo of her signwriter dad holding a beer while enjoying himself at what appeared to be a music festival.
Alongside the picture Cotton wrote: “Happy Birthday to this legend!
“Mickey Cotton who never seems to age! 65 today! We love you so much dad!”
In subsequent posts on her Instagram profile, Cotton shared black-and-white photographs of her and Wood tying the knot in 2014.
In the first image the couple are sharing a kiss as Wood holds their son, Rex Rayne, who was born in February 2013.
Next to it Cotton wrote: “Also four years married to this wonderful man, Jesse James Wood. A day of love all round.”
In a second picture the pair are seen signing the register at the ceremony.
Cotton is wearing a white hairband and dress with a sparkly neckline, while Wood is attired in a grey suit with a flower in his jacket buttonhole.
Still my favourite dress ever 4.7.14 A post shared by Fearne (@fearnecotton) on Jul 4, 2018 at 4:26am PDT
Cotton, who has her own babies' and children's clothing line, wrote: “Still my favourite dress ever, 4.7.14.”
Wood is the son of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood and his first wife, late former model Krissy Findlay. He currently plays with rock band Reef.
In February 2015 Cotton revealed she was expecting her second child as part of her announcement that she was leaving BBC Radio 1.
Wood and Cotton welcomed their second child, daughter Honey Krissy, in September 2015.
© Press Association 2018
There are no active watches, warnings or advisories
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures, projected winds, projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Looking Ahead
Breezy trades will hold through midweek, then begin to weaken and shift out of the south by late Thursday as a front approaches from the northwest. Clouds and showers will continue to focus mainly over windward and mauka areas through midweek. The front is forecast to push down the island chain Friday and Friday night, then potentially stall and bring another round of wet weather through the weekend over portions of the state.
West Side
Today: Isolated showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 84. Windy, with an east northeast wind 18 to 25 mph, with gusts as high as 36 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tonight: Mostly clear, with a low around 70. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 16 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph.
Wednesday: Sunny, with a high near 85. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 14 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 24 mph.
South Side
Today: Isolated showers after noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 84. Calm wind becoming west southwest around 6 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Mostly clear, with a low around 69. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph.
Wednesday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 85. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 11 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
North Shore
Today: Scattered showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 83. Windy, with an east wind 22 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 34 mph. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly after midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 69. Breezy, with a northeast wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Wednesday: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 84. Breezy, with a northeast wind 17 to 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Central Maui
Today: Scattered showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 83. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 17 to 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly after midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 68. Breezy, with a northeast wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Wednesday: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 84. Windy, with a north northeast wind 15 to 23 mph, with gusts as high as 32 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Upcountry
Today: Scattered showers after noon. Increasing clouds, with a high near 70. Calm wind becoming west around 5 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Mostly clear, with a low around 58. East northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph.
Wednesday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 71. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 10 to 18 mph becoming south in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 25 mph.
East Maui
Today: Showers likely, mainly before noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 81. East northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph. Chance of precipitation is 70%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 66. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Wednesday: Scattered showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 82. Breezy, with an east wind 14 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Lanai City
Today: Isolated showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 74. Windy, with a northeast wind 21 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 34 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 65. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 17 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Wednesday: Isolated showers before noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 76. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 14 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Kaunakakai
Today: Isolated showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 81. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 14 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Mostly clear, with a low around 72. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 16 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Wednesday: Sunny, with a high near 81. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 16 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
Cole White of Berkeley, who was photographed in Charlottesville over the weekend, lost his job at a hot dog restaurant after Twitter users identified him.
Following the deadly weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, which began with scores of white supremacists descending upon the streets chanting slogans of white nationalism to protest the removal of a statue depicting Confederate General Robert E. Lee and ended with the death of a 32-year-old anti-racism protester, people on the internet have begun to identify those who attended the neo-Nazi rally.
The smug faces of “Unite the Right” marchers holding tiki-torches and yelling anti-Semitic slurs went viral on social media over the weekend, prompting Twitter users to name and shame the attendees.
A Twitter account named @YesYoureRacist, which has beenidentifying racists since 2012, took the helm of the crowdsourced movement and began asking internet users for their help exposing those who proudly affiliated themselves with the violent far-right.
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
#YesYoureRacist soon began to trend on Twitter and people actually began to ID those photographed at the march.
A man named Cole White, who worked at a Top Dog restaurant in Berkeley, California, was among the first white supremacists to be publicly shamed.
Cole White, from California -- allegedly works at Top Dog restaurant in Berkeley pic.twitter.com/gxPvwQtAPw — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
White was later fired from his job.
“Effective Saturday 12th August, Cole White no longer works at Top Dog,” the restaurant chain said in a statement. “The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog. We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone.”
Using the hashtag #GoodNightAltRight, @YesYoureRacistcontinued to expose a number of Charlottesville marchers.
Any Arkansas Engineering folks recognize this guy? Must be awfully proud of his school to represent it at a Klan rally... pic.twitter.com/S9Cr5g0fC3 — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
These two torchbearers are Ryan Martin (L) and Jacob Dix (R) of Centerville, Ohio #ExposeTheAltRight #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/9AzH3qlAfM — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 13, 2017
This is James Allsup -- speaker at the alt-right rally, Wash State U. College Republicans president, and one of @bakedalaska's racist homiespic.twitter.com/tjDqnHb7YP — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 13, 2017
“I've been using this account to call out racists on Twitter in real life for nearly five years,” the anonymous owner of @YesYoureRacist told the BuzzFeed News. “So when all of these photos started popping up from the torch rally Friday night and the alt-right march on Saturday, I figured it was only natural that I would continue to call them out.”
Meanwhile, a marcher identified as Peter Cvjetanovic, 20,tried to frantically backtrack after being exposed as one of the white supremacist marchers.
This angry young man is Peter Cvjetanovic, a student at @unevadareno pic.twitter.com/7rLGJkcT3o — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
Speaking to KTVN, Cvjetanovic insisted he is not the “angry racist” being portrayed in a viral photo of him carrying a torch at therally and that he traveled from Reno only to protest the removal of the Confederate statue.
“I came to this march for the message that white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture,” he continued, trying to defend his actions. “It is not perfect; there are flaws to it, of course. However I do believe that the replacement of the statue will be the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States and the people who fought and defended and built their homeland. Robert E Lee is a great example of that. He wasn't a perfect man, but I want to honor and respect what he stood for during his time.”
To put it simply, Cvjetanovic and others like him wanted to honor and respect all the worst parts of American history – most importantly the time they treated African Americans as slaves, denying them of their basic human rights. They want to live in the past, when racial equality was a mere dream.
Charlottesville City Police has arrested James Alex Fields Jr., 20, for allegedly plowing his vehicle into a crowd of activists protesting bigotry and killing a woman identified as Heather Heyer. At least19 people were injured as well.
Thumbnail/Banner: Alejandro Alvarez via Reuters
Alfie Evans allowed to return home, but may not travel to Rome for treatment
24 April 2018
A judge has ruled that terminally ill Alfie Evans may be allowed home, but will not be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
Mr Justice Hayden described the 23-month-old at the centre of a life support battle as “courageous” and a “warrior”, but said the case had now reached its “final chapter”, he told a High Court hearing in Manchester.
He rejected claims by Alfie's father, Tom Evans, 21, that his son was “significantly better” than first thought because he had now been breathing unaided for 20 hours after doctors first withdrew life support on Monday night at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
Instead, the judge said the best Alfie's parents could hope for was to “explore” the options of removing him from intensive care either to a ward, a hospice or his home.
But a doctor treating Alfie, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that for Alfie to be allowed home would require a “sea change” in attitude from the child's family, and they feared that in the “worst case” they would try to take the boy abroad.
Mr Justice Hayden ruled out his family's wishes to take the child to the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, following interventions from the Pope and the Italian authorities.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life or death treatment battle, with his parents, Mr Evans and Kate James, trying to block doctors from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A “last-ditch appeal” in which the Italian Ambassador granted Alfie citizenship of Italy in order to take him to Rome for treatment failed on Monday.
And a late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
During another three-hour hearing on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court sitting in Manchester, Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre representing the parents, suggested the alleged change in the position meant the court should reconsider its decision on allowing Alfie to travel abroad.
He handed the court a witness statement from Mr Evans in which he suggested his son's health was “significantly better” than first thought since life support was withdrawn at 9.17pm last night, as he was continuing to live and breathe.
Kate and Tom Evans
But Mr Justice Hayden said in his ruling: “The sad truth is that it is not.
“With little, indeed no hesitation, I reject that.
“The brain cannot regenerate itself and there is virtually nothing of his brain left.
“There is, in truth, with great respect to the efforts of Mr Diamond, no substance to this application, which represents, at least within the court process, the final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy.”
Instead the judge said Alfie's continued life was a “shaft of light” and a “special opportunity” for his parent to spend time with him – not the time for more legal manoeuvres.
And he criticised the “malign hand” of one of the family's advisers, law student Pavel Stroilov, who had, the court heard, been party to Mr Evans lodging a private prosecution of Alder Hey Hospital doctors, allegedly for murder.
The judge said, in fact, the hospital had provided “world class” care for the child.
The hospital's doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say he has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain, and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support.
But his parents have fought a long battle to ask the courts to allow them to take him abroad.
The dispute ended up in the courts, but the family have already lost a series of appeals in the High Court, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court and European Court of Human Rights.
Alfie was born on May 9 2016, but suffered seizures and was taken to hospital in December that year.
He is currently being hydrated and given oxygen to stop him becoming distressed, the court heard.
Share it:
Don't Miss
It's the longest streak at No. 1 since ‘Avatar' in 2010
“Black Panther,” Walt Disney Co.'s new superhero hit, stole the show for a fifth-straight weekend, beating a lackluster “Tomb Raider” reboot by Time Warner Inc.'s Warner Bros.
The African superhero movie collected $26.7 million last weekend in North American theaters, researcher ComScore Inc. said Monday. That makes the picture the first to lead the domestic box office for five straight weeks since “Avatar” went on to hold the crown for seven weeks in 2010. “Tomb Raider,” with Alicia Vikander taking the role made famous by Angelina Jolie, placed second with $23.6 million, ahead of three other new wide releases.
“Black Panther” continues to buoy theaters at home and abroad. In recent days, the film has risen to No. 16 in all-time sales, passing “The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” and “Transformers: Dark of the Moon.” Its cumulative sales in North America climbed to $605 million, according to ComScore, making it only the seventh movie to top $600 million.
Internationally, “Black Panther” took in $30 million this weekend, bringing its global revenue to $1.18 billion, ComScore said.
With “Tomb Raider,” critics were split over Vikander's reprisal of the video-game icon, with only 38 percent of top reviewers having positive comments, according to aggregator RottenTomatoes.com The movie, which cost $94 million to make, was expected to earn $24.8 million on its first weekend, according to analysts at Box Office Mojo.
In Warner Bros.' resuscitation of the franchise Lara Croft, Vikander stars as the daughter of an eccentric adventurer and has set out to solve the mystery of his disappearance. The film was made in partnership with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. While the movie met Warner's expectations, it's unlikely to yield a sequel.
Three other new releases vied for moviegoers' attention. Roadside Attractions, which is partly owned by Lions Gate Entertainment, released “I Can Only Imagine,” a family film about the Christian band MercyMe. It placed third with $17.1 million, beating Box Office Mojo's forecast of $6 million.
“Love, Simon,” a coming-of-age tale about a young gay man, placed fifth with $11.8 million in sales for 21st Century Fox Inc.'s film division. That missed the forecast of $14.3 million from Box Office Pro.
“7 Days in Entebbe,” from Comcast Corp.'s Universal Pictures and Focus Features, didn't crack ComScore's top 10 list.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – It turns out retired educators are never really off the job. Several recently gathered at a Bibb county school to help prepare students who may one day follow them in their profession.
Senior Alana Banks says “My passion for teaching is because I love kids and I want to be a role model for the early childhood coming up.”
- Advertisement -
Alana Banks is currently enrolled at Hutchings College and Career Academy. She's on the path to become a teacher. She is confident she's on her way to the top.
Retired and current educators dedicate time to conduct mock interviews with students to get them ready for the next level.
Banks says,”The feedback I receive is going to help me be able to better respond to certain situations and handle certain things in a different way or professional way.”
The one on one time with professionals give students a chance to sell themselves and help identify weaknesses as they prepare for their journey as educators.
“It's motivating me to go extra hard and be the best person that I can be in the educational field,” says senior Antoneisha Knighton.
The interviewers are creating an easy transition, from high school to college, and college to their own classroom.
“The interviewer I had was an all around educator so she knew a lot about education because she moved around a lot. So, she helped me with knowing that each place has a different need so now I know to research which school needs more of my help,” senior Rashmi Patel explains.
Students who are in the ‘Teaching as a Profession Pathway', visit assigned schools everyday for their campus practicum; which is designed to give more training in a real classroom setting.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale reaches across a table to shake hands with Kirstjen Nielsen, United States Secretary of Homeland Security during a G7 Foreign and Security Ministers meeting in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
Canada and its G7 partners are saying “enough is enough” to attacks by Russia and other authoritarian countries in their democratic institutions, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Monday.
Freeland concluded talks with her G7 counterparts by affirming an organized effort to respond to foreign meddling and the spreading of false information — mainly by Russia. Exactly what that means is a work in progress, but Freeland said the ministers will give their leaders recommendations on how to respond in a forceful, co-ordinated manner when they meet in Charlevoix, Que. in June.
There is a concern in the G7 countries that “authoritarian states are actively working to undermine the democratic systems in our countries and elsewhere,” she said.
“Today we said, ‘Enough is enough.'”
Freeland said there was unanimity among G7 ministers for a concerted effort to tackle Russian disinformation and meddling in the world's democracies.
Related: G7 warned of Russian threats to western democracy
While she and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson displayed enthusiasm for the G7 effort to take Russia to task for what they are calling a broad range of “malign” behaviour, their American counterpart sounded a less effusive note.
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan didn't bother mentioning the initiative in his closing public remarks.
Sullivan was pinch-hitting for U.S. President Donald Trump's new pick for secretary of state, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who faces strong opposition to his confirmation, and could not represent his country during the overlapping meeting of G7 foreign and interior ministers, which continues Tuesday.
Sullivan opted instead to highlight the North Korea nuclear crisis in his closing summit remarks, following Pompeo's secret mission to the Hermit Kingdom two weeks ago to pave the way for a Trump meeting with its leader, Kim Jong-un.
Freeland pushed Russia to the top of a packed agenda that included North Korea, Iran, the ongoing Syrian crisis, and the Venezuela and Rohingya Muslim unrest.
Russia is, of course, a politically charged issue for Trump, with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016.
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia, including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news.
“What we decided … was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations, whether it's cyberwar, whether it's disinformation, assassination attempts, whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out,” Johnson said.
“Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters. We think there's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity.”
Freeland said she and her fellow ministers talked about “democracy being under attack, and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies.”
Sullivan didn't mention the Russia initiative in his summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin's use disinformation, but he said the U.S. remains committed to the G7's endeavour.
He called on Russia to be a “constructive partner” in Syria, where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad. He blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in the British town of Salisbury. And he called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region.
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary, including fighting terrorism “but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7.”
Afterwards, a senior State Department official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, added additional comment: “The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries. This remains a priority.”
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time, with Russia as the West's main foe on that front.
She said all citizens in democratic countries, as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption. She said one of her fellow ministers “pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring” and don't always lead to an interesting narrative.
“Lurid conspiracy theories, on the other hand, are lurid, and exciting. Part of our job, I think, is a collective one of being aware of that fact.”
Related: Trudeau ends 3-country tour with global reputation, alliances intact
Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
A last-minute try to All Blacks Sevens speedster Joe Ravouvou has handed a sub-par All Blacks Sevens side a 17-12 victory over Argentina and guaranteed them top spot in their Hamilton Sevens pool.
New Zealand's Regan Ware in action against France on day one of the Hamilton Sevens. Source: Photosport
It was all looking a bit grim for the Kiwis heading into the dying moments of their Waikato showdown until Ravouvou broke down the right to crash over.
They had been trailing 12-5 after first-half Luciano Gonzalez and Felipe del Mestre tries handed a valiant Argentinian side the ascendancy.
But tries to Vilimoni Koroi and Ravouvou turned it around late on.
Undefeated across Saturday's pool play, the All Blacks Sevens will now go on to face England in Sunday's quarter-final after the latter's loss to South Africa.
It was a solid day for Clark Laidlaw's troops.
In Saturday's earlier matches, the Kiwis demolished France 52-7, while a Koroi playmaking masterclass guided them to a 24-5 win over Scotland.
The Otago-based teen was in stunning form against the Scots, setting up first-half tries to Tim Mikkelson and captain Scott Curry before scoring his own.
Scotland eventually beat out Argentina and France to a quarter-final berth via head-to-head after all three sides finished pool play on five points.
They'll play the fearsome Blitzbokke, who made light work of the English in Pool B's afternoon crunch match with a 28-7 triumph.
Elsewhere, Australia failed to secure top spot in Pool A after going down 26-15 in a winner-takes-all clash with Olympic gold medallists Fiji.
In a seesawing clash, the two sides traded tries until Fiji pulled away in the second half with a long-range Jasa Veremalua effort and an Eroni Sau clincher.
They'll go on to face Pacific neighbours Samoa in Sunday's quarter-finals, while the Sydney Sevens-winning Australians will take on Kenya.
SUNDAY'S HAMILTON SEVENS QUARTER-FINALS:
- Fiji vs Samoa
- South Africa vs Scotland
- New Zealand vs England
What is definitely an essay? Many many people believe that an essay is definitely an common operate. Nonetheless, it can be not.
The essay is a prosaic literary genre. Interpreted from French suggests “sketch” or “draw”. The essay echos the person encounters with the article author, his thoughts about a certain question. It does not produce an exhaustive solution to a precise question, but displays one's personal impression or effect. When publishing an essay, the common sense builds up perfectly, the capability to fight one's impression, and properly existing the info. Form of presentation is more concentrated on conversational.
Attribute attributes from the essay To properly create an essay
Feature characteristics on the essay To properly create an essay will need to take into account the specific attributes that distinguish it utilizing types. The principle attributes on the essay: 1 Obtaining a specific slim subject that includes a problem and supports your reader to mirror. two Subjective authors's location. The essay is distinguished precisely by the inclusion of an author's look at of your existing trouble, its connection to the world, dialog and pondering. three Talked writing layouts. It's essential to stay clear of complex formulations, as well long sentences. It truly is very important to follow a laid-returning design and style to create get in touch with using the visitor. It is essential to not overdo it, rotating the essay perfectly into a second-rate content http://www.columbia.edu/content/copyright.html filled with slang. The right sentimental color from the text will likely be provided by brief, easy and easy to understand phrases, the use of distinct intonations in sentences. 4 A detailed evaluation in the challenge. Our personal standpoint needs to be contended on the basis of factual materials.
5 Comparative brevity of PowerPoint presentation. You'll find no prohibitions around the quantity of webpages, but the essay is little in quantities. six Free building. The essay includes a identity of business presentation that doesn't match into any concrete framework. The building obeys its personal reasoning, that your writer sticks to, trying to consider the problem from distinct perspectives. 7 Logic of discussion. Despite the free of charge arrangement, the essay have to offer https://essay-company.com/coursework-help an interior unity, persistence in the author's records indicating his impression. Thus, the essay is famous by using a special type of story and seeks to stimulate the reader to mirror. This author does not demand his perspective, but just like invites your reader to feel and discuss it.
Tips on how to decide a topic with an essay?
If there's no number of subjects amongst which you could pick one, simply a basic direction is offered, then you definitely ought to consider which visitors the essay is created for. Variants could be diverse: the coach inside the institution, the profit, the literary neighborhood, the employer. In the event the essay is created for transport towards the instructor, then it is essential to contemplate what attributes will probably be assessed. Proceeding from this, the subject should really be chosen in such a way that it is actually probable to show the abilities the examiner from the creator is waiting for: inspiration, the ability to rationally construct sentences, literacy, specialist components, and so forth.
When selecting a topic for crafting an essay from the suggested directory, which includes certain information, things to consider or simply sturdy desire. When the essay is centered around the supervisor, it truly is ideal that both the topic and the content material of your essay reveal the type from the writer, top essay writing service his truthfulness, originality, mankind and personality.
How to begin an essay?
It typically takes place that someone who has enough eloquence and capability to share his thoughts on paper, has challenges in beginning an essay, which includes an essay. Concern from the beginning can extend for pretty a extended time, which greatly darkens the method of inventive function. Take advantage of our strategies on how you can start off an essay. Idea 1. Just before you start out producing essays, you need to put together an notion, establish a goal and locate sources of data for to operate. Suggestion two. Use the freeriding method (absolutely free crafting). The basis of it really is to write reduced each of the feelings that can come to mind with no enhancing it and not just following sentence structure, punctuation, design, and so on. An awesome technique to enable deal with the creative crisis and locate an amazing concept.
Trick 3. It is actually crucial to not focus around the opening part. The intro may be composed and right after the key portion is created. In this case it is currently clean what the essay is roughly, so it can be less difficult to write the introduction. Word of advice 4. Certainly one of the fairly standard possibilities is always to create an essay, starting having a query, the solution to that is given after.
Snow sports lovers are in for an early treat after the Whakapapa Ski Area announced it was opening its Happy Valley beginner runs for free a day early.
The Mt Ruapehu official ski season in the Whakapapa and Turoa fields had been due to begin on Saturday.
But heavy falls in the past week had led the operators to announce they were opening early on Friday for a fun day between 11am and 2pm.
"Big news, we're opening tomorrow in Happy Valley and it'll be absolutely free! Check it out," said a post on the Mt Ruapehu, Whakapapa and Turoa Ski Areas Facebook page today.
Advertisement
Whakapapa operations manager Steve Manunui said in a video posted to the page, the decision had come after a massive storm cycle over the past 10 days.
"We accumulated well over 40-50cm, it's been awesome and a fantastic start," he said.
"I reckon we're gonna be the first commercial resort to open for the 2018 winter in Australasia."
Manunui expected a crowd of enthusiasts to get in early by taking a day off work and heading to the field.
"The weather is looking awesome, Happy Valley - we're gonna get all of it open," he said.
"We're gonna get a couple of little path features up for you guys as well."
He said the cafe and rental shops would be open, with normal prices charged for rental equipment.
The field would also be accepting donations to try to help keep the Taupo rescue helicopter service operating.
"Then Saturday we roll into what we have planned for our opening, [it will be] business as per usual," Manunui said.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
FILE PHOTO: France's far right National Front party founder and Member of the European Parliament Jean-Marie Le Pen arrives to take part in a voting session at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, May 11, 2016. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
PARIS A remembrance ceremony for the policeman killed last week by an attacker in Paris "exalted" the concept of gay marriage, far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's father said on Friday, courting controversy for his daughter's campaign.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, the National Front (FN) party founder from whom his daughter has sought to distance herself because of his controversial views, criticised a speech made at the ceremony by the dead policeman's partner earlier this week.
"The long speech he made in some way institutionalised homosexual marriage, exalted it in a public way, and that shocked me," Le Pen said in an interview on his web site.
Marine Le Pen is the underdog in the coming run-off vote for the presidency against Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate.
The legalisation of gay marriage was one of the flagship actions of outgoing President Francois Hollande's five years in office, a move that was popular with many people in France but controversial with a large socially conservative section of society.
The comments by 88 year-old Le Pen senior came as another controversy he is linked to came back to haunt his candidate daughter.
Earlier on Friday the FN announced that Jean-Francois Jalkh, a vice-president of the party who was earmarked to replace Marine Le Pen as party leader for the duration of the presidential campaign, had decided to stand aside over allegations - which he strongly denies - that he was a Holocaust denier.
Jean-Marie Le Pen was expelled from the FN in 2015 for his saying that World War Two Nazi gas chambers were a "detail" of history.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; editing by John Irish)
May 2 Philippine National Bank
* Confirms news article "PNB sees robust profit growth, sets P3.5 B capex" posted in the Philippine Star Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Marapara and Binitin, old layouts in Bacolod that vary very much in character but offer the same stern tests of golf, will host the 71st edition of the PAL Senior's and Men's Regular Interclub championships starting March 1.
Now known as the Negros Occidental Golf and Country Club and the Bacolod Golf and Country Club, respectively, these two courses will take centerstage as Luisita and Manila Southwoods shoot to extend their respective reigns in the Senior's and Men's divisions of the country's unofficial team golf championship.
And unlike in the past, the Men's championship will see a Sunday ending this year as tournament organizers have decided to give the field three official practice rounds leading to the opening skirmishes on March 8.
Jaime Bautista, the indefatigable president of the country's flag carrier, is expected to hit the ceremonial drive and signal the start of Senior play on February 26, Monday, at Marapara.
Canlubang is again listed as the chief threat to Luisita even if the multi-titled Tommy Manotoc is again expected to miss play owing to some family commitments in the United States.
The Senior field will also have three days to sample both courses, though early reports have it that the Luisitans have already come over to test both layouts and not leave anything to chance.
Southwoods will come into the event as the heavy favorite, more so because Japanese teenager Yuto Katsuragawa has confirmed that he will return to play for the Carmona-based squad.
BEIJING, April 5 SAIC Motor Corp Ltd , China's largest automaker, reported on Wednesday a 7.4 percent rise in net profit for 2016, as a tax cut on small-engine cars boosted sales.
The Shanghai-based manufacturer, which makes cars in joint ventures with General Motors Co and Volkswagen AG in addition to own-brand vehicles, said its net profit totalled 32.0 billion yuan ($4.6 billion) last year.
This was slightly below SAIC's preliminary prediction of a 7.5 percent rise in 2016 profit. ($1 = 6.8952 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Jake Spring; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
MADRID (AP) " Zara fashion store owner Inditex says net profit jumped by 18 percent in the first quarter of its fiscal year thanks to booming sales and continued expansion.
The world's largest clothes retailer said Wednesday net profit for February through April was 654 million euros ($734 million), compared with 554 million for the period last year. Sales rose 14 percent to 5.6 billion euros.
Inditex said all its brands increased their international presence with new physical and online stores, including four new Zara online operations in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam.
Founded in 1975 by Amancio Ortega, Inditex operates eight brands including Massimo Dutti, Bershka and Pull & Bear. It has 7,385 stores.
Advertisement
Company shares were down 1 percent at 36 euros in early trading in Madrid.
Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) yesterday said it supports the rehoming of lab animals as an alternative to euthanasia.
Source: istock.com
On the MPI website, it also said it is working with the National Animal Ethics Advisory Committee to develop initiatives to support rehoming.
"The Animal Welfare Act 1999 does not prevent rehoming of animals used in research, testing and teaching," MPI said. "MPI supports research, testing and teaching organisations considering rehoming laboratory animals as an alternative to euthanasia, where appropriate and in the interests of the animal."
It comes after a petition from the New Zealand Anti-vivisection Society (NZAVS) and Helping You Help Animals which asked the Government in April 2017 to make rehoming consideration required as an alternative to euthanasia by amending the Animal Welfare Act.
The Primary Production Select Committee rejected the petition, NZAVS said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Armed police were on the streets of Birmingham on Wednesday night.
Pictures taken in Frankley showed a number of officers carrying weapons.
Several police cars were at the scene at around 8.30pm.
West Midlands Police could not immediately say why the officers were in Frankley.
There were no reports of any shots having been fired.
(Photo: Pembo Pemberton)
The B31 Voices community Facebook page said it was aware of "police incidents" in the Ringwood Drive, Frogmill Road and Coriander Close areas of Frankley.
Writing on the page, Emma Rochford said: "When I came home from work police (were) everywhere.
"Apparently they had some report but wouldn't say what."
The new Volvo XC60 will be available in a single but fully loaded Inscription trim.
Volvo initially promised to launch the XC60 during the Diwali period but it is finally going to unwrap the vehicle tomorrow. There will only be a single ‘Inscription' trim for the XC60, just like in the two models that arrived before it, the V90 Cross Country and the S90. And mind you, the Inscription trim gets an exhaustive features list so that all the bases are covered. The pricing of the 2018 Volvo is expected to range between Rs 55 lakh to Rs 60 lakh, with deliveries scheduled to start from this year itself.
The new Volvo XC60 is based upon the SPA (scalable platform architecture) which underpins both the XC90 and the S90. While the SUV will be a CBU at the time of launch, its local assembly might begin by mid-2018 in their Bengaluru plant, as revealed by the company representatives to Cardekho. 2017 Volvo XC60: First Drive Review
In another nugget of information shared with us, the company revealed that it just might introduce lower variants of the XC60 if the demand is felt for the same. The lower variants will be named either ‘Momentum' or ‘Inscription'. In case the following variant bears the ‘Inscription' badge, the launch edition of the XC60 will be renamed ‘Inscription Tech Pack'. There is the possibility of a racier variant called the R-Sport for the XC60 as well. Also Read: Volvo S90 And V90 Get A New Petrol Engine
The features on offer will include air suspension, 4-zone climate control, and ventilated front seats with Nappa leather upholstery. Then there is the panoramic sunroof and a 15-speaker audio system from Bowers and Wilkins. The Volvo safety suite on offer includes adaptive cruise control, pilot assist, lane keeping aid, park pilot assist, 360-degree camerae, hill start assist and HUD mode. You May Like: Volvo's Performance Arm Unveils The Polestar 1, Its First Hybrid Car
The standard 2.0-litre D5 diesel engine on the Volvo XC60 churns out 235PS of power and 480Nm of peak torque while the transmission is an 8-speed automatic gearbox which send power to all the wheels via an AWD system. The XC60 will be the most powerful in its class, competing against the Mercede Benz GLC, Audi Q5, Land Rover Discovery Sport and BMW X3. Similar: Volvo XC40 vs Mercedes-Benz GLA vs BMW X1 vs Audi Q3: Spec Comparo
Read More on : Volvo XC60 Automatic
April 6 INNOFACTOR PLC
* HUS SELECTS INNOFACTOR AS THE DEVELOPER OF THE TERVEYSKYLÄ VIRTUAL HOSPITAL APPLICATIONS
* HUS ESTIMATES TOTAL PURCHASE VALUE DURING CONTRACT PERIOD TO BE APPROXIMATELY 1.8 MILLION EUROS, WHICH IS CONTRIBUTED TO 2017
* FINAL VALUE OF DEAL DURING CONTRACT PERIOD CANNOT HOWEVER BE KNOWN AT THIS POINT
* AGREEMENT TO BE SIGNED WILL BE VALID UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders.
The retailer is flogging three ‘Baby Rockit' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store.
But M&S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists.
Professor Brendan Godley, conservation science lecturer at Exeter University, tweeted a picture of the tubing.
Mr Godley wrote: “Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “fit car cup holders (M&S rep).”
His tweet included the hashtags #timetochange and #irresponsiblepackaging.
He later tweeted: “Apples don't need to come in a plastic tube.
“We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead.”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York, Bryce Beukers-Stewart, tweeted: “If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin...
“Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about #PlasticPollution.”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce, saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “protection and convenience”.
They wrote: “We do care Bryce :/ The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience. Being a small pack, it can easily fit in a car cup holder, or a bag.
‘'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled, though we're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative.”
Marks and Spencer's ‘Plan A 2025' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business.
Jared Goff could be without his $42 million man in Tavon Austin for the foreseeable future. Tavon Austin has been battling a hamstring injury since the beginning of August, forcing him to miss most training camp. That same injury is expected to keep him out a little while longer, and possibly for all of the preseason.
Sean McVay said on Sunday that the Rams are going to be cautious with Austin and not bring him back to quickly for fear of him suffering a setback.
“Not right now,” McVay said of Austin practicing this week. “No, the expectation is that he'll probably at least be out another week. Again, it's a day-to-day update, but kind of the word and the feeling that I get is that it won't be at least for another week until he'll be available.”
In addition to missing just about all camp, Austin also sat out spring workouts after undergoing surgery on his wrist. The combination of both has really limited Austin's reps with the offense this offseason, which isn't an ideal situation.
McVay wouldn't even say for sure if Austin will play this preseason, which would be a huge blow for the offense.
“We're really trying to figure out exactly when that is that he'll be back. I think ideally, you'd like to say he'll get some preseason work, but you also want to be mindful of, if you're ever pressing it to the point where he might re-aggravate it and then it puts him back another six weeks,” McVay said. . . . “The hamstrings are always very difficult injuries for those skilled players to evaluate, because the grade-one the grade-two, the difference ends up being a couple of weeks. So, ideally I'd like to say Tavon will get a chance to play in the preseason, but the goal and the main thing that we have in mind is making sure he's ready for that Colts game.”
The good news is that Austin has been in the league for four years now, so it isn't his first rodeo. The bad news is he's entering his first season in a new offense with a quarterback he only played half the season with in 2016.
Fortunately, the Rams just traded for Sammy Watkins, so at least Goff will have a No. 1 receiver at his disposal in the preseason and throughout training camp.
High School Sports Talk Presented by VirginiaPreps.com airs each and every Saturday from 10 AM EST to Noon on ESPN Radio 94.1, hosted by Matthew Hatfield and Coach Ed Young.
Flying solo with Coach Young on assignment, Matt was joined by a bevy of guests throughout the program at the Boo Williams Sportsplex in Hampton for the fourth session of the Nike Elite Youth Basketball League - the final leg before Peach Jam takes place in July.
Segment 1 - Former NBA point guard and Duke standout Chris Duhon + Christ School 5-Star guard Jalen Lecque of NY Rens
Segment 2 - Daily Press Columnist David Teel
Segment 3 - Callers + Former Bethel All-State guard and Indiana State signee Cam Bacote
Segment 4 - Supervisor of Officials for the ACC, A-10 and Colonial Bryan Kersey
Segment 5 - Virginian-Pilot Reporter Ed Miller
Segment 6 - Florida signee Keyontae Johnson (formerly of Norview HS in Norfolk, IMG Academy and Oak Hill)
Hear a Full Replay of the program - in its entirety - below. each individual segment can be heard by clicking the hyperlinks above through Dropbox with the option to download.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Cristina Carpio Pettersen explores the wonders of South America on her blog "Travel to South America highlighting Ecuador & the Galapagos Islands" which details her travels & discoveries on the continent & the
Visit Ecuador and South America
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Tourism
* Ecuador
* Galapagos Industry:
* Tourism Location:
* Stavanger - Rogaland - Norway Subject:
* Projects
Contact
Cristina Pettersen Carpio
***@visitecuadorandsouthamerica.com Cristina Pettersen Carpio
End
-- In her new self-published ebook "Travel to South America highlighting Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands", Cristina Carpio Pettersen narrates her travel recommendations for Galapagos and South America from the eyes of an Ecuadorian expat. Additionally, the 44 page guide provides the reader with an unusual blend of sights, food musts and travel tips both for people who have never visited the region and seasoned travelers that may have missed some of Galapagos and South America's treasures. Several issues are addressed that are of interest to regular travelers, backpackers, travel guides, and those who have always wanted to know more about a enchanted islands and the mainland attractions for tourists. "I was born in Ecuador and got my first taste of travelling at a very young age, partly due to my family´s keen interest in history, nature and their love for travelling and meeting new people" says Carpio Pettersen. "I am keen on learning about other cultures, meeting new people from all walks of life, tasting different flavors and all that comes along with traveling. The guide reflects this wanderlust feeling and serves fellow travelers and travel guides to better profit from their travels down South""Travel to South America highlighting Ecuador and Galapagos" has been met with favorable reviews and high applause from early readers and is being hailed as a "unique guide to the islands and the mainland travel treasures." The hindsight perspective aims to educate the reader into making better decisions in their own travels to the South.Carpio Pettersen is also the author of "Living Healthier Ideas", a holistic lifestyle blog and studies a Master in Hotel and Tourism Leadership – Universitetet i Stavanger – Stavanger, Norway. She has also attained a Communications and Public Relations – Master´s Degree Programme from University of Barcelona (Spain) an Associate of Arts (AA), Sales and Marketing Operations from University San Francisco of Quito (Ecuador) and is a certified tourist guide in English, Spanish and French with GuideCompaniet, Stavanger, Norway. She is married to Kjell Anders Pettersen, a Norwegian musician and festival organizer, and currently travels from Norway to Ecuador and the US, exploring flavors and sights for her incoming travel guides. For more information or to acquire the (free) ebook, visit http://www.visitecuadorandsouthamerica.com . You can learn more about Cristina Carpio Pettersen by visiting, http://www.visitecuadorandsouthamerica.com/ about , or on Twitter @carmencristina
To put into perspective the size of the task Leicester City face: Atlético Madrid have eliminated Bayern Munich, Barcelona (twice), Chelsea, Milan, Bayer Leverkusen (twice) and PSV Eindhoven in the Champions League across the past three years. Diego Simeone's team have reached two finals since 2014 and the only club to have got the better of them outside of the group stage during that period is Real Madrid.
Leicester, in short, have got their work cut out and it will take something truly special to turn this Champions League quarter-final around, bearing in mind Atlético go into the game with a 1-0 lead, courtesy of Antoine Griezmann's contentious penalty in Madrid, and the fact that the Spanish club have gone through in the last 16 European ties in which they have won the first leg.
The odds are stacked against Leicester in that sense, as is so often the case, and Craig Shakespeare smiled when it was pointed out to him that the bookmakers have Atlético at 1-10 to reach the semi-finals. “They've got it wrong in the past, so let's hope they've got it wrong again,” Leicester's manager said, alluding to the Premier League title his club won last season despite starting the campaign as 5,000-1 outsiders. “We know we'll start as underdogs because of the history of Madrid but we're comfortable with that. Let's hope we can earn people a few bob.”
Final decision
The good news for Leicester is that Wes Morgan is almost certain to start, softening the blow that Robert Huth is ruled out through suspension. Morgan has missed the last six matches with a back problem but has come through three training sessions without reporting any discomfort. Shakespeare will make a final decision this morning but everything points to the Leicester captain returning and partnering Yohan Benalouane in central defence.
Keeping a clean sheet would appear to hold the key to Leicester's prospects of progressing, although that will be easier said than done against arguably the best counter-attacking team in Europe, especially as the onus is on the champions to take the game to Atlético. It will be a difficult balancing act for Shakespeare's players to get right on an occasion when the adrenaline is sure to be pumping, prompting the manager to call for “cool, smart heads”.
“We're in the tie. We need to make sure offensively we create more, we've got to get a goal back, but by the same token we need to be mindful of players of the ilk of Griezmann,” Shakespeare said.
Clean sheets
Leicester failed to register a shot on target in Madrid, where Jamie Vardy was isolated to such an extent that he attempted only two passes, and it would be naive to think that everything will open up for the English club now that they are playing Atlético at home. Simeone's side are experts at suffocating the life out of opponents and have kept seven clean sheets in their past nine matches.
Just as significantly in the context of this tie, Atlético have not lost any of their previous 21 Champions League away games by more than one goal. “They have a great defensive record, especially in Europe,” Shakespeare added. “But we know what we've got to do, we can't sit back for 90 minutes as we've got to score.”
Records, of course, are there to be broken and Leicester have form for that kind of thing. Last season's Premier League title is the obvious place to start and belongs in a folder marked “footballing miracles”.
“This is something very special to us,” Christian Fuchs, Leicester's left-back, said. “We are the small Leicester City playing in the Champions League, being in the quarter-finals is outstanding and we just enjoy the time we have. We might never be here again.”
“We're not here to make the numbers up,” Shakespeare said. “We're here to have a right go.”
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And he said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” he said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said he was not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” he said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” he added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 87-year-old great-grandmother was left with these horrific injuries after being attacked and robbed in her Birmingham home.
The “brutal and heartless” attacker who struck at the home situated just off Hillcrest Road, in Wylde Green on Monday.
The great-grandma had to crawl to a neighbour for help after the attack at around 6.30am when the raider disconnected her phone line.
She didn't initially hear the man break into her home.
But the offender – who spoke with a local accent - forced her out of bed and took her around the house demanding money. He rifled through drawers stealing jewellery and other precious items.
A commemorative coin from Sierra Leone was taken and police are asking the public to keep a look out for the unusual item.
If anyone has seen it or is offered this item for sale they should contact the investigation team immediately.
Police have released shocking images of the victim's injuries.
DC Laura Halpin, from West Midlands Police, who is leading the investigation, said: “This was a brutal and heartless attack on this lady and we are absolutely determined to catch the person responsible.
“Our teams are carrying out extensive house to house, reviewing CCTV in the local area and conducting foot patrols. Forensics and other specialist teams have been gathering evidence from the address too, but we need the local community to get on board, share our appeal and contact us with information.”
The man is described as white, around 5ft 8ins tall, aged between 18 and 25 and slim. He was wearing dark clothing and baseball hat with an orange rim.
DC Halpin added: “I'd urge people who may know who is responsible to look at the injuries of this lady and do the right thing - get in touch with us. Any information you have, no matter how small or insignificant you think it is could be vital to our investigation.”
Anyone with information is asked to call West Midlands Police on 101 quoting crime number 20BE/22740V/18. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
European shares pulled back on Wednesday, as energy stocks fell on tumbling crude prices and banks were hit after weak US data raised questions over future rate hikes in the world's biggest economy.
DUBLIN
The Iseq index nudged up 0.3 per cent. Paper and packaging group Smurfit Kappa rose 1.6 per cent to €26.84, while Paddy Power Betfair advanced 1 per cent to €98.70 and hotels group Dalata closed up 1.6 per cent at €5.11.
The real estate investment trust stocks were also among the main movers. Hibernia Reit was up 3.8 per cent at €1.42, while Irish Residential Properties moved ahead by 3.4 per cent also to €1.42. Green Reit rose 1.8 per cent to €1.46.
Cement-maker CRH closed relatively flat at €32.28, while Ryanair finished the session up 0.6 per cent at €18.35.
Davy Research published a note on the airline sector highlighting better pricing trends going into the summer and reiterating its “outperform” rating on the stock, while Ryanair also said it was considering ordering bigger versions of Boeing's 737 to boost capacity on its longest routes.
LONDON
Britain's top share index ended lower on Wednesday, paring earlier gains as a late drop in crude prices hit oil stocks, more than offsetting gains for housebuilders. The blue chip FTSE 100 index fell 0.35 per cent.
Housebuilders had suffered a selloff in the immediate aftermath of the UK's hung parliament general election result, but a trading update from Bellway eased investors' concerns as the firm said demand had not slowed in the run-up to the election.
Bellway's shares rose 5.9 per cent to a record high, while peers Barratt Developments, Persimmon and Taylor Wimpey were among the top FTSE gainers, up between 1.3 per cent to 3.2 per cent. But a fall in crude oil prices weighed on energy stocks, which took most points off the FTSE. Shares in BP and Royal Dutch Shell fell 1.8 and 1.3 per cent respectively.
Miners were also lower, with Anglo American and Glencore both down more than 2.5 per cent.
Budget airline easyJet rose 1.5 per cent after Davy upgraded the stock to “neutral” from “underperform”, citing its higher operating leverage in the current environment.
EUROPE
The Stoxx 600 index fell 0.3 per cent with the banks, whose lending business gets a boost in margins when rates rise, taking off most points from the pan-European index with a fall of 1.3 per cent.
Shares had earlier been supported by data showing that euro zone industrial output grew in April, and that employment rose in the first quarter of the year to reach a record high.
Among outstanding movers, the Swedish measurement technology firm Hexagon rose 10.8 per cent to a new record high after a Wall Street Journal report that it was in talks about a potential sale to undisclosed buyers. Hexagon said the market would be immediately informed should evaluations lead to concrete results.
French energy company EDF rose 3.3 per cent after appointing a new manager to run its British unit handling the construction of two nuclear reactors at Hinkley Point C.
NEW YORK
Wall Street was slightly lower in early trading on Wednesday as a drop in oil prices weighed on energy stocks, while weak economic data took a toll on bank shares ahead of a widely expected interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve.
Oil prices fell to their lowest in more than five weeks after data showed a surprise buildup in US gasoline inventories and a report from the International Energy Agency (IEA) projected an increase in non-OPEC production.
The S&P 500 energy sector sank 2.4 per cent, led by declines in Exxon and Chevron. Financials fell 1.3 per cent after weaker-than-expected retail sales and consumer prices data raised questions about the Fed's ability to further tighten monetary policy.
(Additional reporting: Reuters)
The mega-boxing bout between Irish MMA star Conor McGregor and boxing legend Floyd Mayweather Jr is on for August 26, according to Mayweather Jr that is.
The retired boxing superstar made the announcement on social media this morning, saying: "It's official".
UFC superstar McGregor will face the world's renowned pound for pound king in Las Vegas.
It is unknown how many rounds the fight will be and what weight class the fight will be held at.
Drivers Caught In M23 Delays Near Gatwick
Drivers on the M23 heading to Gatwick are being warned of delays as the motorway is closed northbound between Junction 10 and 9 until Monday.
Highways England are carrying out ongoing resurfacing works over a number of weekends.
Diversion are in place
The decision to unwind in a sauna proved deadly for a mother-daughter pair.
The two women, ages 65 and 45, died after they became trapped in the sauna Sunday when the door handle broke at a home in Jincin, Czech Republic, according to the Guardian.
“The owner thought they were taking too long to come out so she went to check and found them lying on the floor,” police spokeswoman Iva Kormosova said in a statement.
Police said the mom and daughter had been in the sauna for around 90 minutes before they were discovered by the friend.
“They tried to break the window on the door but failed,” said Kormosova.
Emergency responders were called to the scene, where the women were pronounced dead.
A former championship body builder has been found guilty of sexually assaulting a child aged just four-years-old.
Jenev Varghese, 32, a personal trainer from Luton, was convicted of two counts of sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13 at Luton Crown Court on Friday.
During the trial the jury heard how Varghese sexually assaulted the young girl on a number of occasions and threatened to kill her family if she spoke out.
Detective Constable Samantha Shane, of the Bedfordshire Police Public Protection Unit, said: “Varghese took advantage of a young child in the worst and most sickening way possible and I am pleased that he will be made to pay for his actions.
“We are absolutely committed to tackling child sex abuse, clamping down on dangerous individuals such as Varghese while providing support and justice to victims. I'd like to praise the victim and her family for the bravery they have shown in coming forward and having to relive the experience in court.”
Varghese was remanded in prison ahead of sentencing on 8 September.
Cutting his hair for a good cause is just the latest community service project for the budding philanthropist
Community service has become a huge trend in recent years, especially at Laguna Blanca School. From a student-run concert benefiting American soldiers in Afghanistan to a Save the Ocean club that picks up trash at the beach, Laguna students are well-known for their countless hours of giving and are acutely aware of and involved with helping the world around them.
Not many people know that community service work at Laguna Blanca starts as early as kindergarten, and in this specific case with sixth-grade student Spencer Rycroft.
Rycroft has been an active participant in community work since age 5. He has done everything from raising money to support an orphanage in South Africa to growing out his hair for the organization Locks of Love. Locks of Love makes wigs out of donated human hair and supplies the wigs to cancer patients going through chemotherapy.
Q: What inspired you to donate your hair to Locks of Love?
A: My grandmother went through chemotherapy and lost all of her hair. I saw her go through this and it immediately made me want to start helping other people. Then my mom told me about the organization Locks of Love, and I decided to grow my hair out and donate it to cancer patients.
Q: In what other community service projects have you been involved?
A: My first project was when I was 5, the second when I was 8, and I also organized a community service project in fourth grade. My grandmother and my dad's whole side of the family live in South Africa. I have spent a lot of time there, so I decided to get involved with an orphanage I had visited called Clouds of Hope. I raised money to support and feed the children. I also took soccer jerseys and other sports equipment back to South Africa.
Q: How long was your hair?
A: In the front, my hair was about 9 inches; however, in the back my hair was almost 12 inches. It went to about halfway down my back!
Q: How long did it take to grow out?
A: About a year and four months. But it took only two minutes to cut it all off!
Q: How did it feel to grow it out for so long and then have it all cut off so quickly?
A: It was more difficult to take care of when it was longer, so it felt really great to cut it all off. I also felt good because I knew I was helping a sick person somewhere out in the world.
Q: Did you get teased for having long hair?
A: For the most part, no. People would sometimes call me a girl or “princess,” but the teasing never bothered me. I figured the teasing doesn't compare to the suffering of someone who loses their hair because of cancer.
Q: What do you want to do next?
A: I want to raise more money for the orphanage Clouds of Hope and maybe grow out my hair again.
Q: Do you think you want to continue with community service work?
A: Yes, definitely! That is what I hope to continue to do for the rest of my life.
When not helping others, Rycroft spends his free time playing soccer, drawing and writing. He has done so much for his 10 years of age. Just imagine how the world would be if there were thousands of kids donating so much of their time to their community and beyond.
— Aija Mayrock is a sophomore at Laguna Blanca School.
Johannesburg – The former South African President Jacob Zuma's son, Edward on Monday defended his father who is facing criminal charges saying he is being victimised for calling for expropriation of land.
He issued a statement on Monday saying his father is being persecuted for fighting the white monopoly capital in the country.
On Friday, the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) said they would charge the former president for corruption, money laundering and racketeering.
He also said the former president is being targeted for speaking out in support of radical economic transformation and expropriation of land without compensation.
Edward said his father was fighting for the poor in the country. He also vowed to defend his father.
Edward challenged the NPA to also charge those who stole the country's wealth and hid it in foreign lands. (Xinhua/NAN)
LONDON: Chelsea boss Antonio Conte insisted he remains the best man to lead the Londoners despite an alarming dip in form from the Premier League champions in his second season in charge.
Wednesday's shock 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth left Chelsea down in fourth, 18 points off runaway league leaders Manchester City, and fighting just to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Conte has also repeatedly voiced his frustrations at his lack of input over the club's transfer policy, further fuelling speculation he won't remain in charge at Stamford Bridge beyond the end of the season.
“I trust in my work and this is the only way that brought me to be one of the best managers,” said Conte, who won three Serie A titles in a glorious three-year spell in charge at Juventus.
“I don't trust in anything else, only in my work and my job.”
Conte labelled his preparations for Wednesday's defeat as “disastrous” as Chelsea finally landed Olivier Giroud from Arsenal as a striking alternative to the injured Alvaro Morata, whilst the out of favour Michy Batshuayi was allowed to join Borussia Dortmund.
However, Conte is wary of throwing Giroud straight into his starting line-up for Monday night's trip to Watford.
“We are working with him and we have to check his physical condition. It won't be easy for him to start against Watford,” added Conte.
AFP
7 Oct, Ilam: The CPN (UML) Ilam District Committee has recommended the names of former Prime Minister Jhalanath Khanal and former Chairman of Constituent Assembly (CA) Subas Nembang for their candidacy in the upcoming elections to the House of Representatives.
Both the leaders were recommended unopposed, UML Ilam District Committee Chairman Ram Rana said. Khanal has been recommended for Ilam Constituency No. 1 while Nembang for Constituency No. 2.
Khanal and Nembang are also the lawmakers from the respective constituencies they are recommended for the forthcoming polls.
Atacatorul a fost arestat, potrivit BFMTV.
#BREAKING: 8 people wounded when a car hit a pizzeria in Seine-et-Marne, near #Paris; driver arrested being investigated - @BFMTV pic.twitter.com/W2AxvUeWR8
Young Warriors hooker Nathaniel Roache is on the slow path to recovery following surgery on a season ending back injury.
The 22-year-old is used to darting out of dummyhalf and catching the opposition defence napping but has only recently got back on his feet after being bedridden over the past three months.
The Warriors 2016 Rookie of the Year made nine appearances last year behind starting hooker Issac Luke, but suffered his latest setback in February, after returning from surgery on a ruptured Achilles that ended his 2017 campaign last August.
It's been a lonely time for the talented No 9, with a walk to the letterbox the highlight of his day, but he hopes to begin jogging later this month and has his sights set on being fully fit for the start of pre-season training in November.
Advertisement
"I'm about three months post-surgery now and still only just going into the club to walk really," Roache told Radio Sport.
"In the next couple of weeks I should be able to have a trot maybe."
Roache's surgery was complicated and he still experiences some pain which he hopes will subside as his strength returns.
Injured Warriors hooker Nathaniel Roache has his sights set on being fully fit for the start of pre-season training in November. Photo / Photosport.
"[The doctors] pretty much did everything they wanted to and fixed most of the problem," he said.
"My understanding is it was a bulged disc, my L5 disc was bulging and hitting my sciatic nerve.
"It was causing a lot of problems down that side so they've scraped off some of that disc and put it back in, so it's going to take a while to come right.
"There's still a bit of pain in there but I think that will go hopefully in the next few months. Now it's just about being patient and doing all the little stuff."
Meanwhile, sidelined second-rower Leivaha Pulu hopes to be back on the field in five weeks as he continues his recovery from a foot injury that has kept him out of action since mid-April.
The 28-year-old made six appearances earlier this season and the Warriors have missed his dynamic running and hard tackling on the left-edge since he went down in the side's first defeat of the season against Brisbane in April.
"I got a Lisfranc injury, a bit of a sprain in the muscle and a broken bone in my foot," Pulu explained.
"I just came out of the cast two weeks ago and am slowly recovering.
"It happened against the Broncos, my tackle technique wasn't right and I just let the fella come through and someone landed on my leg. My toes just went the other way and I just heard a massive click.
"I was just lucky that I only got 10 to 12 weeks off, hopefully."
The Warriors go into this week's bye occupying fifth spot on the NRL ladder, with an eight and four record after 12 rounds.
Pulu is confident the Stephen Kearney coached side can bounce back from last week's 30-10 home defeat to South Sydney when they meet Manly in Christchurch on June 9.
"We have to be more consistent," he said. "We just have to go into this bye week and have a good rest and a good think about our next job against Manly and go from there."
(Recasts lead, adds CEO comments, background)
By Stephen Jewkes
RAVENNA, Italy, March 29 Italy's Eni said on Wednesday it expected that its recent discovery off the coast of Mexico would hold more than the 800 million barrels of oil it originally estimated.
"This is an important find and we've found new layers of good light oil that make us think there's more," Chief Executive Claudio Descalzi said at an oil and gas conference.
Eni said earlier this month it had found "meaningful" reserves of oil off the coast of Mexico after becoming the first international oil company to drill a well in the country after a 2013 reform opening up the sector to investors.
State-controlled Eni, which in recent years has made major gas finds in Mozambique and Egypt, holds one of the best discovery track records in the industry.
Its organic reserve replacement ratio -- a measure of its ability to find hydrocarbons -- stood at 193 percent in 2016 compared to a 35 percent peer average.
"Eni's Zohr discovery is a game changer," Egypt's oil minister Tarek El Molla said on Wednesday, referring to Eni's discovery in Egyptian waters of the biggest gas field ever found in the Mediterranean.
Descalzi said Eni would follow the same strategy in Mexico as it had adopted in Egypt, using infrastructure already in place to help speed up time to market.
He said the discovery, some 6-7 km from the coast, was close to installations owned by Mexico's state-owned oil company Pemex. He added he would speak to Pemex in coming months to discuss using some of their infrastructure in the area.
Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron and Exxon Mobil have recently signaled the oil industry's return to Mexico's deep waters with high bids in a government auction.
Since taking over as Eni CEO in 2014, oil veteran Descalzi has streamlined the company, focusing attention on the upstream job of finding oil and gas.
Asked about the group's retail gas and power business which serves 11 million clients, he said a decision would be taken this year on whether or not to sell all or part of it. "There is a lot of interest from industrial players and funds," he said.
Descalzi, former head of Eni's upstream activity, is set to be re-appointed CEO of Eni in April for a second three-year mandate.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
THE Christmas party night at Restaurante El Alto La Dolores was to raise funds for Elche Children's Home.
Those who attended had a fabulous night with Paula B, but unfortunately numbers were small compared with the usual charity nights at this venue.
Nevertheless, party goers were extremely generous, and included a number of cash donations.
The Mediterranean cruise was won by June Rowley, who promptly auctioned it, to raise further funds. In total, €594 was donated to the Children's Home and will be spent on new bedding, which is much needed.
On Valentine's Night there will be a further Charity Night for Elche Children's Home, and entertainment will be provided by the ever popular soul and Motown Star, Richie Alexander. Tickets will be available soon.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Mention growing your own fruit and veg and almost everyone will tell you how much better home-grown produce is than stuff you can buy in your local supermarket.
And it's true. But the real taste is one of satisfaction in digging up your own potatoes, pulling some fresh young carrots, cutting a lettuce - or even snapping open some fresh pea pods and eating them on the spot.
And this, of course, is the time of year when you can really reap the results of your previous hard work as you harvest the fruits of your labour. And if you haven't done it before, why not put your name down now for an allotment?
While there are waiting lists in some areas, others have vacant plots just waiting to be snapped up.
Some are run by local councils and others by allotment societies and while most have a few site ‘rules', what you decide to grow on your allotment will be down to you.
Traditionally, most people opt for growing staple vegetables such as potatoes, carrots, cabbages, runner beans, beetroot, Brussels sprouts, kale, pumpkins and the like - but there's nothing to stop you from being a bit more adventurous.
And while a greenhouse is useful, it isn't essential even if you want to try your hand at growing non-frostproof plants such as sweet potatoes, cucumbers, melons and peppers. All you have to do is sow early and pray for good weather.
Well, it's not quite all: there's no getting around the fact that cultivating an allotment is hard work. But the secret to success is keeping on top of the weeds which will always grow at a faster rate of knots than anything else.
If you're new to allotmenteering and taking one on now - during National Allotment Week - clearing the weeds will be your first and biggest task.
But if you start with a relatively small clear patch, there's still time during August to sow your first crops. You should still be able at this time of year to sow a quick salad crop: lettuce, spring onions, radishes, lamb's lettuce and the like.
If you're lucky, your plot might still contain the remnants of someone else's previous efforts with apples, pears and autumn raspberries just waiting to be picked.
Once you have gone on and cleared your plot of weeds, you need to dig it over - and make sure it remains weed-free throughout the dormant winter months, or it will be back to square one in no time.
As you plan your action timetable for spring - the gardener's busiest sowing and planting season - there are still many jobs you can tackle. The secret is in always planning ahead.
Peas and broad beans can be sown in October for an earlier crop than those that are grown later in the spring.
There's no need, of course, to limit yourself to fruit and vegetables. Many herbs are surprisingly hardy and will give you a year-round fresh supply. Sage, rosemary and thyme are all a good bet.
Chives not only taste great, but have pretty blue flowers as well - although the plants will die down during the winter months before emerging once more in spring.
And don't forget flowers. Bees, of course, love them and they will help pollinate your vegetables.
Many are quick-growing and can be sown and grown in a single season. Look out for tall-growing sunflowers, ground-trailing nasturtiums and brightly-coloured calendulas - the flowers of the latter two are also edible and will provide a posh touch to your summer salads.
You might even save some money – edible flowers are now all the rage but cost a pretty penny in upmarket supermarkets.
The reputed Packers and Movers Bangalore can make your shifting process simpler, time-savvy and cost-efficient.
End
-- BSL Packers and Movers offertop-notch packing and moving solutions in different cities of India. The agency has it's headquarters located in Chennai and ensures timely delivery of the belongings in good conditions. With a team of skilled movers and packers along with excellent fleet of vehicles for shifting goods, the agency is capable of offering efficient relocation service of any scale. The company has been into the business for past 25 years and the adept professionals can help in the entire shifting process. To know more about their relocation services, one can simply visit their official portal at Bslpackers DOT inIn today's busy world, relocation is one of the tiring and dreadful tasks that people have to come across in their life. During the shifting process, all the valuable goods need to be packed with utmost care, so that they do not get damaged. For ensuring utmost safety of the residential and official belongings during relocation, BSL Packers and Movers provide specialized moving and packing solutions of the highest quality in all conditions. The agency handles all the belongings of the clients with utmost care and safety. The licensed firm has tech-friendly equipment to smoothly handle any packing and moving assignments. All their staffs are highly trained, tested, and certified for safe and secure packing, moving, and loading.The agency always pays utmost emphasis to pack and move the official and residential goods with extreme precaution. For such reasons, they employ experienced crews who can move these belongings with utmost proficiency. The customer support executives of the company are always available to provide a free estimate once receiving the request from the prospective visitors. The firm undertakes the entire responsibility of managing customer's remote relocation task with safety and security benefits. By hiring the adept packers and movers Bangalore, people can easily shift their household or official belongings without any tension or trouble.BSL Packers and Movers is a leading agency of India providing cost-effective relocation services to customers. The company has a vast network of people network in different parts of the country and they have a good experience in this field.ORNew No: 96 / Old No: 55, Govindan Street,Collectorate colony,Aminjikarai – Chennai – 600 029.1800 3000 8999
Titanium Alloy Market Report by Product Type (Ti-6Al-4V, Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo ) by Application /End User (Aerospace Applications, Chemical Industrial Production Plants, Biomedical Applications, Commercial Applications ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Titanium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Titanium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Titanium Alloy (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Titanium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/titanium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Titanium Alloy Market : By Product Type
• Ti-6Al-4V
• Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo
Titanium Alloy Market : End Users/ Applications
• Aerospace Applications
• Chemical Industrial Production Plants
• Biomedical Applications
• Commercial Applications
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/titanium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
(Adds details, background and stock prices)
By Ceyda Caglayan
ISTANBUL, April 10 Turkey's Vestel is in talks to buy the television unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp , a Vestel official said on Monday, a deal that could be worth a few hundred million dollars and could expand the Turkish firm's global presence. "Vestel is in talks with Toshiba," the official said, declining to be identified, when asked by Reuters about a report it was in negotiations to the buy the unit.
Japan's Nikkei newspaper on Saturday said Vestel was a potential bidder for the unit, which it said could fetch a few hundred million dollars. Chinese companies are also among the potential buyers, it said. Toshiba expects to complete the sale by the end of next March, the Nikkei said.
Toshiba, a televisions-to-construction conglomerate, is looking to sell off non-core assets. It expects to book a net loss of about $9 billion for the year that ended in March, due to a writedown related to cost overruns at its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse that recently went bankrupt.
Vestel, a maker of electronics and home appliances, last year signed a five-year agreement with Toshiba, giving it the right to produce and sell televisions under the Toshiba brand in Europe.
Vestel accounts for 85 percent of the televisions and 29 percent of the white goods exported from Turkey.
Shares of Vestel were up 3.2 percent at 7.04 lira at 0725 GMT in Istanbul, while Toshiba shares were up 6.3 percent at 229.7 yen in Tokyo.
(Reporting by David Dolan; Editing by Daren Butler)
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
Ireland's preparations for Saturday's opening Test against Japan have not been ideal, but head coach Joe Schmidt has backed his new-look side to rise to the challenge.
Having landed in Tokyo on Monday after a 20-hour flight from New York, Schmidt's men have had to adapt to a new time zone as well as hot and humid conditions.
Schmidt has made six changes to the side which thrashed the US Eagles 55-19 in New Jersey with Simon Zebo, Andrew Conway, Rory Scannell, Paddy Jackson, Luke McGrath and Dan Leavy all coming into the startling line-up.
“Preparations have been brief, pretty brief,” said Schmidt.
“The work rate in training today was really good because I think the players are very conscious that it is the only training we will get this week, so they wanted to make sure that they got as much clarity and got a bit of rhythm as best they could.
“It wasn't perfect, and it seldom is, but I think we will learn from it and hopefully we will be a little more cohesive by the time we kick off on Saturday.
“Trying to acclimatise has been very difficult. We did have the advantage of playing in very hot temperatures in New Jersey last weekend but by the time we left the hotel on Sunday morning and by the time we arrived here it was Monday night.
“You are very jumbled from the different time zones and so that has taken a toll but it certainly won't be considered anything other than an imposition in the early part of the week and by the end of the week we have to make sure we are ready to go.”
Paddy Jackson, who missed the game against the US Eagles, will start at outhalf and Ulster lock, Kieran Treadwell is named on the bench and could make his Test debut.
Ireland: S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, R Scannell, K Earls; P Jackson, L McGrath; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock, D Leavy, J Conan.
Replacements: J Tracy, D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, K Treadwell, J O'Donoghue, K Marmion, R O'Loughlin, T O'Halloran.
STOCKHOLM: Faced with constant missile and nuclear threats from its belligerent northern neighbor, South Korea is boosting its arms sales and aims to become a major exporter, a study said on Monday.
South Korea's arms industry accounted for 2.2 percent of global top 100 producers' sales in 2016, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) said in a report listing the world's “top 100” military services.
South Korean arms-producing companies' combined sales totaled $8.4 billion (7.1 billion euros) the same year with a 20.6 percent rise in sales compared to 2015, SIPRI added.
“The increasing nuclear weapons capability in North Korea has led to major investments in South Korea,” SIPRI Senior Researcher Pieter Wezeman told Agence France-Presse.
In defiance of repeated international condemnations and sanctions, Pyongyang fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) last week, which reached an altitude of 4,475 kilometers (2,780 miles) before splashing into the sea 950 kilometers (590 miles) east of its launch site, North Korean state media said.
The North, which says it needs nuclear weapons to protect itself from “hostile” US forces, has vowed to accelerate its weapons programs in response to “evil” sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council.
Once a mainly agricultural backwater devastated by war, South Korea has been one of the world's largest importers of military equipment and technology for decades—mostly from the US—but in recent years its domestic sector has grown rapidly.
In the face of North Korean threats, the proportion of government spending that Seoul devotes to defense is among the world's highest outside the Middle East and African conflict zones, according to SIPRI's 2016 figures.
South Korea is turning “to its own arms industry to supply its demand for weapons” and “aiming to realize its goal of becoming a major arms exporter,” SIPRI Senior Researcher Siemon Wezeman said in a statement.
Having gone through a massive industrial development, South Korea is “increasingly using weapons and technology that can compete with what has been supplied by Europe and the US,” according to Pieter Wezeman.
The nation is a top arms producer among emerging countries in the sector, including Brazil, India and Turkey.
‘Persistent regional tensions'
South Korean arms exports, which amounted to $253 million (215 million euros) in 2006, reached $2.5 billion (2.12 billion euros) ten years later, according to official data.
Its missiles, howitzers, submarines and warplanes are particularly popular in Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe and South America.
Seven South Korean arms groups rank among SIPRI's top 100 global arms producers. The first of these, the conglomerate Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI), which developed a supersonic training hunter T-50 Golden Eagle with the American Lockheed Martin, is in 48th place.
The top 100 producers' combined sales totaled $374.8 billion (320 billion euros) last year, up 1.9 percent from 2015. This is the first annual increase after a five-year consecutive decline.
American producers alone accounted for 57.9 percent of the total sales figure ahead of the British (9.6 percent), the Russian (7.1 percent) and the French (5.0 percent).
US companies' arms sales grew by four percent in 2016 at a combined total of $217.2 billion (185 billion euros) and Germany saw a 6.6 percent rise in arms sales for the same year due to demands in Europe, the Middle East, and South East Asia.
SIPRI said growth in arms sales was triggered by “ongoing military operations in several countries and persistent regional tensions that are leading to an increased demand for weapons.” AFP
AFP/CC
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of fans dressed up as their favourite superheroes and comic book crusaders yesterday as they flocked to the NEC to meet stars from film and TV.
Children and adults alike donned costumes from the likes of Star Wars, X-Men or Lord of the Rings.
Among those at the event were Michael Rooker and Sean Gunn from Guardians of the Galaxy, Brianna Hildebrand, from Deadpool, Mark Sheppard, who has appeared in both Supernatural and Battlestar Galactica, and Michael Biehn of Terminator and Aliens fame.
Others included award-winning video game stars Nolan North (The Last Of Us, Con Man) and Troy Baker (The Last Of Us, Bioshock Infinite) along with Overwatch actors Anjali Bhimani, Jonny Cruz, Carolina Ravassa and Fred Tavasciore.
Autographs came at a cost, however.
Headline act Michael Rooker was charging £48 for an autograph and £72 for a photo.
Each year the pop-culture event is held at the NEC in March, followed by a second helping in November.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 Twitter co-founder Ev Williams said on Thursday he is selling a minority of his shares in the social media company, which has been losing ground to Facebook and other fast-growing rivals.
"It actually pains me to be selling at this point, but this sale is all about personal context, not company context," Williams wrote. (Reporting by Noel Randewich)
ATHENSGreece said on Tuesday it expects to wrap up talks with its foreign creditors on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will open the way for the disbursement of vital loans that the country needs to get to repay debt.
Government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos also said it wants an agreement on debt relief by then, the day when Eurogroup finance ministers meet in Brussels.
The Greek parliament will legislate on May 16 new measures agreed with international lenders.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Lefteris Papadimas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Contact
DelveInsight
***@delveinsight.com DelveInsight
End
-- Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma market size in 7MM's is estimated to increase at a CAGR offor the forecasted period (2013-2025), as per the latest report of DelveInsight. CTCL is a group of lympho proliferative disorders characterized by localization of neoplastic T lymphocytes to the skin. Collectively, CTCL is classified as a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the most common type of skin lymphoma. Out of everyskin lymphomas diagnosed, more thanare. They often appear as eczema-like skin rashes and can affect widespread parts of the body. The most common types of CTCL are mycosis fungoides and Sezary syndrome.According toreport,US accounts for the highest incident population as well as annual cost of therapy of CTCL compared to EU5 (Germany, France, Spain, Italy and UK) and Japan. Out of the two sub-types, the incident rate of mycosis fungoides has been increasing significantly since 1970s. There were aboutcases of mycosis fungoides estimated in the United States in 2013, which is estimated to increase at a much higher rate.As per the report, it is estimated that the incident cases of CTCL in US shall increase at a CAGR of, fueling the market size of CTCL in US which is expected to increase at a CAGR ofduring the forecasted period (2013-2025). Many companies are developing drugs for this indication wherein Soligenix, Seattle Genetics, Eisai are leading the market with their products in phase III of development. According to the estimated market size of early stage and late stage CTCL, early stage Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma market size is expected to have a CAGR twice as high as that of the late stage one.The report is built using data and information sourced from proprietary databases, primary and secondary research, and in-house Forecast model analysis. It provides detailed insight about the global pipeline scenario for Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma, products and associated companies information. Complete coverage of pipeline products with detailed clinical profiles, historical and forecasted epidemiological data of CTCL in 7MM's is included to understand all the key market drivers and barriers in the market of CTCL.Reasons to buy:• The report will help develop business strategies by building a thorough understanding of recent market trends that shape up and drive the Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma market.• Insightful reviews of key market drivers and barriers will help the buyer assess the CTCL market intelligently.• Organize sales and marketing efforts by identifying the best opportunities for CTCL in US, Europe (Germany, Spain, Italy, France and United Kingdom) and Japan.• It will help in identifying strong upcoming players in the market, and will also help clients devise strategies to create a competitive edge over these players.For more details Please visit: http://bit.ly/ 2uBEObP
The entire industry knows the equation Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone share with each other; courtesy, their past relationship with Ranbir Kapoor. Well, let's leave that in the past! What's new?
Well, we hear that Katrina Kaif is being considered for playing the female lead in Rohit Shetty's next that stars Ranveer Singh in the lead role.
Here's What It Was Reported.. Earlier it was report by Mumbai Mirror, "Kaif has been meeting various filmmakers in a bid to revive her career post her break-up with Ranbir Kapoor, and, among others, Shetty has been keen to cast her." Ranveer Will Ensure Kat's Career Graph Stays Upwards "If Kaif is signed on, her teaming with Ranveer will be a first. After her already underway films with Salman Khan and Aamir Khan, Ranveer Singh will ensure her career graph only stays upwards." Rohit Shetty Clears The Air However, Rohit Shetty has refuted the rumours of approaching Katrina opposite and said to Pinkvilla, "I am shooting in Hyderabad, I don't know where this story has started coming from. Nobody has been approached for the role as of now." Deepika-Katrina's Past On a related note, Katrina-Deepika's much-hyped cat-fight started when Ranbir Kapoor had ditched Deepika Padukone for Katrina Kaif. Maintaining Distance Since Forever Ever since, Katrina & Deepika have never been on good terms. Be it an award night or party, the duo have always maintained a safe distance from each other. Katrina's Work Front Coming back to Katrina's work front, she was last seen in Jagga Jasoos, opposite her ex-boyfriend, Ranbir Kapoor. But sadly, their film didn't create much buzz like their break-up. Katrina's Next With The Khans She is currently shooting with Salman Khan for Tiger Zinda Hai and have also shot few sequences for Aamir Khan's Thugs Of Hindostan. After a while, she will also kick-start the shoot of Aanand L Rai's next that stars Shahrukh Khan in the lead role. Deepika, On The Other Side On the other side, Deepika Padukone will be next seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmavati, opposite Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor. After she finishes the shoot of Padmavati, she will start focusing on another project, Sapna Didi.
Coming back to Ranveer-Katrina's pairing, what's your thought on the same? Let us know in the comments section below!
Matt Macey: 6 - Keeper barely had anything to do in the first half such was Luton's dominance. Cleared his lines well, although shaky attempt to claim a corner almost gave Pools a way back into the game.
Stephen O'Donnell: 4.5 - One good sliding challenge apart, he struggled badly as his confidence just looks shot to pieces now with supporters audibly on his back. Shanked a few out of play and in the end resorted just going long to clear his lines.
Jack Senior (STAR MAN): 8 - Odd to give a defender the star man after a 3-0 home win, but he was the one who played with real energy and gusto when Town were going through a prolonged lull after taking such an early lead.
Alan Sheehan: 7.5 - Noticeable how determined he was to win his headers throughout the evening, as his aerial dominance meant the visitors struggled to get any decent possession upfront. Another free kick tested the keeper too.
Johnny Mullins: 7 - Preferred to Cuthbert on the night and will have benefitted from the 90 minutes after missing four games due to suspension. Almost caught out once in the second period but apart from that, was comfortable enough.
Glen Rea: 7.5 - Won the midfield battle with ease in the first period as he kept Luton on the front foot. Needs to be careful going forward now as picked up yet another needless booking to move to eight for the season.
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu: 7 - Hundredth appearance for Mpanzu who couldn't quite reach the heights of previous games. Still got about the pitch with real energy though, tracking back whenever it was required.
Lawson D'Ath: 6 - First start at home and one lovely piece of skill and cross flashed across goal. After that though he wasn't ever really involved as much as he might have liked, eventually substituted in the second period.
Luke Gambin: 8 - Wonderful vision to pick out Hylton for the opener and then opened his account with a fine run finish too. Always looking to get on the ball and ability to create something will be crucial.
Danny Hylton: 7 - Goal number 18 for the campaign taken with aplomb and should have had a 19th after doing all the hard work only to blaze over. For once, guilty of maybe trying to do too much, such was the ease with which Luton dominated.
Isaac Vassell: 6.5 - Pace caused Pools issues as he harried the back-line constantly. Came close to adding to his tally for the term, as he saw an angled drive well saved by Fryer.
Jonathan Smith (SUB): 7 - On as Luton were starting to lose their foothold in midfield and added his usual energy to ensure they swiftly regained their authority.
Ollie Palmer (SUB): 7.5 - Perfect replacement for the final 15 minutes as his height and willingness to chase lost causes pushed Hartlepool back. Off the mark for the club too.
Jack Marriott (SUB): 7 - Another game-changer who did just that, allowing Town an easier last quarter. Came close to a goal too, denied by Fryer from range.
To vote for your Hatters MOM, visit our Hatters Microsite.
The following are road closures that are planned for across West Sussex over the next few weeks, to carry out repairs and for building work to take place.
The Street, Albourne, new connection to water main. Road Closure. Feb 20-24
Houghton Bridge, Amberley, access underground BT structure to provide service. Road Closure. Feb 15/16
Roundstone Lane, Angmering, new water connection to new development. Road Closure. Feb 20-24
A24 Ashington Southbound Exit Slip, shington, replace signs. Road Closure. Feb 16
Station Road, Billingshurst, track maintenance. vernight Road Closure. Feb 28 - March 3
Waterloo Square, Bognor Regis, make safe dangerous structure until demolition. Road Closure. Until Feb 24
Lodge Lane, Bolney, new foul water connection. Road Closure. Feb 27 - March 10
Chapel Street, Chichester, access BT underground structure for cabling work. Road Closure. Feb 15 - 17
College Lane, Chichester, installation of full length liner. Road Closure. Feb 20 - 26
Tower Street, Chichester, replace window for Novium Museum. Road Closure. Until Feb 17
West Street, Chichester, access BT underground structure for cabling work. Feb 15 - 17
Whyke Road, Chichester, installation of shared footway, crossing point and footway repair. Road Closure northbound. Until March 3
Blount Avenue, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing (between no.9 and Crossways Avenue). Road Closure. March 1
Crossways Avenue, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing (between no.s 2 and 8). Road Closure. March 1
Halsford Park Road, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing. Road Closure. Feb 28
Heathcote Drive, East Grinstead, Carriageway Resurfacing. Road Closure. Feb 28
Heathcote Drive, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing (between Imberhorne Lane and no.126). Overnight Road Closure. March 2/3
Imberhorne Lane, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing. Overnight Road Closure. March 2/3
Nightingale Close, East Grinstead, carriageway Resurfacing. Road Closure. Feb 27/28
Wroxham Way, Felpham, carriageway Resurfacing (between no.57 and Downview Road). Road Closure. Feb 24
Adsdean Park Road, Funtington, carriageway Patching (between Adsdean Farm and Dunreyth). Road Closure. Feb 22
Graffham Common Road, Graffham, tree works. Road Closure. Feb 27/28
Tipper Lane, Harting, carriageway Patching (between Elstead Road and South Acre). Road Closure. Feb 17
The Broadway, Haywards Heath, lay new gas main, replace services and connections. Road Closure southbound. Until March 31
Fairmile Bottom, Madehurst, major tree and drainage works. Road Closure. Until Feb 17
East Marden Hill, Marden, re-thatch Village Well in centre of small green. Road Closure. Feb 14 - 24
Devils Dyke Road, Newtimber, carriageway Patching. Road Closure. Feb 21
School Lane, North Mundham, new water connection to new development. Road Closure. Feb 20 - 24
Broomers Hill Lane, Pulborough, lift and replace level crossing to allow tamping machine to pass. Overnight Road Closure. Feb 27/28
Brewells Lane, Rogate, carriageway Patching. Road Closure. Feb 16
The Street, Rustington, drainage works. Road Closure. Feb 20 - 24
Lower Beach Road, Shoreham-By-Sea, install sheet pile wall and reinforced concrete capping beam. Road Closure. Until May 30
Star Gap Hard, Shoreham-By-Sea, construction of a flood wall and improvements to slipway. Road Closure. Until May 31
Town Quay, Shoreham-By-Sea, construction of a flood wall and improvements to slipway. Road Closure. Until May 31
Church Lane, Southwater, install foul water sewer and manholes as part of new development. Road Closure. Until April 13
Victoria Road, Southwick, re-route electricity cables. Road Closure. Feb 23 - March 7
Wineham Lane, Twineham, Carriageway Patching (south side of Wineham Bridge). Road Closure. Feb 20
Byfleets Lane, Warnham, installation of laybys and passing places. Road Closure. Feb 27 - May 8
Strood Lane, Warnham, installation of build out at junction, including vegetation clearance. Road Closure. Until March 8
Goring Road South, Worthing, carriageway Patching (in Service Road). Road Closure. Feb 22
Montague Street, Worthing, leak on water main. Road Closure. Feb 22-24
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused him of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of his 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. His new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
De La Salle University's road to reclaim the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) men's basketball crown next season will be more challenging as the Rivero brothers, Prince and Ricci, surprisingly took a leave of absence from the team.
La Salle confirmed on Friday that the Rivero brothers and Brent Paraiso would not be part of the Green Archers squad for Season 81 as the trio “went on leave.”
A statement released by the school through its official Twitter account hinted that that the reason for the leave was the three players' endorsement commitments.
“The DLSU Men's Basketball Team management announces that they have implemented a policy that prohibits players to enter into sponsorship agreements with commercial entities,” the statement said.
“This will allow the players to focus on the games and team practices without any restrictions.”
The school added that the Riveros and Paraiso are still enrolled in the university and are attending their respective classes.
The Manila Times tried to reach La Salle's Office of Sports Development director Nonong Calanong and incoming coach Louie Gonzalez to get their sides on the issue but did not respond to texts and calls.
La Salle is currently in a transition period following the exit of Aldin Ayo to coach the University of Santo Tomas basketball team and the departure of two-time UAAP Most Valuable Player Ben Mbala.
The Green Archers opted not to compete in a pre-season tournament to give Gonzales more time to adjust with his new squad.
Without the Rivero brothers and Paraiso, Gonzalez now has to rely on Kib Montalbo, Andrei Caracut, Santy Santillan and Aljun Melecio in the coming campaign.
Ricci Rivero played a major part in La Salle's runner-up finish in Season 80 as the Mythical Five members averaged 14.1 points and 5.4 rebounds per game. His older brother Prince has an average of 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds per game in a back-up role to Mbala.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Schools across Kansas and Missouri are facing an issue that's also plaguing schools across the country: a shortage of referees.
"It's a lot of fun to see the kids succeed," said Gary Meyer, a high school basketball official. "A lot of kids, you go to places and see them as a freshman and then as a senior, and they better themselves. It's neat to see that. That's the satisfaction I get out of it."
Meyer said he's been officiating basketball games for 12 years. It's a job he said he loves, but it's one that's getting harder to do because of his age and due to unruly parents in the stands.
"You have to have tough skin around all these crowds and everything, with people yelling and screaming different things at you," Meyer said.
Rob Davis is the activities director at Smith-Cotton High School in Sedalia. Several of his duties include training officials and coaches as well as scheduling officials to cover various sports.
But he's aware of the issues many in his position face in recruiting and retaining younger officials.
"There's a part of me that, even though it makes my job difficult, sometimes I understand why folks get out of this," Davis said. "The problem we have is -- you see it at the high school level, but we also see it at the junior high level, and that's where those young guys and gals need to come in and do it in a risk-free environment where they can grow and become better officials. If they are constantly getting berated by our spectators, they aren't going to do it very long."
Jason West of the Missouri State High School Activities Association said the average age of the more 5,500 registered officials is over 50 years old. The combination of aging officials and fewer newcomers to replace them is a recipe for future problems.
"There's a trickle down effect with the officials and the coaches' relationship," he said. "Players, fans see how the coach's are dealing with the officials and how they are communicating back. Once they see there's not the adversarial relationship, that expands and creates a domino effect."
Francine Martin, assistant executive director of the Kansas State High School Association, said 10 years ago KSHSA had 2,150 registered basketball officials. Today, that number is down to 1,804.
Martin said it's a struggle to assign referees for all sports, but recently the organization struggles most with filling spots in soccer, baseball and softball. That's an issue she hopes will resolve with better awareness of how fans and coaches are treating the officials.
Officials, such as Meyer, hope we don't forget why fans are truly attending the games.
"I think the bigger the games, it's exciting, and you hear some things like that. But you've got to realize that the kids aren't responsible for it, and you're there to officiate the kids, and that's what counts the most," he said.
To register to become an official, you can visit kshsaa.org or mshsaa.org and click on the officials tab.
MEXICO CITY: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insisted on Friday (Saturday in Manila) the US and Mexico are bolstering cooperation in the fight against drug trafficking, brushing aside concerns about the impact of his boss Donald Trump's anti-Mexican barbs.
The US-Mexican relationship has been strained by Trump's attacks on Mexican immigrants and the North American Free Trade Agreement—and his insistence on building a border wall.
Critics say he is jeopardizing the US relationship with an ally and neighbor whose cooperation Washington needs on a range of issues, including security.
But as Tillerson kicked off his first major tour of Latin America, he and his Mexican counterpart sought to play down any tensions, focusing instead on fighting what the former oilman turned secretary of state called the “devastating impact” of the international narcotics trade.
“We've created . . . a different approach as to how we cooperate to attack the entire supply chain of this devastating impact of drugs—cocaine, heroin, fentanyl, opioids,” Tillerson said after meeting with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Canada's Chrystia Freeland in Mexico City.
“This is having a horrible effect on American citizens, Mexican citizens, Canadian citizens.”
In October, Trump declared the US opioid crisis a national public health emergency, after overdoses of drugs such as heroin and fentanyl killed more than 40,000 people in 2016.
Videgaray said all three countries had agreed to place “special emphasis” on fighting both the supply and demand side of the problem: the Mexican drug cartels fueling a wave of bloodshed in his country, and the US and Canadian consumption making it a multi-billion-dollar business.
“The paradigm has to be one of cooperation, not blaming each other,” he said.
All good?
Tillerson later met with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, saying they both agreed the two countries' relationship remained strong.
“We have too many things of common interest that we need to be working on to allow anything to get in the way,” Tillerson told US embassy staff after the meeting.
Mexico and Canada's top diplomats also played down tensions, despite Trump's tirades and a recent series of trade disputes between the Washington and Ottawa.
“In many ways the relationship today is more close, it's more fluid, than it was with the previous administration. That might be a surprise for many people, but it's a fact,” Videgaray said.
Freeland said Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau “really get along” and called Tillerson “an incredibly important voice in maintaining the rules-based international order.”
But it was impossible to paper over tensions on certain issues.
Videgaray stayed mum as Tillerson sought to explain Trump's wall proposal and immigration crackdown as part of a shared security push.
Deporting those who lack immigration papers fits into Trump's law and order agenda, even if it is “painful” for some people, Tillerson said.
Videgaray said both that and the wall were internal decisions for the US government.
AFP
The Liege shooter who killed three people including two police officers killed a fourth person the day before the attack, Belgium's interior minister says.
Benjamin Herman, an inmate on a two-day prison furlough, Benjamin Herman, an inmate on a two-day prison furlough, attacked two female police officers from behind with a knife yesterday, stabbed them repeatedly, stole their handguns and shot them as they lay on the ground, officials said.
Crossing the road, he shot to death a 22-year old passenger in a car.
Herman then took a cleaning woman hostage at a nearby school. When police closed in, he ran out onto the sidewalk firing and police fatally shot him. Four officers were wounded.
"He also committed a murder the night before," Interior Minister Jan Jambon told broadcaster RTL.
Jambon said the fourth victim was a former inmate who did prison time with Herman. Herman is alleged to have killed the man on Monday evening by hitting him over the head with a blunt object.
Jambon said an investigation has been launched into the incident, including the circumstances surrounding Herman's release from prison.
Prosecutors said Herman has had several run-ins with police since he was a minor. He has been sentenced on assault, drug and insubordination charges. He left prison early Monday on furlough and should have returned Tuesday evening.
The revelation comes as authorities try to establish whether he acted alone.
He yelled "Allahu akbar," the Arabic phrase for God is great, several times during Tuesday's rampage, including when he ran out to face police the last time, prosecutors said.
Imaankaf Darifa, the hostage, told the Associated Press she tried to keep him away from the children at the school. "I told him: 'you are in a school here, you cannot come in a school, it is not right what you are doing'."
She said that when police ignored her request at the behest of Herman to leave, he threw his identity card out. Then, Darifa said, "he walked out, and I left. Then there were the guns and they killed him."
Prime Minister Charles Michel and King Philippe visited her in hospital, where she was being treated for shock.
"She was very courageous and perhaps, but this we will have to verify, she helped avoid more victims in the school," Interior Minister Jambon said.
The attack has shaken Belgium where police and military have been working overtime to guard public buildings for two years since coordinated suicide attacks on the Brussels airport and subway system killed 32 people and injured hundreds on March 22, 2016.
Belgian federal magistrate Wenke Roggen said Wednesday that the attack was considered "terrorist murder and attempted terrorist murder." She said it's being treated as terrorism given the way Herman acted, which she says resembled Islamic State calls via video to attack police with knives and steal their weapons, the fact that he yelled "Allahu Akbar" and was in contact with radicalized people.
The attack started outside a Liege cafe and Roggen said the attacker went in and out of it a few times after shooting the officers but that people inside had fled or hidden thanks to the quick thinking of the owner. It indicated he was looking for more victims, officials said.
An investigating magistrate specializing in terrorism has ordered autopsies on those killed at the scene and a toxicology examination of the attacker.
Jambon said an investigation has been launched into the incident, including the circumstances surrounding Herman's release from prison.
"It's really an isolated case. He wasn't part of a network, he didn't receive instructions from anyone else, so there is no need to raise the terror threat alert level," Jambon said, adding that investigators have no precise information that any other attacks might be likely.
The police officers have been identified as Soraya Belkacemi, 44, and Lucile Garcia, 54. The passenger in the car was named as Cyril Vangriecken, 22, who was preparing to become a primary school teacher.
Belgian media reports named the man killed before Tuesday's rampage as Michael Wilmet.
In Liege, the mother of Soraya Belkacemi, Bernadette Hennart, kissed a necklace and laid it over flowers at the scene, saying it was important for her and the victim's brother to visit the place where her daughter spent her last moments alive.
Hennart said that they had come "to piece things together. No one has told me very much. Only through the media, and it's not nice. I can't stand watching it. I can't say goodbye to her."
Flags were flying at half-staff on public buildings around the city and people gathered to sign a book of condolences and lay flowers in memory of the victims. The prime minister joined others at the scene in a minute's silence. Police and security officials also assembled in Brussels and Antwerp to mourn the loss of their two colleagues.
DOUBLE FATALITY: Two South Kolan women have lost their lives after a traffic crash on the Bundaberg Gin Gin Rd.
DOUBLE FATALITY: Two South Kolan women have lost their lives after a traffic crash on the Bundaberg Gin Gin Rd. Mikayla Haupt
BUNDABERG police officers are reaching out to witnesses of a horrific double fatality at South Kolan to help them deal with what they saw.
Two women were tragically killed in the head-on crash on Gin Gin Rd about 8pm on January 22.
A Bundaberg police spokeswoman said, while officers were trained to deal with these situations, they were also aware there were a large number of members of the public that came across the scene.
"This would have been extremely traumatic,” she said.
"Local police officers have conducted door-knocks of nearby houses where the crash occurred and offered referrals however we do not have the contact details of those who came across the scene by car.”
Officers are trying to reach out to anyone that is having difficulty in dealing with what they witnessed.
If you are one of these people, you can phone local police who can refer you to its support networks.
For more information, phone Bundaberg Police Station on 4153 9111.
A teenage girl has died after a shark attack near Esperance in South Australia today, reports the Sydney Morning Herald.
The 17-year-old is believed to have been unconscious when she was pulled from the water after the attack occurred at Kelp Beds, approximately three kilometres east of Wylie Bay, Esperance.
The teenager had been surfing at the spot with her father, when the attack occurred shortly before 4pm.
Esperance Police together with St John's Ambulance and Esperance Marine Rescue, rushed to the scene where they treated the young girl on the beach.
She was since taken to Esperance Hospital in a critical condition, but has subsequently died.
The attack is just east of Wylie Bay, the location in which Sean Pollard was attacked by two great white sharks in October 2014. The Bunbury local lost his left arm and right hand in the attack.
Read the full story at Sydney Morning Herald
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Hengtong Opti-Electric Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS CONTRACT TO SET UP NEW ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT JV WITH JAPAN'S FUJIKURA Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2jmBSvb Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 28 State Bank Corp
* State bank corp. Earnings double yoy to $1.43 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, in 1q17; non-performing assets decline to the lowest levels since 2007
* Q1 earnings per share $0.18 excluding items Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
/ Front page / News
This is a one-hour workout that can be done by beginners and those who are shy to go to the gym, Zumba, aerobics or boot camp classes.
* 10 minutes walk and stretch
»» 5 or 10 reps
* 60 minutes fast walk or jog. You can also jog or walk on the spot. Keep your core tight.
* Arms-high partial situp
»» Two sets of 15 or 20 reps
* Glute bridge
»» 3 sets of 15 or 20 reps
* Straight plank and side plank
»» 2 sets of 30 seconds
* Warm down for 10 minutes.
The bridge over San Luis Creek in Avila Beach, California, is about to undergo a seismic retrofit. It is the route to the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant and Port San Luis. The first step is to remove former oil pipelines, Caltrans says.
SEOUL: Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-Hye was on Monday charged with bribery involving millions of dollars over the massive corruption and influence-peddling scandal that brought her down.
Park, whose impeachment was confirmed by Seoul's top court last month, is at the centre of a sprawling graft investigation, which has also implicated top businessmen and brought millions of people onto the streets.
The former leader, already detained at a centre near Seoul, also faces charges of abusing her powers and leaking state secrets, Seoul prosecutors probing the scandal said in a statement.
“We have formally charged Park… with multiple offences including abuse of power, coercion, bribery and leaking state secrets,” they said after wrapping up the months-long investigation.
Park is accused of colluding with her confidante at the heart of the scandal, Choi Soon-sil, who is already on trial for coercing local conglomerates into donating a total of 77.4 billion won ($68 million) to two non-profit foundations.
Choi allegedly used some of the donations for personal gain.
Park is also accused of offering policy favours to top businessmen who enriched Choi, including Samsung heir Lee Jae-Yong who was arrested earlier and is also on trial for bribery.
Prosecutors on Monday also charged Shin Dong-Bin, the chairman of the retail giant Lotte Group, with bribing Choi and Park.
Shin allegedly offered seven billion won ($6.15 million) to a sports foundation linked with Choi in exchange for a policy favour from Park over Lotte's duty-free business.
Park, 65-year-old daughter of the late former dictator Park Chung-Hee, spent nearly two decades living in Seoul's sprawling presidential palace, before the allegations of corruption engulfed her presidency late last year.
The scandal sent her once-bulletproof approval ratings to record lows with millions taking to the streets for months calling for her ouster, though she also had a loyal following from groups of mainly older rival protesters.
Her father is widely revered by aged, conservative South Koreans who benefited from the rapid economic growth under his iron-fisted rule from 1961 to 1979.
Parliament impeached Park last December and she lost her executive privilege — including protection from criminal indictment — last month when the Constitutional Court confirmed her impeachment, sending her into detention.
The scandal also shed light on her questionable, decades-long ties to Choi and Choi's father, a shady religious figure who wielded huge influence on Park from the 1970s until his death in 1994.
Park is accused of leaking state secrets to Choi, a high school graduate with no title or security clearance, and letting her handle a wide range of state affairs including senior nomination.
A number of former presidential aides are on trial for leaking confidential state documents to Choi or helping her handle state affairs allegedly on Park's order.
Park has repeatedly apologised for the upset caused by the scandal but never admitted any wrongdoing, blaming Choi for abusing their friendship.
Her indictment comes as the country kicks off official campaigning for May 9 presidential elections to choose her successor.
Park is the third former leader to be arrested and charged over corruption in Asia's fourth-largest economy long plagued by cozy and corrupt ties between big businesses and regulators.
AFP
Burglars stole a haul of property after climbing through the bathroom window of a flat in Kettering.
The break-in happened in Highfield Road some time between 8.30pm and 10.30pm on Saturday (April 15).
A police spokesman said a television was found near the front door, which had been opened from the inside.
Anyone with information about the incident can call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Hideki Matsuyama bogeyed the first hole to slip one shot behind American Kevin Kisner after the overnight co-leaders finished their first hole of Saturday's third round of the PGA Championship.
World number three Matsuyama, seeking to become the first Japanese male to win a major golf championship, came out of a greenside bunker to within five feet of the cup but needed two putts to get down.
Kisner, looking for his first major title, burned the right edge of the hole with a birdie attempt before tapping in for par.
Australian Jason Day, the 2015 champion, also in the final threesome, parred the first to remain six under par, two strokes behind Kisner.
Tied with Day was American Chris Stroud, who also parred his first.
Moving in the wrong direction was Italian Francesco Molinari, who double-bogeyed the opening hole and bogeyed the second to slide from five-under to two under par.
Also starting the day on five-under was South African Louis Oosthuizen who parred the first two holes, but seemed to hurt himself on a swing standing awkwardly against a tree on the second.
He was carrying on while being attended to by a physio as he walked down the fairway.
Birdies were available in the early going as Friday's rain seemed to have taken some of the fire out of the course, though the greens remained devilishly fast.
Early starter J.B. Holmes posted seven birdies along with three bogeys as he registered a four-under 67 to stand one-over.
As the day wore on the ground firmed up, and the chance of late afternoon thundershowers was in the forecast.
Rickie Fowler, Justin Thomas and England's Paul Casey, who began the round on three-under, all bogeyed the first hole to slip to six shots off the pace.
Jordan Spieth's quest to complete the grand slam was almost certainly over, at least for 12 months.
Starting the day 11 shots adrift, he made three bogeys in his first seven holes and, despite a rebound, he was 12 strokes behind Kisner through 13 holes. (Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Ken Ferris)
BARCELONA: Catalonia's separatist parties have to decide in the coming days whether to set their differences aside and back ousted, exiled leader Carles Puigdemont or seek an alternative.
Unlike other major independence movements in Scotland and Quebec, concentrated in one party, three different groupings make up Catalonia's separatist camp, united in their will to break with Spain but often at odds with each other.
These quarrels burst into the open on Tuesday, when the Catalan parliament's speaker Roger Torrent, a separatist, postponed a vote meant to reinstate ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont.
Alternative candidates are now emerging in the press, even if Puigdemont's Together for Catalonia grouping insists he must make a comeback from self-exile in Belgium after winning big in December elections.
Different strategies
Torrent said he had delayed the crunch parliamentary session to ensure it later went ahead in an “effective” manner after the Constitutional Court imposed restrictions to try and stop the reappointment of Puigdemont, who is wanted for his role in Catalonia's independence drive.
But what really came to light were divergences between the three separatist groupings—Together for Catalonia, Torrent's Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC) and the smaller far-left CUP party.
They are torn over how to go forward after the failure of a unilateral declaration of independence in October, which saw Madrid sack the Catalan government, dissolve its parliament and call snap elections.
ERC wants to calm things down, get an effective regional government in place and try and increase the separatist camp's support base, which is still under 50 percent of Catalans.
Together for Catalonia, though, insist Puigdemont lead the region again after the election results, which saw his grouping come first out of the three separatist parties.
That, however, would lead to yet another showdown with Madrid.
The CUP, meanwhile, wants to kick off civil disobedience.
“The reality is that Esquerra doesn't want to reappoint president Puigdemont and they're going to drag out the situation and look for excuses,” says a high-ranking member of Together for Catalonia, who refuses to be named.
“But they don't dare say so in public.”
The divisions have been used by the opposition, which has asked the separatist camp to propose another candidate.
“The independence movement is broken in two,” Puigdemont's rival Ines Arrimadas, of the anti-independence Ciudadanos party, said Tuesday.
The restitution of Puigdemont is important for many independence supporters unhappy over Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's sacking of him and his cabinet, and the imposition of direct rule on the semi-autonomous region.
On Tuesday, several thousand people protested in Barcelona wearing masks of Puigdemont's face, unhappy with the delay of the parliamentary vote to appoint him.
‘Symbolic' presidency?
But his reappointment is hugely problematic, as any return to Spain will see him arrested.
High-ranking members of ERC have started to hint that Puigdemont should step down, and the separatist leader's resolve, according to private phone messages of his caught on camera, appears to be floundering.
His former vice president Oriol Junqueras, who is currently in jail, suggested in an interview he could be a “symbolic” president from his home in Belgium, with a fully-functioning executive in Barcelona.
Alternative names have started to emerge in the press, such as Elsa Artadi, Puigdemont's campaign manager during the elections, or Eduard Pujol, a former journalist who is close to the separatist leader.
For the moment, though, Together for Catalonia is against any alternative candidate, even if that means political blockage and possibly new elections.
And divisions may heal—at least superficially.
“This won't be the last time we hear that the political movement is dead. But not only is it not dead, it will continue to grow,” warned Torrent.
AFP
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc's shares rose 6 percent on Friday as Wall Street analysts rushed to raise their price targets on the stock after blockbuster results, moving the ecommerce giant closer to a trillion dollar market valuation.
At least 13 brokerages raised their price targets on the stock, highlighting the company's growth potential from rising global Prime subscriptions and a market-leading cloud business.
Analysts at Jefferies, Wedbush and Credit Suisse were the most bullish, boosting their price targets to $1,750. At that price, Amazon stock will be worth about $850 billion.
Apple Inc, the world's most valuable listed company, was worth $861 billion as of Thursday's close.
Amazon's fourth-quarter revenue jumped 38 percent to $60.5 billion on strong holiday sales, and net income more than doubled to $1.86 billion.
The company's revenue has been growing at a scorching pace as shopping has moved online and businesses are shifting their computing operations to the cloud, where Amazon Web Services (AWS) leads the market.
AWS, which competes with Microsoft Corp's Azure and Alphabet Inc's Google Cloud platform, reported a 45 percent rise in revenue to $5.1 billion in the quarter, giving the business an annual run rate of over $20 billion.
“AWS is still adding more incremental dollars than all public cloud competitors combined,” Barclays analyst Ross Sandler said.
The high-margin business, which accounts for a significant chunk of Amazon's operating profit, has been supplying the cash for the company's investments and supporting razor-thin margins in its retail business.
Amazon's earlier investments in warehouses yielded results for the company as lower shipping cost boosted its quarterly operating margin to 3.5 percent - its highest fourth-quarter margin since 2010, analysts said.
The company has been investing heavily on simplifying logistics for retail, creating original shows to keep Prime customers hooked and making its Alexa-based devices more user friendly.
Amazon is also expanding into newer markets such as Australia and Brazil to increase its total addressable market (TAM), and adding more retail categories such as grocery and potentially, healthcare.
“We believe that while margins will be impacted by lumpy investments, Amazon has been building up momentum and expanding the TAM which should continue to drive elevated top line growth in the mid term,” Deutsche Bank Lloyd Walmsley said.
Wall Street analysts are overwhelmingly bullish on the stock with 46 of 50 brokerages rating it “buy” or higher, three “hold” and only one “sell”. Their median price target is $1,580.
Amazon's shares were up $80 at $1,470 in trading before the bell. The stock hit the $1,000-price mark in May in 2017 and have risen 67 percent in the last 12 months. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee, additional reporting Sonam Rai in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
OIL companies will cut prices of gasoline and kerosene this week, but will retain the price of diesel.
Flying V and Seaoil said they would reduce the prices of gasoline and kerosene by 25 centavos per liter and 15 centavos per liter, respectively, effective at 12:01 a.m. on Tuesday.
Eastern Petroleum, Phoenix Petroleum, PTT Philippines, and Pilipinas Shell said they would lower the price of gasoline by 25 centavos per liter, effective at 6 a.m.
Pilipinas Shell will decrease the price of kerosene by 15 centavos per liter, also effective at 6 a.m. on Tuesday. JORDEENE SHEEX LAGARE
FRANKFURT, March 31 Prosecutors in the German city of Cologne are cooperating with Dutch authorities investigating tax fraud and money laundering, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office said on Friday.
"We have launched an investigation against clients of a bank," the spokesman said, declining to identify the lender.
Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second biggest bank, said earlier on Friday local authorities in Amsterdam, Paris and London had visited its offices concerning client tax matters, adding that it was cooperating with the probe.
The Dutch office for financial crimes (FIOD) said on Friday the coordinated raids had been prompted by a tip-off about 55,000 suspect accounts of a Swiss bank. (Reporting by Matthias Inverardi, writing by Edward Taylor; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
Global Grind
Donald Trump definitely has his list of enemies, to say the least. It seems like even dogs are joining the anti-Trump protests.
One rescue dog from Mexico definitely wasn't here for the current commander-in-chief. Check out the Chihuahua's message below.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
THE Philippines' trade deficit widened in October as imports surged twice as fast as exports, the Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA) reported on Tuesday.
Imports in October rose 13.1 percent year-on-year to $8.21 billion while exports grew at a slower pace of 6.6 percent to $5.36 billion.
The total balance of trade in goods amounted to $2.84 billion in October 2017, higher than the $2.22 billion recorded in October 2016, the PSA said in a statement. MAYVELIN U. CARABALLO
YANGON: Myanmar on Saturday denied that there were five mass graves of Rohingya Muslims in a village in crisis-hit Rakhine state, saying that 19 “terrorists” had been killed and buried in the area.
The denial was response to an Associated Press report that used testimony from dozens of Rohingya refugees and time-stamped cell phone videos to describe a massacre by soldiers and at least five previously unreported mass graves in Rakhine's Gu Dar Pyin village.
The Myanmar government's Information Committee said in a statement on its Facebook page that a government inspection team had gone to the village to probe the report and found it to be false.
“The inspection team systematically investigated the AP's report on the Gu Dar Pyin village case, including interviewing villagers, and found it not to be true,” the statement said.
The report, which Agence France-Presse could not independently verify, described grisly violence at the hands of soldiers and Buddhist vigilantes, who allegedly attacked villagers with guns, knives, rocket launchers and grenades before dumping bodies into pits and dousing them with acid.
Satellite images showed a village that has been completely wiped out, with villagers interviewed in refugee camps in Bangladesh claiming that up to 400 people could have been killed, according to the report.
The Information Committee said there had been deadly clashes between security forces and Rohingya militants in the village on August 28 which left 19 “terrorists” dead.
“Nineteen dead terrorists were found… the bodies were buried,” the statement said, without giving details on the location or nature of the graves.
Myanmar troops are accused of waging an ethnic cleansing campaign against the Muslim minority, nearly 700,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since last August.
The army staunchly denies the allegation, saying it is a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels. It blocks media and UN investigators from independently visiting the conflict zone in northern Rakhine.
The severe restrictions on media access imposed by Myanmar make it difficult to verify the flood of testimony gathered from Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh, whose stories have led the UN to accuse Myanmar troops of possible genocide.
This week a spokesman for the UN secretary general said he was “very concerned” about the report of mass graves, adding that it “underscores the need for the UN to have access to Rakhine state.”
Last month the army made a rare admission that four members of the security forces had helped kill 10 Rohingya militant suspects in a different village on September 2 and left their bodies in a hastily dug pit.
Right groups say that incident is the tip of the iceberg.
Doctors Without Borders estimates that at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in the first month of the military crackdown.
The army has put the official death toll of the conflict at 400. AFP
AFP/CC
"Increasing investments, and technological advancements are likely to drive the Global Wearable Medical Devices Market", says RNCOS.
Contact
RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.
G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
***@rncos.com RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
End
-- The popularity of wearable medical devices is increasing since the last few years. These devices are wearable health tools which aid in clinical monitoring of the body vitals beyond hospitals. These wearable medical devices find application in monitoring of heart rate, blood glucose, and blood oxygen levels amongst others. Moreover, these devices can also be used for tracking physical activity, fitness and sleeping patterns of an individual. Their versatility and portability along with the ease of use, appeal to the customers. These devices are also a viable option for providers who want to cut down on in-person visits and physicians who want to remotely monitor their patients. These features of wearable medical devices provide a boost to the growth of their global market.According to our report,the Global Wearable Medical Devices Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 23% from 2016 – 2022. The market segmentations by type of product, by geography, and by application have been mentioned in the report. The global wearable medical devices market has been segmented on the basis of type of product into glucose monitoring devices, insulin pumps, blood pressure monitoring devices, etc. According to the report, the wearable medical devices are used for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.Based on geography, the report divides the market into North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. In 2016, North America is estimated to account for the largest share. Moreover, the report also highlights various mergers and acquisitions taking place in the global wearable medical devices industry.The report also covers the key players of the Global Wearable Medical Devices Market. For every player, a brief business overview and key financials has been provided. The product portfolio and recent developments of each player have also been listed down. Overall, the research contains exhaustive information that will help clients in formulating market strategies and assessing opportunity areas in the Global Wearable Medical Devices Market.For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/ Report/IM873.htm Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/ Healthcare_Industry.htm ABOUT RNCOSRNCOS is a leading industry research and consultancy firm incorporated in 2002. As a pioneer in syndicate market research, our vision is to be a global leader in the industry research space by providing research reports and actionable insights to companies across a range of industries such as Healthcare, IT and Telecom and Retail etc. We offer comprehensive industry research studies, bespoke research and consultancy services to Fortune 1000, Trade associations, and Government agencies worldwide.
No player better personifies the progress of Limerick hurling this season than Cian Lynch. Fitter, faster, stronger, more productive.
Three years ago, on a similarly balmy sunny day in May, a definitely skinner Lynch attended an U-21 hurling event and spoke about his own ambitions with Limerick, partly based on the tales he was born and raised on.
It began with Limerick's famous Munster hurling semi-final win over Clare in 1996, when Lynch was aged about six months, and being held in the arms of his mother Valerie. Clare were defending All-Ireland champions, red-hot favourites, and poised for victory, until Limerick brilliantly triumphed at the death – thanks to the now legendary fetch, run and winning point from captain Ciarán Carey.
So unfolded the slightly less legendary tale of Valerie throwing her infant son into the air, and very nearly missing him on the way down. There was also a perfectly good reason for his mother's enthusiasm, given Carey is her brother.
Lynch is particularly proud of the Carey connection, not just of Ciarán but Pa Carey too, who also starred with Limerick in the 1990s.
Lynch has grown up a lot since then. Later in 2015, he won an All-Ireland U-21 title with Limerick, and added a second last year.
Now aged 22, and not nearly as skinny, he's shifted from the forward line to midfield this year, playing a central role in Limerick's promotion from division 1B, and also in their opening win over Tipperary in the Munster hurling championship first round.
“After losing to Tipp in the league semi-final, it was about bouncing back and getting off to good start in the Munster championship,” he says. “Lucky enough, we got over Tipp but there was nothing won, no medals for it, no Munster championship sorted in one game.
“And you never play a bad Tipp team, and there's no point saying it's a bad Tipp team. We knuckled down and came out on top but I know for a fact that they'll bounce back and they'll be there or thereabouts at the end of the Munster championship and the All-Ireland series. We just backed ourselves and we'll take every game as it comes, like we've been doing all year. Hopefully we can keep going.”
Unbeaten start
Beyond bringing that enthusiasm and some extra kgs to his game (he weighed about 76kg when first joining the senior panel, in 2015, and is up to 85kg now), Lynch has extra confidence too, built over the unbeaten start to the season, which only ended with that league semi-final defeat to Tipp.
“That small piece of belief has maybe been lacking in the last few years. A lot of times we've got carried away by wins. We need to move away from that and focus on every week, which is important in the new championship. We're playing Cork on a Saturday and then Waterford and Clare. There's no point dwelling on the games that are past. It's about looking forward at whatever's coming at you.”
Also graduating from the U-21 teams over the last three years are Richie English, Seán Finn, Diarmuid Byrnes, Gearóid Hegarty, Darragh O'Donovan and Tom Morrissey.
“You'd hope that would be the natural process but it's not always as straightforward as that. Back in the 2000s, we had good U-21s but never really pushed on to winning at senior level. I know we'd a great win last week but things are very open still. We're hoping we can keep it up and keep the confidence going.
“The big aim is to try and win something but it doesn't happen overnight, either. You've to keep that constant flow and constant belief that you are as good as other teams out there. It's not enough to stand back and admire teams; it's about looking up and competing and playing to your best.
“There is a belief there now. If you don't believe in yourself and your team you're not going anywhere. We've 100 per cent belief in ourselves and the management team. That's what it's about – enjoying your hurling too.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs.
Two senior Trump administration officials who briefed reporters at the White House said Trump will also use the "buy American and hire American" order to seek changes in government procurement practices to increase the purchase of American products in federal contracts.
Trump is to sign the order when he visits the world headquarters of Snap-On Inc, a tool manufacturer in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The order is an attempt by Trump to carry out his "America First" campaign pledges to reform U.S. immigration policies and encourage purchases of American products. As he nears the 100-day benchmark of his presidency, Trump has no major legislative achievements to tout but has used executive orders to seek regulatory changes to help the U.S. economy.
The order he will sign on Tuesday will call for "the strict enforcement of all laws governing entry into the United States of labor from abroad for the stated purpose of creating higher wages and higher employment rates for workers in the United States," one of the senior officials said.
It will call on the departments of Labor, Justice, Homeland Security and State to take action to crack down on what the official called "fraud and abuse" in the U.S. immigration system to protect American workers.
The order will call on those four federal departments to propose reforms to ensure H-1B visas are awarded to the most skilled or highest paid applicant.
H-1B visas are intended for foreign nationals in "specialty" occupations that generally require higher education, which according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) includes, but is not limited to, scientists, engineers or computer programmers. The government uses a lottery to award 65,000 visas every year and randomly distributes another 20,000 to graduate student workers.
The number of applications for H-1B visas fell to 199,000 this year from 236,000 in 2016, according U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Companies say they use visas to recruit top talent. More than 15 percent of Facebook Inc's U.S. employees in 2016 used a temporary work visa, according to a Reuters analysis of U.S. Labor Department filings.
But a majority of the visas are awarded to outsourcing firms, sparking criticism by skeptics who say those firms use the visas to fill lower-level information technology jobs. Critics also say the lottery system benefits outsourcing firms that flood the system with mass applications.
The senior official said the end result of how the system currently works is that foreign workers are often brought in at less pay to replace American workers, "violating the principle of the program."
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, Republican Representative Darrell Issa of California and Democratic Representative Zoe Lofgren of California were not immediately available to comment.
Facebook, Microsoft Corp and Apple Inc were also not immediately available after normal business hours.
The order also asks federal agencies to look at how to get rid of loopholes in the government procurement process.
Specifically, the review will take into account whether waivers in free-trade agreements are leading to unfair trade by allowing foreign companies to undercut American companies in the global government procurement market.
"If it turns out America is a net loser because of those free-trade agreement waivers, which apply to almost 60 countries, these waivers may be promptly renegotiated or revoked," the second official said.
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Reuters, Yuri Gripas
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Gianfranco Zola's miserable reign as Birmingham boss came to an end after the Blues slumped into the bottom five of the Sky Bet Championship following a home defeat to Burton.
Zola resigned immediately after the 2-0 loss at St Andrew's which saw Birmingham fall to within three points of the drop zone, while opponents Burton eased their own relegation fears.
The visitors completed the season double over Birmingham thanks to goals in either half from Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins.
Burton's second goal prompted an immediate chant of “we want Zola out” from the disgruntled home fans, and they got their wish soon after full-time with the Italian handing in his notice.
Birmingham had picked up just four points from a possible 27 under the Italian and Monday's display was another poor, disjointed and dejected performance from a demoralised Blues side who slipped ever closer to relegation.
It could have been different, though, if home striker Lukas Jutkiewicz had not missed an open goal in only the fourth minute.
Burton goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin came racing out in an attempt to punch the ball clear only to fail in his objective. The ball fell to Jutkiewicz who, with the goal at his mercy, screwed his shot wide.
The visitors, making their first ever visit to St Andrew's, responded with a chance of their own and it was only a timely intervention by Ryan Shotton which prevented Dyer hitting the target.
Burton lost McLaughlin in the 29th minute when he was injured after David Davis fell on top of him, with Stephen Bywater taking his place.
That injury was a setback for the Brewers but within seven minutes they were celebrating after capitalising on some poor play in midfield to break through and score.
Goalkeeper Tomasz Kuszczak bravely blocked Luke Varney's shot only for the much-travelled Dyer — who had a loan spell with Birmingham two years ago — to convert the rebound from close range.
To add injury to insult Kuszczak picked up a knock in that incident and failed to reappear for the second half.
His spot was taken by Adam Legzdins, who had only been on the pitch for seven minutes when Burton made it 2-0.
The visitors dominated play at the start of the second half and were rewarded when, following a corner on the right, Akins scored on the turn from inside the six-yard box.
That prompted the Birmingham fans to vent their anger, but the result could have been even more chastening in the end as Varney hit the post late on for Burton, who claimed their first win in four matches.
For Birmingham, the result leaves them worryingly close to the bottom three and with only three matches for Zola's replacement to turn things round — starting with Sunday's trip to Aston Villa.
Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving (95) runs up the field during OTA's at the Star in Frisco on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Last week, Garrett said Irving was working himself back into shape.
"Don't anticipate him doing anything today," head coach Jason Garrett said briefly.
But for the second practice open to the media - each of the last two Wednesdays - Irving was nowhere to be seen around the Star at Frisco.
Dallas held its fifth practice of OTAs on Wednesday, with some veterans including defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence assigned rest days.
FRISCO - Cowboys defensive lineman David Irving still has not returned to offseason activities.
In between, Irving tallied seven sacks and 22 tackles in eight games. He deflected six balls as well, tipping Kirk Cousins passes to set up an interception in each of Dallas' wins over Washington.
Irving has been productive in the 27 games he's played for Dallas the last three seasons. But he began the 2017 season with a four-game suspension for violating the league's performance-enhancing drugs policy and missed the final four games with a concussion.
"You'd love to have him [here], no question," Marinelli said after practice. "But the guys who are here I'm going all out. They deserve that."
Defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli said the team is in "wait and see" mode.
"He's too big of a talent not to be on the field," Tyrone Crawford said. "Once all of that [off field] is figured out, he'll be good to go."
In April, Irving was under investigation by Frisco police for domestic violence allegations. His longtime girlfriend Angela Sanchez had also hacked his Twitter account saying she had "evidence video pictures audio" to back up accusations against Irving of domestic violence. Sanchez released a statement later that day recanting her claims. Police confirmed they closed Irving's case with no further investigation in early May.
The Cowboys placed a second-round tender worth $2.91 million on him this spring, which will make Irving an unrestricted free agent next offseason.
Crawford doesn't anticipate the time away hurting Irving's production.
"That's what they thought about David last year [when he was suspended] as well," Crawford said. "He came back in shape and some of the best shape of his life, I guess, according to him. It showed.
"We're lucky to have him."
Second-year lineman Taco Charlton said teammates are in touch with Irving and supporting him as he takes time to "handle some things in life internally."
They know what Irving can do on the field, Charlton said.
"Seven sacks in eight games is tough in the NFL," Charlton said. "He's a person who can definitely affect games with his skillset and how big he is."
First, Irving needs to return. The Cowboys have one more week of OTAs next week before a mandatory minicamp June 12-14.
Players report to training camp in Southern California in late July.
Will a talent like Irving - 6-7 with a 7-3 wingspan - struggle to live up to his potential if he keeps missing practices?
"I'll never comment on what ifs," Marinelli said. "To see a crystal ball - 95 percent of the time I'm wrong because I'm positive."
Twitter: @JoriEpstein
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa attacker Jack Grealish will look to remain at Villa Park this summer - regardless of which division the club finds itself in.
Boyhood Villan Grealish had been linked with a move to Villa's Midlands rivals Leicester City this past week, and an offer of £20m was mentioned.
Addressing the media before the trip to (and ultimate victory over) Ipswich, manager Steve Bruce laughed off the suggestion of selling the playmaker at such a price, and suggested that Villa would only even consider fees in the region of double that.
“I saw Leicester for £20m. That money now gets you a Harry Maguire, who played 30 times for Hull,” Bruce said at his press conference on Friday.
“Sam Clucas was £20m. No disrespect to them - I have had them - but how you can have Jack at that price?
“Jordan Henderson was £19m when I sold him to Liverpool from Sunderland eight years ago.
“You would have to double that to think about even blinking. Reports are going to be reports.
“I am going to have it all summer, I would think. I am delighted Jack is getting recognition for what he is doing on the pitch.
“But I think I can safely say £20m would not buy his right leg at the moment, that is for sure.”
It appears, though, that Grealish isn't particularly interested in leaving anytime soon anyway.
The Villa fan has enjoyed regular game time this season and a period of consistency as regards to management has allowed him to flourish.
Villa's league status next term still remains in the balance - while automatic promotion is now unlikely after Cardiff saw off Nottingham Forest on Saturday evening, the play-offs still represents a good opportunity of a return to the Premier League.
The Sunday People, though, are reporting that a decision on his future based on league status isn't coming into Grealish's thinking.
The 22-year-old still has two years to run on the contract he signed in September 2016.
Hanging up the boots?
Gabby Agbonlahor is considering retiring from football this summer when his Aston Villa contract expires.
That's according to the Sun , who claim that the attacker is thinking of hanging up his boots amid a range of offers to continue playing.
Agbonlahor, still only 31, has scored 86 goals for the claret and blues in just shy of 400 appearances since he broke through in 2006.
Manager Steve Bruce has confirmed recently that Agbonlahor will not be handed a new contract, regardless of which division Villa are in next season.
“I think it's time,” Bruce said of Agbonlahor's contract situation, at the end of last month. “I had a conversation with him about six weeks ago. I think it's time for Gabby to move on.
“I have to say that in the last month or so he's trained like a beast. I think the time is probably right. The question for Gabby is: what's he going to do next? He's probably been institutionalised by the club, he's been a wonderful servant.
“Yes, he's had a few down moments but he's had a lot of ups. If you look at the first 10 years of his career here he's a young lad playing up front for England, playing week in week out in the big league, he's been a good player that's for sure.
“I wish him the best of luck. He's been very, very good for me here. It's a shame he's picked up two bad injuries which has set him back.”
The forward is thought to be the target of a number of MLS clubs, who could offer a possibility of revitalising his career in the States.
But retirement, even at just 31, is reportedly in his thinking too.
Agbonlahor hasn't featured Villa, largely because of injury, since December. He's scored once this season, in the opening day draw against Hull.
He won't be alone in heading for the exit door this summer - the futures of Alan Hutton, John Terry, Ross McCormack and Micah Richards are all to come under consideration in the close season.
ABC Radio(LOS ANGELES) — Nick Jonas, successful recording artist-turned co-star of the smash Jumanji reboot, and Quantico star Priyanka Chopra are an item, a source tells Us Weekly.
“They are dating and it's brand new,” says the insider, adding, “It's a good match and they are both interested in each other.”
The report follows multiple sightings of the 25-year-old “Jealous” singer and the 35-year-old Bollywood superstar-turned ABC TV spy together over the Memorial Day weekend.
On Friday, Jonas and Chopra were spotted attending the Beauty and the Beast Live concert at the Hollywood Bowl, according to another concertgoer who tells the magazine, “They walked in together just before the performance was starting. They looked great together, but no hand-holding or obvious PDA.”
“The two were seen heading to the concessions stand during intermission before returning to their seats to finish taking in the show,” the eyewitness continues. “They snuck out right as the show was ending.”
Then on Saturday, the pair reportedly attended a Los Angeles Dodgers game, according to a source who saw them “talking really closely” and that they were “very smiley and very happy.”
“They weren't trying to be private as they were in a pretty public place, but they were talking to people around them, sitting closely and they both just seemed super happy,” adds the onlooker.
When questioned by Jimmy Kimmel on arriving at the Met Gala with Jonas last year, Chopra told the Jimmy Kimmel Live! host, “Yeah, we were on the same table and we already know each other. So he was like ‘Hey, you wanna go together?' And I was like, ‘Yeah, OK, let's go together.' It ended up working out.”
Jonas dated model Olivia Culpo for about two years, before calling it quits in 2015. He's also been linked to Kate Hudson, Westworld actress Angela Sarafyan and model Georgia Fowler.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
—
Singer­–songwriter Carol Lloyd has died in Brisbane's Wesley Hospital.
The performer and long-time mentor to young singers had been in the hospital after a long illness. She was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis in 2013.
Her death was confirmed on Monday by her producer and manager Troy Armstrong.
Armstrong said he had no doubt Lloyd would be remembered as a legend in Australian music.
“She was a trailblazer. That 70s rock era was definitely a bloke's world,” he said.
Queensland Music Festival director Katie Noonan described Lloyd last year as the “mother figure” of the Brisbane music scene.
“She has paved the way for countless women in Brisbane, in Queensland, in Australia and around the world as well,” said Noonan.
“She was the first Australian wild woman of rock and she's from suburban Brisbane and that's an amazing story to celebrate.
“She smashed down the walls and paved the way for women like myself.”
Through Lloyd's career she was associated with Railroad Gin and later her own band. She toured with bands including AC/DC, Suzi Quatro, Billy Thorpe, Skyhooks, Daddy Cool, and the Little River Band.
In September last year, Lloyd was featured in a photographic essay book by Queensland College of Art photography lecturer Heather Faulkner, telling her story as a gay woman in Queensland during the conservative Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen years.
“I never felt it was necessary to make any statement,” the singer said. “It was pretty obvious what I was.
“I was a sweaty, in-your-face rock singer, singing about taking women to bed. I came out wearing sequins on my nipples and not much else, with a fur cape.”
Faulkner said Lloyd was a true heroine.
“She was a champion of lesbian and gay rights since she first started singing, and it was her voice that sang for everyone in Queensland who found themselves on the outside of the narrow conventions of Queensland society in the Joh era,” she said.
Lloyd described the gay community of 1970s Brisbane as “a family”. She spoke of the 379 Club in George Street, where the Campaign Against Moral Persecution (CAMP) group began.
“We looked after each other. We liked each other. It was a place where you could party, where you could safely bring new people into the scene,” she said.
In a media release, Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk expressed her sadness at Lloyd's passing.
The government will be supporting the Carol Lloyd Award, which will be presented to an emerging female singer–songwriter from Queensland. The inaugural winner will be announced at Queensland Music Festival launch this year.
Seventeen street vendors have been arrested following confusion that ensured last evening during an operation of removing street vendors from the streets in the central business area in Chipata.
Police were forced to use tear gas canister to disperse the unruly street vendors, who resorted to throwing stones at vehicles, which were being used by officers from the council, Zambia Police and DEC, Drug Enforcement Commission.
And speaking during today's cholera update meeting, Director of Legal Affairs Lynn Galapa confirmed that 17 street vendors had been picked during the confusion.
She says that fifteen of the vendors are male while two are female adding that the number of those in custody has increased to twenty.
Ms. Galapa adds that the vendors who were caught selling on the street and that those who were throwing stones will be dealt with in accordance with the law.
She says that the vendors will be released after 48 hours because they cannot be kept for longer than that period.
Ms. Galapa however, says that the vendors will be dragged to court after the fast truck court starts operating.
The Director of Legal says the council in partnership with the Zambia Police, DEC and the Immigration Department will continue patrolling the district to ensure that there is compliance.
Local Hero and Role Model Honored With Most Valuable Father Award
1 2 Brian Person on Bus with Students Going to Tallahassee Brian Person Most Valuable Father Award Winner
Contact
Holly Zwerling, President & CEO
Fatherhood Task Force of South Florida
***@fatherhoodtfsf.org
Photos:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633779/1
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633779/2 Holly Zwerling, President & CEOFatherhood Task Force of South Florida
End
-- Brain Person has been given the April 2017 Most Valuable Father Award from the Fatherhood Task Force of South Florida announced Holly Zwerling, President and CEO. Person, a community-based Big Brother for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Miami for twenty years, was the thirteenth of fourteen children and grew up in Miami, Florida. Being near the bottom of the birth order, he believes that he was fortunate to have been impacted by twelve siblings in their own special way. Although neither of his parents completed high school, he is confident that his father was the wisest and most insightful person that he has ever met. "I am certain that I had the best family that anyone could imagine, and the greatest parents ever," he said proudly.As a parent of two sons, ages thirty-four and twenty, Person has experienced many challenges. His eldest son, Jared, a former member of the US Navy, experienced a near fatal accident in 2005 while on active duty. "At a certain point, that experience, more than any other, helped me understand what it means to be a father," Person recalled. Although his son sustained burns over his body and face, miraculously, he did not loose his eyesight. Jared proudly obtained his Bachelor's Degree in Film Production in 2016, has completed a few short projects, and is also the father of a ten-year old daughter. His youngest son, Adrian, will begin classes at Tallahassee Community College in Fall 2017. A certified scuba diver, Adrian loves the outdoors and may pursue a career as a park ranger.Person added, "While raising my sons, I was conscious that nothing boosted their self-confidence and self-esteem like unexpected praise. A card of encouragement placed on their pillow or a pat on the back. But, I believe, the most effective way to raise self-esteem, especially in males, is for them to hear you speak highly of them to other people."Being involved as a mentor gives Person the opportunity to see and interact with a variety of children's talents and abilities. It has allowed him the opportunity to participate in the development of those unique talents and abilities. "I love being in the presence of young children and adolescents. It is an experience that never gets old," he said. "I cannot describe the feeling of joy I get when I receive calls from young adults that I've worked with in the past who are now in college or working in their chosen profession."Person travelled to the Florida State House with the Fatherhood Task Force and high school students during Children's Week. Remembering the trip, he said, "I wanted to use my power as a father to show legislators that fathers' voices matter in determining education and health matters. It was critical to influence their perception of the important role fathers play in children's lives and recognize that I personify a positive father-figure for all children."It's Person's expectation to revive the village, invest time and effort into the village, and make it a living entity. He wants to empower other fathers, grandfathers and male role models by encouraging them to come together often. It is his goal to help them realize that they are now the "village elders" and their past experiences could positively change the life of a young person forever. He believes that at this place in time, he is here to effect change, and play a part in the development of a new generation of young women and men who will make this world into what it should be.About the Fatherhood Task Force of South Florida (www.ftfsf.org):An advocacy organization with national influence, the Fatherhood Task Force of South Florida's mission is to facilitate the involvement of Fathers in children's lives by developing and promoting programs for fathers, grandfathers, uncles and male mentors related to all stages of parenthood. Their Fatherhood Reading Squad trains and prepares Fathers from all walks of life to go into classrooms to read, tell stories and mentor Pre-K - 3rd grade students.The criteria for the Most Valuable Father Award are for fathers and male role models to be involved in children's lives; support, nurture, interact in their education and activities and be a role model for positive values by guiding and supporting them physically, socially and emotionally. Holly Zwerling, LMFT, LCSW,Founder, President & CEO, Fatherhood Task Force of South Florida (Holly@fatherhoodtfsf.org), 305.812.4000(www.ftfsf.org)
Toshiba's talks to sell its chips business to a consortium led by Bain Capital hit an impasse over the timing of payments for the business and governance issues, according to people familiar with the matter, casting doubt on the company's ability to complete a deal quickly.
The Bain group wants to make cash payments after Toshiba resolves a legal dispute with partner Western Digital, while Toshiba wants the money earlier, said the people, asking not to be named because the matter is private.
Toshiba president Satoshi Tsunakawa said last week the company would hold talks with other possible acquirers because it hadn't been able to reach final terms with the the Bain group, which had been designated the preferred bidder, without explaining the reasons. After a multi-billion writedown in its US nuclear business, Toshiba needs to complete the chip unit sale by March or face delisting from the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The Japanese icon is preparing for delisting even as it tries several strategies to complete the chip sale in time, the people said. On one hand, the company is putting pressure on Western Digital to withdraw its complaint, threatening to cut off access to future chip production the US company needs. On the other, Toshiba is considering alternative bidders such as Foxconn Technology Group, which had earlier expressed interest in the business, the people said.
Tsunakawa, who had originally said he planned to have a definitive agreement by June, said during a press conference after earnings last week that the company wants to avoid delisting.
“The basic motivation for staying listed is that we do not want to inconvenience our shareholders and investors,” he said. “When it comes to delisting, we also need to consider the negative impact it would have on broader markets.”
He added that Toshiba remains open to cooperation with Western Digital if the two companies can find common ground. Toshiba needs to reach final deal terms by late August or early September to be able to close the sale by March, after antitrust and other government reviews, the people said.
A spokeswoman for Toshiba didn't return calls seeking comment. Bain declined to comment.
The Bain group includes government-backed Innovation Network of Japan and Development Bank of Japan, as well as SK Hynix. The consortium offered 2.1 trillion yen ($19 billion) for the chips unit, people with knowledge of the matter have said. Another sticking point however is Hynix's role in the bid: the South Korean company is providing debt for the bid, but wants to be able to take an equity stake in the future, the people said. That's a problem for Toshiba because such terms may subject the offer to an antitrust review and possible opposition from the Japanese government, the people said.
The dispute between Toshiba and Western Digital has turned ferocious in recent weeks.
The US company has asserted that as a partner in the chips business it has rights in any sale, while Toshiba contends it does not. Western Digital has filed for arbitration in California, a process that threatens to delay the chip sale and force Toshiba's delisting. Toshiba, in turn, has sued Western Digital for more than $1 billion in damages.
Toshiba is selling its prized semiconductor business, which makes storage chips for everything from iPhones to data centers, to pay for a devastating foray into the US nuclear business. The company had to take the multi-billion writedown because of project delays and cost overuns at its Westinghouse Electric unit. The business has filed for bankruptcy in the US
On Thursday, Toshiba reported a 965.7 billion yen net loss for the year ended March 31st and forecast 230 billion yen in net income for the current fiscal year. The company's auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata, gave a qualified endorsement of the figures, a milestone for the company that has been on a watchlist for possible expulsion from the Tokyo Stock Exchange since September 2015.
-(Bloomberg)
Video will play in
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Water main burst on Newhall Street on Easter Sund
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As if the second city derby wasn't big enough already.
Birmingham City have appointed Harry Redknapp as their new boss - football's very own Mr Motivator.
There is no doubt that the arrival of Redknapp and his number two, Steve Cotterill, will give Blues a huge boost.
Will it be a big enough boost to get a result at Villa Park?
Will it be too big a game?
Is the mess too big for Redknapp to sort out in time for the game?
Watch the video above to see what the Villa fans had to say.
Below you can see what the Blues fans said...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa are lining up a move for Feyenoord's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, reports the Sunday People.
Steve Bruce is planning to bolster his goalkeeping department in the summer and has reportedly sent Tony Coton to watch Jones in action recently.
Jones, 36, has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord as their No.1 having been an understudy throughout his career.
Here's what you need to know about him.
The details
Position: Goalkeeper
Age: 36
Height: 6 ft 4 1⁄2 in
Nationality: Australian
Where did it all begin?
Born in 1982 in Western Australia to English parents, Jones attended John Curtin Senior High School, graduating in 1998.
He then signed for local side Bayswater City SC before being spotted by Middlesbrough.
Where did he go next?
Moving to Middlesbrough to play in the club's youth system, Jones signed his first professional contract in 1999.
Staying at Boro for over a decade, Jones often played on loan at a succession of lower league clubs: Stockport, Rotherham United, Blackpool and Sheffield Wednesday.
Kop calling
Jones then earned a move to Liverpool which saw the Anfield club part with £2.3m to secure his signature.
He made only two appearances for the Reds in his first season but after a loan at Derby County, enjoyed more game time for the club particularly in cup competitions.
On the move again
A short spell at Bradford City followed before Jones headed to Holland to sign for Nijmegen.
He made 17 appearances for then signed for Feyenoord in 2016.
How has he fared this season?
He's kept nine clean sheets in 31 appearances this season as Feyenoord sit fifth in the Eredivisie table.
When does his contract expire?
He signed a contract extension with Feyenoord in May which extended his current deal until the summer of 2019.
What next?
Bruce has always maintained current goalkeeper Sam Johnstone remains his first choice long term custodian for Villa, but his situation is one of uncertainty.
If Villa are promoted to the Premier League then they should be able to fund a deal to bring Johnstone to Villa Park from Manchester United permanently.
If they don't go up, however, a deal for Johnstone becomes difficult.
In the meantime, Bruce and his scouting staff will continue to come up with contingency plans in the eventuality of each scenario.
More Villa news
“We've lost more games in five days than we have previously in three months," said Steve Bruce - and he's right, writes Gregg Evans.
Well almost.
Two back to back defeats at home to Queens Park Rangers and away at Bolton Wanderers have damaged Villa's push for automatic promotion.
Prior to these five days from hell, Villa had only lost once since the Boxing Day setback at Brentford - almost three months ago - and that was a loss at Fulham last month.
All of which points to the fact that Bruce's team have picked the worst possible time to stutter.
Bruce is refusing to give up on the push for automatic promotion but admits a five-day horror-show has left Wolves and Cardiff City firmly in the driving seat.
Defeat at Bolton saw Aston Villa lose further ground on the leaders while Cardiff City can extend their lead in second place to ten points with victory at Derby County on Sunday.
But experienced Bruce is refusing to be too downbeat despite labelling this week as disastrous.
“We've had a horrible five days," he said.
“We'll have to recover, still eight games to go, still all to play for, but we've certainly given the initiative to the others.
“In my experience, there's still a few twists and turns.
“April is huge - that's the defining month.”
Asked specifically if he feels the automatic promotion race is still on, Bruce said: “Well, look we've lost two in three days and other teams are capable of that.
“As I've said repeatedly, we need to win our games and we haven't.
“We've had a wonderful opportunity against QPR and Bolton - no disrespect to either of them - but we haven't taken anything from either of them.
“In that respect we deserve to be where we are.”
Bruce blamed the weather conditions for Villa's wobble here.
He felt that Bolton handled the occasion better than his side and claimed his troops were unable to play their own game as the snow battered down on the surface and the wind ripped around the arena.
“It was very difficult," he continued. “When it's like that it becomes a real leveller.
“They put it forward and played very simply.
“It ended up one of those frustrating nights where we're all hugely disappointed.
“The goal was soft, but they adapted to the conditions better.
“Our wide players couldn't run with the ball and we couldn't play our football.
“But I don't want to make excuses. We weren't good enough, even though we had very decent opportunities through Hogan, Grabban and late on (with Bree) when the goalkeeper made a great save."
- As noted, a new series titled WWE Marquee Matches will premiere on the WWE Network tonight at 11pm EST and two more episodes will premiere on Wednesday and Thursday. Above is a preview for tonight's premiere with host Charly Caruso.
- Batista will be appearing on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live tonight with other cast members from Marvel's "Avengers: Infinity War" movie.
- Last night's RAW saw Curtis Axel and Bo Dallas lose to Finn Balor and WWE Intercontinental Champion Seth Rollins after trying to join up with Balor and Rollins now that The Miz has been sent to SmackDown. Bray Wyatt took to Twitter after RAW and tweeted the following to Dallas and Axel, inviting them to join he and Matt Hardy. It's worth noting that Axel and Dallas used The Miz's theme and are still being called The Miztourage. Wyatt wrote the following to his brother and Axel:
April 6 Chaparral Energy Inc:
* Chaparral Energy announces 2016 year end financial and operational results
* Chaparral Energy Inc - total company production guidance for 2017 is between 8.2 and 8.6 mmboe
* Chaparral Energy Inc - capital budget for 2017 will be $135 - $155 million, the majority of which will be dedicated to developing its stack position
* Chaparral Energy Inc - expects its total loe/boe costs, including both its e&p and eor business units, to be between $10.50 and $11.00 in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A private security company hired to keep people safe in downtown Minneapolis for Super Bowl events has been fired.
WCCO-TV has learned EPG Security of Minneapolis provided security for Super Bowl LIVE on Nicollet Mall.
But sources tell us that contract came to an end after there was a failure to disclose that at least one of EPG's workers had a felony record.
Last month, EPG announced online it would be working for large-scale winter events, including Red Bull Crashed Ice and Super Bowl LIVE.
But that webpage has since been removed.
WCCO stopped by EPG's Minneapolis headquarters Friday, where their owner Erik Bergling told us he has no comment.
EPG later released this statement: “Due to the nature of our work, and the security services we provide, we are not at liberty to comment on changing security strategies and assignments.”
The private security company has been in business since 2007.
The Super Bowl Host Committee would not disclose any details of the contract with EPG, only saying in their own statement: “Safety and security is and always has been our top priority. We don't comment on the security measures in place except to say that all efforts are part of an integrated, multi-layered partnership with all levels of law enforcement. We are confident that the security measures in place are appropriate and effective.”
This news comes months after Monterrey Security, the primary security agency for U.S. Bank Stadium, also lost their contract.
An investigation showed that Monterrey did not properly train their employees and had inadequate background checks.
Several people sustained injuries as the explosion took place during the office peak hours.The suspected bomber who had wires attached to him was armed with a pipe bomb and a battery pack, sources told New York Post, according to which he was taken into custody after the device partially detonated.Fox News also reported the same.The device went off and there was a person strapped with a bomb, it said.The suspect is reported to have sustained minor injury.President Donald Trump was briefed on the New York explosion, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said.Earlier, the New York Police Department tweeted that it was responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, Manhattan.The place is New York Port Authority, a busy bus terminal. It also has metro stations."The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time," the NYPD had said, adding that the information is preliminary.The New York Fire Department received call around 7.19 a.m."I was exiting the Port Authority and the National Guard was running towards something shouting 'Go, Go, Go'," commuter Keith Woodfin tweeted, according to New York Daily News.Designer Chelsea LaSalle tweeted that she was "stuck in a running stampede at port authority bus terminal due to bomb scare. copsMore details are awaited.
A mountain lion was injured Tuesday night when it was struck by a vehicle on Highway 101 in the Gaviota area, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Shortly after 8:30 p.m., CHP dispatchers were advised that a vehicle had hit the cougar in the area of Gaviota State Beach Road.
There were three occupants in the Volvo that struck the mountain lion, but they were unhurt, the CHP said.
The vehicle sustained moderate front-end damage, the CHP said.
The mountain lion ended up on the right-hand shoulder, but it was unknown how badly it was injured.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Contact
Amanda Dawson
***@daws.com Amanda Dawson
End
-- Experts from cut-e, the international assessment specialist, will present sessions on gamification and the 'dark triad' of personality in the workplace, at the EAWOP 2017 congress (17-20 May, Dublin, Ireland).cut-e is the gold sponsor of the event, which has been organised by the European Association of Work and Organizational Psychology to showcase newThe four-day event will highlight new challenges and emerging opportunities for enablingkeynote lectures, workshops, symposia, presentations, poster sessions and debates.Richard Justenhoven and Nora Nienhaus from cut-e will present a symposium - with Lara Montefiori of Arctic Shores and Tim Warszta from Westcoast University of Applied Sciences - entitled(Thursday 18 May, 3.00-4.00pm in the Elan Theatre of University College Dublin's O'Brien Centre for Science)."Our symposium will examine the latest research evidence around gamification and the difference between gamified assessments - which are proven psychometric instruments that have been customised with game elements to make them more engaging - and game-based assessments, which are purpose-built games which psychometrically assess behaviour," said Richard Justenhoven. "We'll provide a conceptual framework for gamification, which has been lacking to date, and we'll explore how gamified and game-based assessments can be used alongside traditional psychometric assessments in selection and development."Serena Murphy from cut-e will present a poster session on contextual performance, investigating the relationship between the 'dark triad' of personality and workplace deviance. "The 'dark triad' comprises three personality traits: narcissism, psychopathy and Machiavellianism,"she explained. "People who show these traits typically have an emotionally cold and manipulative interpersonal style. We'll be looking at the impact of this in the workplace."Mary Ridge, Head of Professional Services for cut-e in Ireland, said: "We're proud to sponsor this prestigious event and we're very honoured to be presenting two important and interesting sessions. EAWOP 2017 is an opportunity for researchers, experts and practitioners in work and organisational psychology to share their experiences and discuss the latest issues and emerging trends. Our sessions will present new thinking around gamification and workplace behaviour and they'll examine the practical implications for selecting and developing the right employees and for creating the right culture in organisations."The EAWOP 2017 congress will be held at University College Dublin's O'Reilly Hall and O'Brien Centre for Science on 17-20 May. Register online at www.eawop2017.org/ registration As EAWOP's gold sponsor, cut-e will host a drinks reception and a debate on the smart use of big data in HR, in which industry experts will air their views. This free event will be held at the Odessa Club, 13 Dame Court, Dublin, on Thursday 18 May, 8.00pm-10.00pm.For further information about the debate or about cut-e's participation at EAWOP, please call +353-91 842-203 or visit www.cut-e.com/ eawop2017 Founded in 2002, cut-e (pronounced 'cute') provides online tests, questionnaires and gamified assessments for attraction, selection, talent management and development, in 70 countries and 40 languages.
A research study titled, “Thick Film Resistors Market by product and application – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Thick Film Resistors Market has encountered significant development in the recent years and is anticipated to grow tremendously over the forecast period. The technology of thick film permits high resistance values to be imprinted on cylindrical or flat substrates. High values can be obtained and High Voltage can be applied to thick film products with slight change in value of resistance. Numerous thick film resistors are printed by using a serpentine example. This pattern helps with reducing inductance and is favoured in applications with steady frequencies. A resistor is various segments which come in wide range of sizes, resistance values, types and shapes and these diverse sorts of resistors are used in various applications.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/SE06962
Thick Film Resistors Market -Segmentation
The Thick Film Resistors Market is segmented on the basis of product and end user. Based on product the market is segmented into Small Power Type, Medium Power Type and High Power Type. Based on end user the market is segmented into Consumer Electronics and Medical Electronics. The consumer electronics segment commands the market as it is one of the most common applications of thick film resistors.
Thick Film Resistors Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Ohmite Holding L.L.C, Shenzhen Yingfa Electronics, KOA Speer Electronics Inc, Panasonic, Yageo, Vishay Intertechnology, Bourns Inc, TT Electronics and Viking Tech. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
Asia Pacific is anticipated to dominate the thick film resistor market among other regions, as thick film resistors is one of the major component used in various application particularly in consumer electronics. These end-use applications are in heavy demand in Asia-Pacific region.
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys, estimates and for developing forecast. Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study. Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets, while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings. We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/SE06962
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
The Bull DJs make a Christmas classic more modern. And, yes, some of us can't sing very well. We know…
The post 12 Days Of Christmas appeared first on 98.7 The Bull.
UNITED NATIONS, United States: North Korea is flouting sanctions by exporting coal, iron, steel and other banned commodities, earning nearly $200 million in revenue last year, a UN report said Friday (Saturday in Manila).
A UN panel of experts also found evidence of military cooperation by North Korea to develop Syria's chemical weapons programs and to provide Myanmar with ballistic missiles.
North Korea “continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions, generating nearly $200 million in revenue between January and September 2017,” said the report by the experts seen by Agence France-Presse.
Coal shipments were delivered to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam by ships using “a combination of multiple evasion techniques, routes and deceptive tactics,” said the report.
The Security Council last year adopted a series of resolutions to tighten and expand exports bans aimed at cutting off revenue to North Korea's military programs.
The United States led the push for tough economic sanctions after North Korea's sixth nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile launches that raised fears that the US mainland could soon be within reach.
Seven ships have been barred from ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers, but the experts said much more must be done to confront “these rampant illicit activities.”
The panel found that North Korea “is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries, and the international banking system.”
Arming Syria, Myanmar
Syria and Myanmar are continuing cooperation with North Korea's KOMID corporation, the country's main arms exporter, which is on a UN sanctions blacklist, the report said.
The panel uncovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments from North Korea between 2012 and 2017 to front companies for Syria's Scientific Studies Research Council, also known as CERS, a key institute for Syria's chemical program.
The investigations reveal “substantial new evidence” concerning Pyongyang's military cooperation with Damascus, including at least three visits by North Korean technicians to Syria in 2016.
A visit by a North Korean technical delegation in August 2016 involved the “transfer of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programs,” said the report.
A member-state that was not named told the panel that North Korean “technicians continue to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzei, Adra and Hama” in Syria, said the report.
Syria however told the panel that there were no North Korean technicians in its territory and that the only experts it was hosting from the country were involved in sports.
A member-state, which was not named, also notified the panel that Myanmar had received “ballistic missile systems from (North Korea) in addition to a range of conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launches and surface-to air missiles.”
North Korean diplomats, in particular trade representatives, continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organize exchanges for military technicians, it said.
While sanctions have been significantly broadened, this “expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will” to implement the measures, the experts said.
The panel of experts said 2018 offered a “critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security.”
Polyol Esters Market: Overview
Polyol esters are a form of esters formed by the esterification of fatty acids. The term 'polyol esters' is an acronym for neopentyl polyol esters, which are obtained by the reaction of monobasic acids such as HNO3 and HCl along with polyhedric alcohols which have neopentyl structure. Polyol esters are named after the alcohol which is utilized as its starting material. Polyol esters are known to be highly stable compounds due to their chemical structure. Their high thermal stability enables these compounds to be employed in applications which involve high temperatures.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polyol-esters-market.html
Polyol esters possess more ester groups as compared to diesters, increasing their viscosity, which makes them suitable to be utilized in lubricants. Their increased viscosity coupled with superior thermal stability make them a perfect substitute for various diesters, specifically in the field of lubricants. Various forms of polyol esters are available, as various acids can be reacted to obtain polyol esters having different length of fatty acid chains. Common types of polyol esters include trimethylolpropanes (TMPs), pentaerythritols (PEs), neopentyl glycols (NPGs), and di-pentaerythritols (DiPEs).
Polyol Esters Market: Market Trends
Polyol esters are employed extensively in jet engine lubricants. Polyol esters are being utilized in this field for the last 40 years. No other compound has been used as its substitute since it would affect the lubricity, and this is likely to eventually hamper the working of the component. Polyol esters are employed along with Polyalphaolefin (PAO) Synthetic Oils in passenger car motor oils. Polyol esters are utilized as synthetic refrigeration lubricants in industries. Other applications of polyol esters include fire resistant transformer, high temperature grease, textile lubricants, and fire resistant hydraulic fluids.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24059
Superior qualities of polyol esters such as thermal stability, high lubricity, and better viscosity makes them a sought-after compound. Rise in population in developing countries and their demand for better transport facilities and automotive sector are key factors driving the expansion of the market of polyol esters. Furthermore, the simultaneous expansion of the automotive industry is anticipated to increase the demand for polyol esters as lubricants in the near future, which is projected to boost the expansion of the market in the near future. However, higher price tag of polyol esters as compared to other diesters may prove to be a major restraint for the market of polyol esters in the near future
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Essential points to know about Mystery Shopping of HS Brands
CustomerExperience4- 26- 2016
Media Contact
bd@hsbrandsasia.com
08041317136
***@hsbrandsasia.com bd@hsbrandsasia.com08041317136
End
-- According to Forbes 2015, it has been found that by the year 2020, which is not so far, it'sthat will stand out as a major brand differentiators from the conventional ones like products and price. It is therefore pretty much important for every brand or company to focus on the level of customer experience they're providing .Moreover, they need a means through which they can ink an exact picture of the experiences of their customers.Furthermore, another reliable survey noted that near about 86 percent of the buyers are likely to shell out more for receiving better customer experience. However, just 1 percent of the customers think that the service providers or vendors will be able to live up to their expectations. In this context, mystery shopping services offered byare impressively effective when it comes to fathoming the performance and consistency level of a company, as far as, delivering products and services to their customers are concerned.Let's take a look at 5 of the main reasons whyis an effective means of measuring customer experience –Seamless delivery of products and services are some of the most important things for a business. However, you cannot make it a key differentiating factor. What actually can evaluate the level ofare interactions with your customers, the personal touches you render and all the little moments. With HS Brands', you will be able to look into these tiny interactions as well as moments and find the intensity of their impact and operationalize them to grow your business.Secret shoppers scrutinize shopping experience altogether. It includes – Ambience, Salesmanship, Intuitiveness,, integrity checks, price checks, etc. It is really crucial that you have a real-time idea of how your retail store or the point of sale (POS) looks like when you are not there.Conducting mystery audits at your own shops is not enough; you need to exercise it at your competitors' den as well. It provides you with a better insight into where do you stand in the competition. Whether you are already an established brand or a new entrant, HS Brands, being theand brand protection service provider in India and Asia helps you with your individual needs.Brands should always be associated with quality and values. In fact, every brand wants this. In order to achieve the same, your buyers need to recognize all such feel-good factors via your products, services, establishments and of course, your team.will help you know, whether or not your buyers are getting the same brand image you want them to see.With effective mystery shopping services by a noted company like, you can acquire real-time knowledge, improve and grow your business efficiently. That's because, you have direct access to all the relevant information about your brand. This in turn will help you take informed decisions to steer your business on the right path with an optimum speed.For More details Visit : http://hsbrands.com/ hsbrandsasia/
MANILA: Quake-prone countries around the Pacific Ocean Wednesday began a joint exercise testing their ability to deliver timely warnings of approaching tsunamis to tens of millions of people living along the coast.
The annual “Pacific Wave” exercise is taking place in a region where nearly eight in 10 of the world's tsunamis—giant waves usually caused by underwater earthquakes—occur, the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization said.
Though no actual evacuations will be conducted during the three days of drills, civil defense offices will rehearse the relaying of tsunami warnings for large quakes off the coasts of Chile and Peru, Colombia and Ecuador, the Philippines, the Solomon Islands, Tonga and Vanuatu.
The warnings will be sent to the participants by tsunami monitoring centers in Hawaii, Japan, and, for the first time, China.
“This is very important for us because it allows us to receive advance warnings of tsunamis long before they arrive,” seismologist Rommel Grutas of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology told Agence France-Presse in Manila.
Grutas said one scenario involved a movement of the Manila Trench, a large and unstable undersea rift that runs the length of the Philippine archipelago and which triggers at least one minor earthquake each month.
A large movement of the trench launched a quake and a tsunami on Manila Bay and nearby areas in the 1800s, he added.
Grutas said only his agency was involved this year because the government's civil defense office was busy addressing the fallout from a 6.5-magnitude quake that killed at least six people on the large southern island of Mindanao last week.
UNESCO said its Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission set up a Pacific tsunami warning system to address the recurring threat in 1965, after a tsunami hit the coasts of Chile, Hawaii, Japan, and the Philippines, killing 224 people.
About 76 percent of the world's deadly tsunamis take place in the Pacific Ocean and connected seas, with one destructive local tsunami striking every year or two and an ocean-wide tsunami hitting the region per century, it added.
The Pacific features the so-called “Ring of Fire”, a horseshoe-shaped string of volcanoes and areas of seismic activity lining the rim of the ocean. AFP
AFP/CC
Some lucky Youtuber stumbled upon this old dude, in his car, absolutely rocking out to Metallica. Grandpa goes hard, nonstop headbanging. Doesn't matter who's watching. He's a proud metal head, letting all the passing cars know what he's all about.
This guy is living proof that you can rock out at any age, We salute you grandpa, keep on rockin'! Just drive safe, ok?
Via Mashable
March 31 Kingboard Chemical Holdings Ltd
* Refers to cash offer by religare capital markets corporate finance for all the issued and paid-up ordinary shares of kingboard copper foil
* Offer price of s$0.40 in cash per share is final and the offeror will not be revising the offer price Source (bit.ly/2ogmO2G) Further company coverage:
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
Japan airlines is one the largest airlines of Japan which cover more than 90+ destinations to various country. Japan airlines are very popular for its low cost travelling features
Contact
isupport
***@isupportnumber.com isupport
End
-- Japan airlines provide three kinds of cabin classes like First class, Business class and Economy class. Passengers feel amazing travelling comfort in every cabin class. It is one of the demand-able airlines among the passengers since it proffer world class travelling experience.Japan airlines provide online ticket booking facilities to the all passengers. Are you thinking to spend your holidays with your friends or family on your favorite place but confused about the booking procedure of flight tickets? Then don't think too much about that and go through the below steps:· First of all, open a web browser on your computer or phone and then go to the official Japan airlines website.· Enter your departure city and arrival city.· Now enter the date of departure.· Enter the quantity of passengers and choose your cabin class.· Now click on the Search tab and then you will see the list of available flights.· Choose a specific flight and complete the payment process via credit or debit card.· Now you will receive your flight ticket on your registered email ID.Are you facing any difficulty while booking your flight ticket with the above steps? Then dial Japan airlines reservations phone number and obtain specific information on your queries from the service executives. You can easily book or cancel your flight ticket with the help of these service representatives. So don't go here and there, just contact on these numbers and get instant help. You can dial these numbers at 24/7 hours from all over the world.
Officials at the Pompeii archaeological site have announced a dramatic new discovery, the skeleton of a man crushed by an enormous stone while trying to flee the explosion of Mt. Vesuvius in 79 A.D.
The legs of a skeleton emerge from the ground beneath a large rock believed to have crushed the victim's bust during the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius in A.D. 79. Source: Associated Press
Pompeii officials released a photograph yesterday showing the skeleton protruding from beneath a large block of stone that may have been a door jamb that had been "violently thrown by the volcanic cloud."
The victim, who was over 30, had his thorax crushed. Archaeologists have not found the victim's head. Officials said the man suffered an infection of the tibia, which may have caused walking difficulties, impeding his escape.
Anthropologist Valeria Amoretti works with a brush on a skeleton of a victim of the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius in A.D. 79. Source: Associated Press
SHANGHAI, March 28 China Southern Airlines Co Ltd's Hong Kong-listed shares jumped by more than 2.5 pct in opening trade after the company said it would sell a stake to a subsidiary of American Airlines
The carrier's mainland shares also rose by more than 4 percent after announcing the deal, which would make American Airlines the second U.S. carrier to own part of a Chinese airline after Delta Air Lines Inc. (Reporting by Brenda Goh and John Ruwitch; Editing by Stephen Coates)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Bitcoin's in a world of pain, again.
The biggest cryptocurrency has renewed its flirtation with the US$7,000 (NZ$10,000) price level. The slide has helped to also send other digital assets into retreat, with Ethereum, Ripple and Litecoin all lower on Wednesday.
Since failing to regain the psychologically important US$10,000 level on May 4, it has closed lower in New York in 12 out of 17 sessions. The hype surrounding last year's hottest asset class have faded in 2018, with fewer online searches and more pressure for regulators, with technical analysts saying the decline replicates the pattern seen following the collapse of the Mt Gox exchange four years ago.
"The emotions are no different from the last time this happened, it's just a different set of people going through it," said Paul Day, a technical analyst and head of futures and options at Market Securities Dubai Ltd. "We could go down a long, long way."
Advertisement
Bitcoin on Friday dropped below its average over the previous 252 days, roughly equal to the number of trading days in a year. This could mean that the next leg lower is already underway, with the price heading for $2,800 by the end of the year, Day said.
- Bloomberg
April 3 Delcath Systems Inc
* Delcath says anticipates cash remaining in controlled accounts, after close of April 2 repurchase agreements, to be able to fund operating activities through 2017 end Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Attacks on Western cities prompt insurers to adapt
* New policies hard to price, insurers want to keep market share
WAR TIME: Pte Matthew Hampson with James and Charlotte Hampson circa 1914-1918. Photo courtesy of Picture Bundaberg.
WAR TIME: Pte Matthew Hampson with James and Charlotte Hampson circa 1914-1918. Photo courtesy of Picture Bundaberg.
BUNDABERG district residents joined in the world-wide rejoicing after Armistice Day heralded an end to four years of hostilities.
Official news that the war had ended with Germany's surrender at 11am on November 11 reached Bundaberg the next day.
Reverend Canon Beasley quickly held a brief Thanksgiving service and, despite the short notice, the ChristChurch was filled by a reverent congregation.
Among them were many who mourned the loss of near and dear ones.
The Reverend Beasley called for true peace and goodwill and urged everyone to banish all thoughts of animosity and to shake hands.
"There is joy today. Let it be perfect joy, peace and amity,” he said.
In the November 13 editorial, the Mail said the ugly monster of German militarism had threatened to enslave the world by brute force.
"They have been beaten to their knees and now have to pay for their devilish work,” it said.
Germany had been humbled and posterity would proudly look back on the splendid achievement of Great Britain and her gallant Allies.
Civilisation had triumphed, thanks to the gallant arms of the Allies, and fortified by knowledge of right and justice.
"Such a tremendous accomplishment deserves all the public recognition possible. Let us not hold back in our celebrations,” the paper said.
The celebrations continued for several weeks, with a monster fete at Alexandra Park on November 21 and culminated in a major demonstration in Bundaberg on November 30 and 31.
IT buyers seeking a data warehouse often compare Oracle's Exadata system with Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Vertica system, according to IT Central Station, an online community where IT managers review enterprise products. And both systems have their fans.
Exadata users like the "smart scan" feature, which offloads intensive SQL workloads to the storage servers, for example. Vertica users like the product's columnar storage, which makes "hot data" available faster than does a traditional database, according to one data scientist in the community.
But users also say the systems have room for improvement. Oracle's product needs a better patching process, for example, and HPE Vertica's documentation "still has a long way to go," according to user reviews at IT Central Station.
IT Central Station has produced a 68-page report that compares the two rival systems, based on commentary written by enterprise users about the strengths and weaknesses of each product.
Register to download the report, "User Reviews of Oracle Exadata and HPE Vertica," to read detailed user reviews about these rival products.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
BAHADURGARH, India (AP) — Wearing nothing but loincloths, a group of boys warms up by climbing sturdy ropes that take them high into the trees. One teenager walks around the wrestling pit swirling incense, blessing the arena and preparing it for battle.
On this November evening, as the dusk thickens and the bugs venture out, a couple of dozen young devotees of kushti, the ancient Indian style of wrestling, have gathered to face off. They range in age from 10 to 16. The earth in the pit has been prepared as it has been for centuries, turned over and mixed with sawdust, turmeric and ghee, or clarified butter. It's mildly fragrant and soft to the touch, making it easier on the wrestlers' skin.
These devotees, or pehelwans, have made a commitment that extends beyond the hours they spend practicing each morning and evening. They live an ascetic lifestyle, eating specific foods like almond milkshakes and chapattis slathered with ghee. They don't eat meat and refrain from smoking, drinking and dating.
The sport, thought to be 2,000 years old, is mentioned in ancient Hindu texts and depicted in temple carvings. Although women wrestlers have made strides recently in India, the vast majority of participants are men.
Advertisement
But like many traditions in a country that's rapidly modernizing, kushti wrestling faces the threat of being left behind. It remains popular in states like Haryana, where these pehelwans are training. For many poor families, wrestling provides a glimmer of hope. Those who succeed can earn money, respect in their communities and even particular jobs. They're often employed by the police force or India's railways.
Fifteen-year-old Ankur Bharadwaj says it's his dream to win an Olympic medal, like his idol Sushil Kumar, who has won two Olympic medals for India in freestyle wrestling. Bharadwag says he gets up at 4 a.m. and jogs to the wrestling pit before going to school.
"Hard work makes a man perfect," he says. "That's why we are practicing so regularly. There are no breaks if you want to be a wrestler."
Inside the pit, Bharadwaj and the other wrestlers rub their hands with the earth and toss it over their bodies. Under the watchful eye of their coach, they lock arms with their opponents, lunging for their legs as they try to flip them onto their backs and into submission.
The boys aspire to be accepted into an akhada, a kind of wrestling hostel where they're given a bed and can devote themselves to the sport fulltime if they choose. Akhadas come with shrines to the Hindu god Hanuman, who is seen as a kind of patron saint to the sport.
At dawn at a small akhada in the suburbs of Delhi, a man circles the arena dragging a thick piece of wood to smooth the earth. Another crushes almonds with a large mortar and pestle. A poster on the gate advertises a local wrestling bout with a first-place prize of about $3,000. The gate swings open and a cow noses its way inside, breaking into a trot when the wrestlers try to shoo it away.
Coach Hemand Kumar, 35, says wrestling has always been his passion. Even before he started at age 10, he would get up before dawn and watch his father wrestle. The boys who take it up are saved from "the nonsense" of the streets, he says. But he worries about the sport's future in a country with a rapidly rising middle class.
"The rich kids, they don't want to do it," he says. "Those people who don't have the money, they're interested. But they don't have the resources."
Jai Prakash, a former Olympic wrestler who is president of the Delhi Amateur Wrestling Association, says it's getting more difficult to find the land needed to set up new akhadas. And unlike the nation's most popular sport of cricket, he says, it's tough to find sponsors for kushti.
"Wrestling bouts in villages used to be like the festival season, with a joyous mood and crowds celebrating victories of their favorite wrestlers," he says.
Still, he's upbeat about the future of the sport, which is also known as pehlwani. He says wrestling authorities want to make kushti a part of some international wrestling competitions, something he hopes might begin next year.
At the renowned Guru Hanuman Akhara in Delhi there are about 25 resident pehelwans, most of them hulking men in their 20s and early 30s. Some train with giant clubs that they swing behind their backs. Others grab a rope that's threaded through a pulley and haul into the air a bucket that's filled with concrete.
Sitting in a chair watching the men practice is Naveen Mor, who has won a number of international wrestling fixtures, including a gold medal at the 2011 World Police and Fire Games in New York. He says his wrestling prowess helped him land a job with the Haryana state police, where he works as an inspector.
Like many Indian wrestlers, Mor started in the pit and later became proficient wrestling on a mat, which provides the standard arena for most international bouts.
He says his first love remains the pit, where bouts can sometimes last an hour until somebody finally gives up.
As he cuts back on competitions and does more coaching, Mor says he still follows the strict dietary rules of kushti, although he is more relaxed about other rules and has recently gotten married.
He says he doesn't regret dedicating his youth to the sport.
"No working. No shopping," he says with a grin. "Only wrestling, wrestling, wrestling. My life is wrestling. I love wrestling."
___
Associated Press writer Ashok Sharma in New Delhi contributed to this report.
US President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Monday, Feb. 13, 2017.
Washington: US President Donald Trump on Monday called for “reciprocal” trade with Canada and to build bridges of commerce across the border, but nevertheless vowed to “tweak” the bilateral relationship.
Coming into Monday's meeting with visiting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, trade was one of the main topics on the agenda, and the new Republican leader certainly seemed to tone down his previously harsh rhetoric.
“America is deeply fortunate to have a neighbour like Canada,” Trump told a joint press conference with Trudeau at his side, hailing the opportunity to “build even more bridges” of commerce.
“We understand that both of our countries are stronger when we join forces in matters of international commerce,” Trump said.
But he nevertheless pledged changes were on the horizon.
“We have a very outstanding trade relationship with Canada. We will be tweaking it. We will be doing certain things that are going to benefit both of our countries.”
For his part, Trudeau said the two nations — who with Mexico make up the North American Free Trade Agreement — “will always remain each other's most essential partner.”
“Today's conversations have served to reinforce how important that is for both Canadians and Americans,” he added.
Throughout his campaign and since his November election, Trump has voiced his determination to put “America first” and rip up Nafta, which he has said is a “catastrophe” for American jobs.
Renegotiating Nafta will not be simple and Trudeau, a fervent supporter of free trade, has emphasized the importance of the tripartite pact for his country's economy and warned against protectionism.
Trump has not been specific on how he wants the negotiations to develop.
“When we sit down as we did today and as our teams will be doing in the weeks and months to come, we will be talking about how we can continue to create good jobs for our citizens on both sides of the border,” Trudeau said.
The economic ties between America and its northern neighbor, who share the world's longest common border, run deep: three-quarters of Canada's exports go to the US, and Canada is the top destination for exports from about 30 US states.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amazon Prime Day is coming - and it's chance to grab a bargain.
Prime Day sales in 2017 exceeded those for Black Friday and Cyber Monday to become the online retailer's biggest global shopping event ever, with record sales for Echo, Fire tablets and Kindle devices.
More than five million items were snapped up in the UK on Prime Day 2017.
The most popuiar purchase was the Amazon Echo .
One of the fastest Amazon Prime Now deliveries last year was an Amazon Echo which was ordered at 2.46pm, sent out from Amazon's Erdington delivery station in Birmingham and delivered at 3pm to a postcode in Sutton Coldfield, taking just 14 minutes and 8 seconds from click to delivery.
So what's on offer for 2018? When is Amazon Prime Day this year and what can you get?
What is the date of Amazon Prime Day 2018?
Amazon has announced that Prime Day 2018 will see a day and a half of deals starting on Monday, July 16.
Prime Day will kick off at midday British Summer Time on July 16 and run until midnight on July 17.
That's 36 hours total, the longest Prime event yet. In 2017, it had been extended from 24 to 30 hours and this year it's been stretched even further.
What are the deals?
(Image: AP)
Every day leading up to Amazon Prime Day , members will discover exclusive offers. We'll bring you updates as soon as they are announced.
The following start today (July 4):
Prime Video – Prime members can get up to 50% off great movies and TV to rent or buy on Prime Video from 3rd to 17th July, including Spider-Man Homecoming, Baywatch, Despicable Me 3, Handmaid's Tale, Suits and Line of Duty.
Prime Video Channels – From 3rd to 17th of July, Prime members can subscribe to some of their favourite TV channels and get 3 months subscription at no extra cost. With no contract needed, Prime members can subscribe to Discovery, Shudder, MGM and BFI Player and stream a range of popular TV shows and movies.
Amazon Music – Prime members who haven't yet tried Amazon Music Unlimited can get four months of the premium, on-demand service with access to tens of millions of songs and hands free listening, for just 99p (usually £7.99 a month or £79 a year for Prime members).
Twitch Prime – Members can enjoy hundreds of hours of free gameplay as Twitch Prime gives away a free PC game every day through July 18, including titles like Pillars of Eternity and Brutal Legend. Members will also receive exclusive in-game loot for Warframe and PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS.
Kindle Unlimited – Eligible Prime members can get three months of unlimited reading for no extra cost with a Kindle Unlimited membership.
Prime Exclusive Deals of the Day will start from Monday, July 9, with one new deal each day until July 16.
How do I take part? What's the cost of membership and do you get same-day delivery?
(Image: PA)
You need to be a member of the Amazon Prime service.
It costs £79 a year or £7.99 a month, with a 30-day free trial during which you can cancel without any charge.
Amazon Prime Day - the facts and figures Amazon Prime Day sales in 2017 exceeded those for Black Friday and Cyber Monday to become the online retailer's biggest global shopping event ever. It was the biggest ever sales event for Amazon devices, with record numbers of Echo assistants, Fire tablets and Kindle devices sold across the world. Over five million items were purchased in the UK on Prime Day 2017. More new members joined Prime on the day in 2017 than on any single day in Amazon history. Tens of millions of Prime members made a purchase on Prime Day 2017, more than 50 per cent higher than the previous year. There were hundreds of thousands of deals with the most popuiar purchase being the Amazon Echo. The new Element 55-inch 4K Ultra HD smart LED TV (Amazon Fire TV Edition) was the best-selling television, selling record numbers in less than four hours. And the UK's top seller, excluding Amazon devices, was the TP-Link Wi-Fi Smart Plug that works with Alexa and Sony Playstation 4. Other top sellers were the Oral-B Smart Series Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush with Bluetooth Connectivity, Bosch Cordless Combi Drill and the Sony Playstation 4. Brits snapped up 309,000 toys, tens of thousands of consoles, 45,000 headphones, 52,000 kitchen items, 62,000 skincare creams, 25,000 nailcare sets, 37,000 power tools, 31,000 fitness items, 32,000 toothbrushes and 60,000 tents. One of the fastest Amazon Prime Now deliveries last year was an Amazon Echo which was ordered at 2.46pm, sent out from Amazon's Erdington delivery station in Birmingham and delivered at 3pm to a postcode in Sutton Coldfield, taking just 14 minutes and 8 seconds from click to delivery.
Prime offers unlimited One-Day Delivery on millions of items across all categories, plus unlimited Same-Day Delivery on more than a million items in London, Surrey, Berkshire, Birmingham, Bristol, Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, Milton Keynes, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.
You also get same-day delivery slots with Prime Now at no extra charge between 8am and 10pm across more than 30 per cent of the UK population in selected postcodes in Birmingham, Glasgow, Hertfordshire, Manchester, Newcastle, Leeds, Liverpool, London, Portsmouth, Surrey and South Yorkshire.
UK members also get unlimited access to movies and TV episodes with Prime Video, unlimited access to over 2 million songs with Prime Music, access to Audible Channels for Prime, unlimited access to thousands of books and magazine with Prime Reading, unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos, access to Twitch Prime, early access to select Lightning Deals, one free pre-released book a month with Amazon First Reads and more.
How to get the best bargains
Amazon is adding six more hours to shop and 40 per cent more Spotlight Deals in the UK. Tips on getting the most out of Amazon Prime Day include:
Watch A Deal – The Amazon App allows early deal watching in every country. This is the easiest way to preview, track and shop those limited time lightning deals while at home or on-the-go with deal alerts on the Amazon App. Learn more at amazon.co.uk/watched.
Explore Deals By Popular Interests – Find deals organised by the most-shopped-for interests. From TVs & Home Entertainment and Smart Home to Kids Corner, Video Games, Amazon Devices and more.
Search Deals – Members can search Prime Day deals through the search box of the top of the Amazon website
What's new for 2018?
Amazon Prime Day 2018 will feature more than one million deals globally and 40 per cent more Spotlight deals in the UK than in 2017.
For the first time this year, members can shop Prime Day Launches – exclusive new items, content and special-edition products from well-known and emerging brands for a limited time on Amazon.co.uk in the lead up to and during Prime Day, before they launch anywhere else in the UK.
Prime members will be the first to shop with early access Prime Day Launches that will top everyone's wish list. Prime Day Launches in the U.K. include: the latest smart home technology, home entertainment, jewellery and big brand beauty products.
Members in the UK, USA, Spain, Mexico, Japan, India, Italy, Germany, France, China, Canada, Belgium, Austria and - new for this year - Australia, Singapore, Netherlands and Luxembourg, can pick from deals across TVs, smart home, kitchen, grocery, toys, furniture, fashion, appliances and more.
“Prime members will enjoy a day and a half of epic deals, with 36 hours to shop more than one million deals across the globe,” said Jeff Wilke, Amazon CEO Worldwide Consumer.
"New for this year, members can shop exclusive Prime Day Launches and enjoy surprise entertainment events unboxed from giant Smile boxes in major cities."
The Amazon Smile boxes will appear in cities including New York, L.A., Tokyo, Milan and London, aiming to ‘unbox' exclusive entertainment experiences for Prime members and the general public.
In London, Amazon will host an entertainment event on Sunday, July 15 – the eve of Prime Day.
It will include a family screening of Paddington 2 (available to stream as part of Amazon's Prime membership subscription from July 12), a reading and Q&A with Ant Middleton on his Sunday Times best-selling book First Man In: Leading from the Front, and an exclusive gig headlined by Take That.
In addition, for the first time, members will also be able to enjoy Prime Day at their local Whole Foods Market. Prime members will enjoy savings on high-quality natural and organic products at all London stores on Prime Day.
The pitheads around Gelsenkirchen bear testimony to the heavy industry linking the region to local Bundesliga club Schalke 04, nicknamed ‘The Miners', where Manuel Neuer started his impressive career.
The west German city's famous son was voted the world's best goalkeeper for four years running from 2013-16 and was Germany's “Mr Safe Hands” at the 2014 World Cup with a string of superb performances.
As a result, Neuer finished third in the voting for the 2014 Ballon d'Or behind superstars Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, who won the title.
Sidelined by a foot fracture since September, Neuer is set to play his first full match in Saturday's friendly international against Austria in Klagenfurt.
Germany fans hope their goalkeeper and captain will prove he is ready to face Mexico in Moscow on June 17 in their first World Cup match — none more so than one of his first coaches at Schalke.
“He didn't become a world-class goalkeeper for nothing. I hope he comes back better than ever,” Norbert Elgert, 61, told AFP at Schalke's youth academy.
Neuer was born in Gelsenkirchen in March 1986.
He still has strong ties to the city having opened the youth club ‘MANUS' in 2014 for disadvantaged children, which is supported by the Manuel Neuer Kids Foundation.
Neuer started out in Schalke's academy – dubbed ‘The Miners' Forge'.
– ‘Positively obsessed' –
After making his senior Bundesliga debut in August 2006, Neuer won the 2009 European Under-21 Championship in the same junior Germany team as future World Cup winners Mesut Ozil and Benedikt Hoewedes, also products of Schalke's youth academy.
Neuer joined Schalke as a small boy in 1991 and wept when he announced in April 2011, after 203 appearances for the Royal Blues, that he was leaving to join present club Bayern Munich.
The move was the springboard to winning every title available for club and country, including both the Champions League and Club World Cup in 2013.
In Neuer's 298 appearances for Bavaria, more than half have been clean sheets.
He has made 74 appearances for Germany and let in just four goals in seven matches at the 2014 World Cup, keeping a clean sheet in the 1-0 win against Argentina in the final.
However, there were few early signs of the huge career — or imposing height at 1.93m (6ft 4ins) — that Neuer was to reach.
“I've known him since he was 10 or 12 years old. At that point he wasn't fixed on being a goalkeeper,” explained Elgert, a former Schalke midfielder.
“At that point, he was relatively short, there was no way of knowing he would grow so tall.
“However, the one thing he had was that he was positively obsessed with football, even though he wasn't considering a professional career at the time.
“He could have been a pro as an outfield player, but what made him exceptional was his overall talent, his joy of life and of playing.
“For Manuel, it's irrelevant whether he's playing with millions watching at home on television or with 100,000 in the stadium.
“He'd happily play with no one watching.”
– ‘Welcome home' –
Neuer is renowned for rock-solid confidence, quick reactions and an imposing presence in the box, which makes opposing strikers think twice.
Elgert recalls how Neuer reacted to stiff competition in Schalke's academy.
“His real ambition didn't emerge until he was in the Under-19s,” said Elgert.
“He was not first-choice, an older goalkeeper was ahead of him, who was in age-group national team.
“I told Manu: ‘With your talent, you can decide for yourself when you will get in the team'.”
Sure enough, after a series of convincing performances, “Manuel quickly became our first-choice and the national goalkeeper for his age-group”.
It has been seven years since Neuer left Schalke, yet he is far from forgotten in Gelsenkirchen and Elgert admits the announcement of his departure was a sad day.
“Of course it hurt, the boy grew up here in the academy,” said Elgert.
“He's now 100 percent Bavaria. For sure, he loves his current club and blossoms with it, but he'll always remain ‘a Schalker'.
“The boys who leave us always have a bit of Schalke in them.
“It's something beautiful and is why when they come back here we should always say ‘welcome home'.”
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Chelsea coach Antonio Conte berated his players for losing their composure after new captain Gary Cahill saw red on Saturday, and said he would be working on new formations using only 10 men.
The champions slumped to a 3-2 opening day defeat against unfancied Burnley, shipping three goals in the first half after Cahill was sent off for a dangerous tackle.
"It was a key moment. After this red card we lost our composure," the Italian told reporters.
"We must pay attention and try to keep our heads the rest of the game. Instead we conceded three goals and despite a good second half performance it was difficult to change the result."
Conte, looking tired and disgruntled, said he preferred not to talk about the referee who also sent off Cesc Fabregas in the 82nd minute after the Spaniard earned a second yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on former Chelsea man Jack Cork.
Conte paused and thought long and hard when asked about referee Craig Pawson's decisions, then said: "I think that the coach can make mistakes, the players can make mistakes, the referee..."
Conte said his halftime team talk, which along with the introduction of new striker Alvaro Morata who scored on his debut, appeared to completely transform the game, involved pointing out how the players had panicked and lost their shape.
"I like to tell always the truth and in the second half we changed totally the situation. We didn't lose the balance and we tried to change the final result."
Conte returned to his mantra from last season that the team needed to work hard to produce results and he pointed out that Chelsea had finished their last three games without all 11 of their players on the pitch.
"Also I have to study a new formation with 10 men, because when it happens with this regularity I must be worried."
Morata, he said, was working hard on his fitness and on adapting to Conte's system.
He brushed aside questions about reported tension with Chelsea's board over signing new players and said he was not worried because three key players - Eden Hazard, Pedro and Victor Moses - could return from injury and suspension for Chelsea's next game against London rivals Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley.
"I'm not worried because we have to trust in our work ... In the next game I'm not sure whether Pedro is ready but for sure we'll have (the other) two players. We'll find the right solution."
Hi-Rez Studios is hiring an experienced QA Analyst to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
At Hi-Rez, you will have an opportunity to be part of an innovative environment that embraces new and different ideas. We are a passionate and enthusiastic bunch who love video games. We have incredibly talented individuals who are empowered to create, & challenged to learn. All of this means more opportunities for you to unleash your ingenuity, energy, collaboration, and dedication.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new online game projects.
What our analyst do:
Ensure our game products meet high standards of quality, reliability, usability, and performance thru hands-on testing and problem reporting.
Works with the Technical Producer to create and implement a comprehensive, effective, and detailed Quality Plan and Test Procedures for all games assigned.
Provides leadership and technical expertise to team of QA Analysts.
Interprets, analyzes and evaluates testing progress at specific Milestones related to QA deliverables and jurisdictional requirements.
Communicates QA Project Status (including risk and mitigation strategies) to all Stakeholders.
Who we are looking for:
Two league games in and some fans are already moaning.
Yes, it hasn't been the perfect start we had all been dreaming about.
Crawley Town fan Steve Herbert
But the season is only one-week-old. Let's give Harry Kewell and Warren Feeney the time they deserve to get their selection right. Results will come.
The loss against Port Vale on the opening day could so easily of been a draw or even a Reds win, such was the momentum by Crawley in the second half of that game.
As for the 1-0 defeat at Cheltenham on Saturday. I wasn't surprised.
We never win at Cheltenham, it's just one of those grounds we always struggle at.
Patience is the key here. The games are coming thick and fast. That first win of the season is just around the corner.
Last Tuesday I travelled up to Birmingham by train for our league cup tie at St Andrew's.
Before the game I met up with some of our exiled Crawley fans for some liquid refreshment in the Shakespeare pub next to New Street station.
One of those fans was our ex-kit man and long time Crawley fan Graham Longley, who these days reside on his Crawley named canal boat in the midlands.
What an interesting chap, who had many a story to tell. I look forward to meeting up with Graham again at future away games.
Also in attendance were Alf (Liverpool) Mick (York) and Pete and Gemma who had travelled all the way down from (Dundee) for the game. Now that truly is dedication!
As for the match itself, the scoreline pretty much tells the story.
Although Crawley weren't as out-played as that suggests, more a case of defensive lapses.
For a good 27 minutes we were most certainly holding our own. The highlight of the night was without doubt Panutche Camara's last minute consolation. A fabulous strike that at least gave us 133 loyal Reds something to cheer.
A special mention also has to go to the two Dutch lads that travelled over for the game. Fantastic effort.
After the game I was offered the chance of a lift home with G&H coaches as they had a spare seat going.
Now I'm not a great fan of coach travel, but I have to say a certain Reds fan on board, no names mentioned Aidan! Kept us entertained with his prank calls to local Birmingham establishments, much to the amusement of the back of the coach.
Next up is Cambridge United at the checkatrade stadium. I for one will be looking for a performance like the second half show we gave against Port Vale. Only this time let's hope the points go Crawley's way. Stay patient people that first win of the season is coming.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
After failing to follow court orders telling her to get her son vaccinated within a week, a Detroit mom was sent to jail for seven days for contempt.
In what many people may call an unprecedented move, a judge sentenced a woman to jail for failing to vaccinate her son.
Now, the country is split between those who are standing with the Detroit mom and those who are demonizing her for her anti-vaccination stance.
WATCH: Michigan mom will spend 7 days in jail for failing to have her son vaccinated pic.twitter.com/XB2d0J1DVK — TODAY (@TODAYshow) October 5, 2017
Rebecca Bredow was ordered last week to vaccinate her 9-year-old son, bringing him up to date with the vaccines recommended for his age within the week. On Wednesday, Judge Karen McDonald sentenced Bredow to serve time behind bars for contempt of court.
Telling the judge that she was personally opposed to vaccinating her son, Bredow ended up getting seven days in jail as a result.
On Twitter, many users said they felt bad about Bredow's predicament, while others said she was putting her child's safety and the safety of others at risk by not vaccinating her son.
All she had to do was subject her son to 7 vaccines that she felt were harmful to her child ...f that bs — Nicole Curtis (@nicolecurtis) October 5, 2017
Supporters of Rebecca Bredow outside Oakland Co. courthouse.
She's the mom facing deadline today to vaccinate her son or go to jail pic.twitter.com/Jxn776kAhS — Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) October 4, 2017
Forgot to put in the father of the child who has custody too wants the child vaccinated so yeah there's that part — Donald capeau (@DCapeau) October 6, 2017
She'll be the one who brings back smallpox. Her son won't be inoculated, he'll play in some funky god-knows-what area where he'll pick it up — Merry Reymond (@MerryRey) October 6, 2017
Bredow, who had been getting court orders telling her to vaccinate her son since November 2016, shares custody of her two children with her ex-husband, who wants their 9-year-old fully vaccinated.
"I would rather sit behind bars for standing up for what I believe in than giving into something I strongly don't believe in,” Bredow told reporters.
In the U.S., the states set immunization policies. As it stands, very few states allow individuals to forego immunization efforts on medical, religious, or philosophical grounds, and Michigan is one of them.
Technically, Bredow's claim that she wouldn't vaccinate her son on philosophical grounds would be protected by Michigan law. Still, the judge told her during her hearing that the father deserves a say, upholding his wishes over the mother's.
Regardless of what you feel about vaccines, it's important to note that many preventable diseases can be avoided simply by allowing your child to get the immunization. However, the anti-vaccination movement has grown steadily over the years.
This case has sparked the looming question whether this mother was truly cheated by the system, or if she was, indeed, putting the life of her child in danger in a way that prompted the judge to intervene.
Read More Anti-Vaxxer Mom Changes Tune After Newborn Contracts Whooping Cough
Banner and thumbnail image credit: Reuters/Rebecca Naden
Crawley Town fans rushed to Twitter to praise Crawley Town skipper Jimmy Smith after his hat-trick heroics against Colchester United.
The Reds skipper hit a perfect hat-trick as Crawley ended a run of four games without a win a 3-2 victory in Essex.
Ben Blackmore (@benb556) tweeted: "It's easy to settle the Gerrard/Lampard/Scholes debate: 1. Jimmy Smith 2. Steve Gerrard 3. Frank Lampard 4. Paul Scholes", while Reds keeper Glenn Morris (@GlennMorris83) said: "What a win that was @crawleytown Jimmy smith ....different class from the skip!!"
Marilyn Loughton (@MarylinCTFC) tweeted: "Unexpected Valentine's surprise of a hat-trick from Jimmy Smith tonight, & an important 3 points", and @BMLanceley couldn't be happier, he said: "Jimmy Smith scored a perfect hattrick, I can die a happy man"
Like our Crawley Town Facebook page for all the latest news on the Reds
RIYADH, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's state budget deficit shrank by a fifth from a year earlier in the second quarter of this year as revenues rose moderately and spending fell marginally, finance ministry figures showed on Sunday.
Revenues increased 6 percent from a year ago to 163.9 billion riyals ($43.7 billion); oil revenues jumped 28 percent to 101.0 billion riyals because of higher international oil prices.
Spending dropped 1.3 percent to 210.4 billion riyals in the second quarter, leaving a deficit of 46.5 billion riyals compared to about 58.4 billion riyals a year earlier. (Reporting by Katie Paul, Writing by Andrew Torchia)
The Arizona Cardinals were confident things would be resolved and they were. As reported by Sports 360 AZs Eric Sorenson, all charges filed by Scottsdale police against receiver Christian Kirk were dropped.
OFFICIAL: All charges have been dismissed against #AZCardinals rookie WR #ChristianKirk following arrest for disorderly conduct & property damage leaving Phoenix Open on Feb. 3rd. #BirdGang #NFL pic.twitter.com/9tDt8q0zYl — Eric Sorenson (@EricSports360AZ) May 30, 2018
Kirk was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct in February at the Waste Management Phoenix Open, reportedly causing damage to vehicles when throwing rocks at them. He was allegedly intoxicated and one police officer in the report suggested possible drug use.
The Cardinals and other NFL teams knew about the arrest and Arizona still took the homegrown player in the second round of the draft.
Kirk released this statement after charges were dropped.
He tweeted:
“From the beginning, I was confident that the facts and the truth would ultimately validate the type of person that I am. I am grateful that was indeed the case. I appreciate all the support I have received while this process has played out, particularly from my family and friends as well as the Cardinals and this community.”
With this behind him, he can now focus only on football and getting ready for his rookie season.
For fans, this is a relief, as Kirk was praised before and after the draft for being a young man of great character.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
MCLEAN, Va., Feb. 01, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Iridium Communications Inc. (Nasdaq:IRDM) (“Iridium”) will host a conference call on Thursday, February 22, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time (ET) to discuss the Company's fourth-quarter 2017 financial results. In advance of the call on February 22, 2018, Iridium will issue its fourth-quarter 2017 earnings press release, which will be available at http://www.iridium.com. To participate in the teleconference, callers can dial the toll-free number 1-877-334-1964 (U.S. callers only) or 1-631-291-4574 (from outside the U.S.). The conference call ID is 2659408. To help ensure the conference call begins in a timely manner, please dial in five minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will also be simultaneously webcast at http://www.iridium.com.
For those unable to participate in the live call, an archived replay of the webcast will be available at http://www.iridium.com.
About Iridium Communications Inc.
Iridium® is the only mobile voice and data satellite communications network that spans the entire globe. Iridium enables connections between people, organizations and assets to and from anywhere, in real time. Together with its ecosystem of partner companies, Iridium delivers an innovative and rich portfolio of reliable solutions for markets that require truly global communications. The company has a major development program underway for its next-generation network – Iridium NEXT. Iridium Communications Inc. is headquartered in McLean, Va., U.S.A., and its common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol IRDM. For more information about Iridium products, services and partner solutions, visit www.iridium.com. IRDM-F
Investor Contact:
Kenneth Levy
Iridium Communications Inc.
+1 (703) 287-7570
ken.levy@iridium.com
Press Contact:
Jordan Hassin
Iridium Communications Inc.
+1 (703) 287-7421
jordan.hassin@iridium.com
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/01/1330395/0/en/Iridium-Announces-Release-Date-for-Fourth-Quarter-2017-Financial-Results.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32645685
The illuminated ‘Taj Mahal' built by a Muslim villager in Bihar Lata Rani/Gulf News
Patna: Mughal emperor Shah Jehan built Taj Mahal in memory of his wife Mumtaz Mahal.
Now, a man from Bihar has followed suit.
The new “Taj Mahal” which is the story of a doctor's love towards his wife has been built in Bhagalpur district of Bihar. Although it's not as grand and majestic as the Mughal emperor's monument of love located in Agra in Uttar Pradesh, it has been drawing huge crowds of local villagers.
The foundation of this new “monument of love” was laid some four years ago when Dr Nazir Alam went for Hajj with his wife Husna Bano.
While returning they decided to make a grave before their home for anyone of the two who died first.
His wife breathed her last in 2015.
Although the sudden death of his wife left Dr Alam shocked and shattered, he fulfilled the commitment he made to his wife. He spent all his hard-earned money — to be precise Rs3.5 million (Dh1,918,112) — on completing the ‘monument of love' although it has left him financially crip-pled.
The little grave fitted with granite stones, marbles, glasses and magnificent sculpting turns alive with attractive lighting arrangements once darkness falls. According to reports, it took two years for the artisans to complete the grave.
“It gives me a lot of pleasure when I see the grave illuminated in the evening, and the local villagers turning up to see it up close,” says Dr Alam, a homeopathic doctor, describing it as a monument of love for common people.
Dr Alam reminisces that his wife and he were together for 57 years, but doesn't recall if they ever had any differences. According to him, his wife was unparalleled and understood him completely ‘right from the second day of our marriage'.
“Quite many a time I felt the pressures of running our family of 12, given the fact that my income as a homeopathic doctor was not very much. Yet, she never complained about money and instead counselled me so as to dissipate my tensions,” he says. “Now, I am waiting for the time when I too will be laid to rest beside my wife.”
Dr Alam now plans to build a madrasa (school) in memory of his wife. The madrasa which will be equipped with computer facilities will impart teaching only to girls. The construction of this educational institute will start in March this year, he said.
Tips for avoiding pneumonia in patients with COPD
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The COPD Foundation has released tips for patients with COPD to avoid pneumonia and exacerbations.
The Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Foundation has developed tips for avoiding pneumonia and other exacerbations among patients with COPD.
Pneumonia primarily affects young children, smokers, adults older than age 65, and patients with COPD. It is the 8th leading cause of death in the United States and can be caused by other illnesses such as the flu, measles, pneumococcus, whooping cough, and Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib).
Symptoms include:
Fever or shaking chills
Rapid breathing or shortness of breath more severe than usual
Excess coughing producing a lot of mucus
Change in color of mucus (usually green, yellow, tan, or bloody)
Increased heart rate
Pain in a specific area (or areas) of the chest when deep breathing
Nausea or vomiting
Diarrhea
Tips for patients with COPD to avoid pneumonia and COPD exacerbations entirely, include:
Keeping up with appointments with your healthcare team, even if you feel healthy
Having flu and pneumonia vaccinations annually
Regularly washing your hands, particularly after touching items other people may have handled
Carrying a bottle of hand sanitizer around for when you are somewhere without washrooms
Avoiding touching your mouth, nose, and eyes
Carrying your own pen so you do not need to use other people's
Avoiding large crowds during cold and flu season
Avoiding people who are ill
Quitting smoking
Eating a healthy, balanced diet
Getting plenty of sleep
Reference
Arrests
4/9 at 1:40 a.m. Both N. Thiwat, 28, of Portland, was arrested on Union Street by Officer Daniel Hayden on charges of disorderly conduct and violating conditions of release.
4/9 at 10:32 a.m. Justin W. Mershimer, 36, of Portland, was arrested on Somerset Street by Detective Andjelko Napijalo on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking.
4/9 at 11:35 a.m. Mary Hanna, 48, of Portland, was arrested on County Way by Officer Bethany Murphy on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/9 at 1:34 p.m. Kurtis W. Dyer, 55, no address listed, was arrested in Monument Square by Sgt. Charles Libby III on charges of disorderly conduct and violating conditions of release.
4/9 at 1:35 p.m. Dorothy L. Gooldrup, 19, of Portland, was arrested on Riverside Street by Officer Sara Clukey on charges of domestic violence assault and violating conditions of release.
4/9 at 3:21 p.m. Stanley G. Dennison, 48, of Portland, was arrested on Frederic Street by Officer Jeremy Turner on a charge of violating conditions of release.
4/9 at 9:29 p.m. Milton I. Majano-Perez, 37, of Portland, was arrested on Ashmont Street by Officer Vincent Rozzi on a charge of domestic violence assault.
4/9 at 10:05 p.m. Jamis S. Carpenter, 33, of Portland, was arrested on Park Avenue by Officer Brian Truax on a charge of violating a protection order.
4/9 at 10:05 p.m. Steven D. Crossley, 34, of Somersworth, New Hampshire, was arrested on Park Avenue by Officer Brian Truax on charges of domestic violence assault and violating a protection order.
4/9 at 10:33 p.m. Tyshiem O. Brown, 34, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Anthony Stewart on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/10 at 5:26 a.m. Christopher Alan, 47, of South Portland, was arrested on Custom House Wharf by Officer Zachary Theriault on charges of burglary (commercial), criminal trespass, theft by unauthorized taking and violating conditions of release, and an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/10 at 6:50 a.m. Fakhareldin Adam, 19, of Portland, was arrested on Colonial Road by Officer Thomas Kwok on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/10 at 1:36 p.m. Kurtis G. Howard, 44, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Andrew Knutson on charges of public drinking and violating conditions of release.
4/10 at 10:52 p.m. Timothy Whitten, 36, of Portland, was arrested on Congress Street by Officer Morgan MacLean on charges of public drinking and theft by unauthorized taking.
4/11 at 1:04 a.m. Gino Cobb, 21, no address listed, was arrested on Brackett Street by Officer Morgan MacLean on outstanding warrants from another agency.
4/11 at 3:25 a.m. David Schnurman, 35, no address listed, was arrested on Commercial Street by Officer Morgan MacLean on a charge of violating probation.
4/11 at 11:23 a.m. Jason M. Stanley, 42, of Westbrook, was arrested on Alder Street by Officer Michelle Cole on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/11 at 12:39 p.m. Shawn M. Littlefield, 35, no address listed, was arrested on Somerset Street by Officer Christopher Coyne on outstanding warrants from another agency.
4/11 at 2:23 p.m. Freeman A. Scott, 30, of Durham, was arrested on Forest Avenue by Officer Sara Clukey on charges of operating with a suspended or revoked license and operating with a suspended registration.
4/11 at 3:16 p.m. Brian French, 56, no address listed, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Christopher Kelley on a charge of criminal trespass.
4/11 at 4:29 p.m. Jesse S. Westerman, 35, of Portland, was arrested on Park Street by Officer Eric McCusker on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking.
4/11 at 5:55 p.m. Allen L. Libby, 62, of Portland, was arrested on Oxford Street by Officer Jessica Brown on a charge of indecent conduct.
4/11 at 7:21 p.m. Rebecca S. Sloan, 32, of South Portland, was arrested on State Street by Officer Henry Johnson on charges of assault and criminal mischief.
4/11 at 11:25 p.m. Amed H. Adow, 32, of Portland, was arrested on Pine Street by Officer Christopher Dyer on a charge of violating conditions of release.
4/12 at 3:54 a.m. Thomas G. McDonough, 18, of Portland, was arrested on Fore Street by Officer Jonathan Roberts on charges of aggravated criminal mischief and refusing to submit to arrest or detention.
4/12 at 8:35 a.m. Peter P. Godin, 48, no address listed, was arrested in Congress Square by Officer Christopher Kelley on a charge of public drinking.
4/12 at 10:41 a.m. Michael T. Chadwick, 35, of Portland, was arrested on Cumberland Avenue by Officer James Keddy on a charge of public drinking.
4/12 at 12:26 p.m. Catherine Didominicus, 43, of Portland, was arrested on Bramhall Street by Officer Christopher Coyne on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/12 at 2:33 p.m. Modou Fall, 54, no address listed, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Thien Duong on a charge of disorderly conduct.
4/12 at 4:23 p.m. Teymor Mardanov, 64, no address listed, was arrested on Pearl Street by Officer James Keddy on a charge of criminal trespass.
4/12 at 5:34 p.m. Jack R. Marlowe, 24, of Portland, was arrested on Congress Street by Officer Jeremy Turner on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking.
4/13 at 1:22 a.m. Charles P. Scally, 45, of Gorham, was arrested on Stevens Avenue by Officer Ayaovi Alognon on a charge of operating under the influence.
4/13 at 12:15 p.m. Michael K. Kempton, 37, of Lewiston, was arrested on Marginal Way by Officer William Stratis on a charge of illegal possession of a hypodermic apparatus.
4/13 at 12:28 p.m. Charles M. Houghton, 34, of South Portland, was arrested on Marginal Way by Officer William Stratis on a charge of violating probation.
4/13 at 1:45 p.m. Adam L. Harriman, 38, of Portland, was arrested on Elm Street by Officer Michelle Cole on a charge of violating conditions of release.
4/13 at 2:24 p.m. Kaysean D. Moss, 45, of Portland, was arrested on St. John Street by Officer Christopher Coyne on a charge of disorderly conduct.
4/13 at 3:12 p.m. Mitzi L. Martinez, 38, of Portland, was arrested on Forest Avenue by an unidentified officer on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking, and an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/13 at 7:10 p.m. Gary M. Brooks, 53, of Portland, was arrested on Auburn Street by Officer Joseph Jaynes on a charge of criminal trespass.
4/13 at 11:33 p.m. Jaime L. Hoffman, 20, of Portland, was arrested on Allen Avenue by Officer Kevin Murphy on a charge of violating conditions of release.
4/14 at 3:42 a.m. Aidan J. Mallett, 19, of Portland, was arrested on Washington Avenue by Officer Ryan Gagnon on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/14 at 9:18 a.m. Joseph M. Meyers, 62, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Thien Duong on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 9:30 a.m. Anthony Budzko Sr., 50, of Westbrook, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Christopher Coyne on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 12:13 p.m. John R. Potasky, 34, no address listed, was arrested on Alder Street by Officer Andrew Knutson on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 12:42 p.m. Ellery H. Saucier, 62, of Portland, was arrested on Alder Street by Officer Andrew Knutson on a charge of failure to register as a sex offender.
4/14 at 3;25 p.m. Terry J. Jr. Tucker, 27, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Mark Kezal on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/14 at 3:31 p.m. Jamie A. Irish, 39, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Thien Duong on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 4:15 p.m. Kenneth W. Beek, 46, of Portland, was arrested on Commercial Street by an unidentified officer on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 5:03 p.m. Simon M. Lobojo, 25, of Portland, was arrested on Portland Street by Officer Thien Duong on a charge of public drinking.
4/14 at 8:31 p.m. Kathleen A. Johnson, 36, of Portland, was arrested on Oxford Street by Officer Eric McCusker on charges of violating conditions of release and theft by unauthorized taking.
4/14 at 11:22 p.m. Holly D. Hitchcock, 60, of Arundel, was arrested on High Street by Officer Kathryn Phelan on a charge of operating under the influence.
4/15 at 4:23 a.m. Elisabeth A. Marcisso, 31, of Portland, was arrested on Congress Street by Officer Matthew Dissell on a charge of aggravated criminal mischief.
4/15 at 11:06 a.m. Tim N. Toun, 28, of Portland, was arrested on Munjoy South by Officer Kevin Haley on a charge of operating beyond license restrictions.
4/15 at 11:35 a.m. Michael B. Stevens, 34, of Portland, was arrested on Forest Avenue by Officer Kimberly Donnell on charges of theft by unauthorized taking and violating conditions of release.
4/15 at 3:50 p.m. Dawn A. Wade, 48, of Portland, was arrested on Oxford Street by Officer Brent Ross on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
4/15 at 7:11 p.m. Robert G. True, 46, of Portland, was arrested on Riverside Street by Officer Eric Johnson on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
4/15 at 9:01 p.m. Patricia A. Poulin, 54, of Portland, was arrested on Riverside Street by Officer Nicholas Gowen on a charge of unlawful possession of scheduled drugs.
4/15 at 10:13 p.m. Harold F. Varnum, 51, of Portland, was arrested on Parris Street by Officer Anthony Stewart on a charge of indecent conduct.
4/16 at 1:33 a.m. James G. Colston, 45, of Portland, was arrested on Rockland Avenue by Officer Kevin Murphy on a charge of misuse of the E-911 system.
4/16 at 3:39 a.m. Sophia N. Mansora, 28, of Westbrook, was arrested on Temple Street by Officer Zachary Theriault on a charge of operating under the influence.
4/16 at 12:51 p.m. Kevin A. Roenisch, 37, of Portland, was arrested on Hampshire Street by Officer Blake Cunningham on a charge of theft by receiving stolen property.
April 13 Himax Technologies Inc
* Himax announces strategic investment in Emza Visual Sense
* Has made a strategic investment in cash in exchange for a 45.1% equity ownership of Emza Visual Sense Ltd
* Himax Technologies Inc - terms of investment were not disclosed.
* Co has a one-year option to acquire remaining 54.9% of Emza's equity and all outstanding stock options Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NiceHash Hack Raises Questions About Bitcoin Mining
A company in Slovenia that mines bitcoin says it has been hacked, for a potential loss of tens of millions of dollars. The company, NiceHash, gives customers the ability to mine for bitcoins. As the price of the world's most popular virtual currency keeps surging -- to a record $15,000 on Thursday -- here's a look at what it is and how it is "mined."
What Is a Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is a digital currency that's not tied to any bank or government. Like cash, it lets users spend or receive money anonymously, or mostly so; like other online payment services, it also lets them do so over the internet. There are several other virtual currencies, such as ethereum, but bitcoin is the most popular.
Bitcoins are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they travel from one owner to the next. Transactions can be made anonymously, making the currency popular with libertarians as well as tech enthusiasts, speculators -- and criminals.
How Is a Bitcoin Mined?
Tech-savvy users called "miners" use their computers to make complex calculations that verify transactions in bitcoins. This so-called blockchain is a global running tally of every bitcoin transaction. The miners receive bitcoins in exchange according to a set of established rules. In this way, the bitcoin network harnesses individuals' greed for the collective good.
NiceHash, the company that got hacked, made a business from matching people with spare computing power to those wanting to mine bitcoin.
How Are Bitcoins Kept Secure?
Because the tally of bitcoin transactions, or blockchain, is verified constantly by a network of miners, rogues cannot spend the same bitcoin twice. As long as miners keep the blockchain secure, counterfeiting shouldn't be an issue.
How Did Bitcoin Come To Be?
It's a mystery. Bitcoin was launched in 2009 by a person or group of people operating under the name Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin was then adopted by a small clutch of enthusiasts. Nakamoto dropped off the map as bitcoin began to attract widespread attention. But proponents say that doesn't matter: The currency obeys its own internal logic.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
FILE - This July 15, 2013, file photo, shows a sign for Wall Street outside the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Monday, March 19, 2018. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where she plays the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting her fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced her partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on her collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch her hilarious parody below.
Whether it is car clubs marking key model and marque milestones with record parades or special races commemorating major moments in motor sport history, the annual Silverstone Classic is renowned for celebrating anniversaries in high-octane style. And this year the popular live music shows at the three-day family festival will have their very own birthday party.
Fifty years ago, the hippie-inspired Summer of Love phenomenon started in California and spread flower power right around the world – and Friday night at the ‘Rocking and Racing' Silverstone Classic will feature the greatest music from that remarkably vibrant era.
Silverstone Classic
For many, it was the legendary Beatles who provided the soundtrack to the Summer of Love – their seminal Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Band album was released on 1 June, 1967 to immediate acclaim and spent many months topping the charts on both sides of the Atlantic.
The Bootleg Beatles are widely hailed as the world's premier Fab Four tribute group, and they will be topping the Friday night bill at the 2017 Classic.
With such a musical landmark to applaud, it is no surprise that The Bootleg Beatles are much in demand this summer and they will arrive at Silverstone fresh from playing six very special Sgt Pepper performances supported by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. The four shows in London and Liverpool are already totally sold-out – that is not an issue for visitors to the Silverstone Classic, though, as admission to the live music concerts on both Friday and Saturday evenings is included free for all ticket-holders.
While it was The Beatles who provided the global soundtrack to the Summer of Love, the Monterey Pop Festival was certainly its focal point.
Silverstone Classic
The Fab Four were rumoured to be headlining in sunny California but they declined believing their music had become too complex to be performed live. Instead, Paul McCartney recommended the organisers book The Who and The Jimi Hendrix Experience – and both made their breakthrough US debuts to widespread adulation.
Completing the story, now the timeless tracks of all three groups will be savoured by those at Silverstone with two further highly regarded, #1 live tribute acts – Who's Next and Are You Experienced? – joining The Bootleg Beatles on the nostalgic Friday night Summer of Love bill.
“The Silverstone Classic has always been about the rocking as well as the racing, and the 50th anniversary of the Summer of Love has given us a wonderful opportunity to recreate some of the greatest music from that truly iconic era back in the Swinging Sixties,” said Nick Wigley, CEO of Silverstone Classic organiser Goose Live Events. “I'm not sure everyone will be dressing up in psychedelic clothes and putting flowers in their hair, but the Friday night party in July is going to be a really special part of the weekend festivities.”
Saturday evening's live music line-up will have more of an eighty feel to it and full details will be announced shortly, well before the cut-off date for those taking advantage of significantly discounted Early Bird tickets available up until the end of March.
Adult admission starts from just £35, while the cost of the three-day weekend ticket has been frozen at £99 when purchased by Early Birds. Family tickets, camping and VIP Hospitality packages are also available. All tickets must be booked in advance of the event.
Full tickets and event details can be found on the www.silverstoneclassic.com website.
WASHINGTON COUNTY, Ga. (WJBF) – One man is behind bars following a drug investigation in Sandersville, Georgia.
On Friday, agents with the Ocmulgee Drug Task Force, with the assistance of Washington County Sheriff's Office and the Department of Community Supervision conducted a search on a home on Ivey Drive in Sandersville.
Inside, investigators found marijuana, cocaine, a digital scale and $680 in cash.
39-year-old Demetrius Lewis was arrested at the home and charged with Possession with Intent to Distribute Marijuana and Possession with Intent to Distribute Cocaine.
More charges are possible.
The investigation is ongoing.
Rebel Wilson has won her defamation trial v Bauer Media.
The jury returned unanimous verdicts in favour of the actress following a trial that stretched three weeks in Melbourne.
Wilson claimed the magazine publisher painted her as a serial liar in a series of articles, and that it had cost her jobs in Hollywood.
Damages will be assessed at a later date.
May 1 Blackstone mortgage Trust
* Blackstone mortgage trust announces pricing of public offering of convertible senior notes
* Notes will pay interest semiannually at a rate of 4.375% per annum and will mature on May 5, 2022
* Pricing of underwritten public offering of $250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% convertible senior notes due 2022 Source text for Eikon:
John O'Shea's senior international career may not have got off to the greatest of starts but Roy Keane says he saw something a little special in the Waterford man pretty much the first time he laid eyes on him.
O'Shea had already been at Manchester United two years and been out on two successful loan periods by the time Mick McCarthy threw him on for his debut late in a friendly against Croatia for the first of 117 senior caps.
The then 20-year-old promptly handled from a corner to concede a penalty from which the visitors got a late equaliser. It was an inauspicious start to what would be a great international career, one that will end on Saturday evening with the game against the USA.
“He's had a good innings and you couldn't begrudge him the nice send-off that he's going to get,” says Keane who was a key member of the senior squad at United when the younger Irishman started to appear on its margins.
“I remember him as a young player and thinking: ‘this kid's got a chance'. He was a decent player. And strangely enough, he always seemed really balanced. We've talked about all the pitfalls in football but John always seemed to be really switched on.
“But listen,” the Corkman continued with a grin, “he could be a raving lunatic when he's at home in the evenings, I hope he is. I hope he's a head case and we're all proved wrong when he's locked up in six months and we're all saying ‘Jesus, I never saw that coming'.
“But I don't think so. He'll probably have a nice steady life. Probably become a coach or a pundit.”
A couple of the other established internationals to announce their retirement since the end of the World Cup qualifying campaign have also been asked along to Saturday's game.
But the FAI has been fairly shamelessly selling the occasion as a send-off for a player, now 37, who first came to prominence as part of the U-17 side that won the European Championships in Scotland.
Important players
He played his second senior international game a few months after the 2002 World Cup, away to Greece. Keane was in international exile and McCarthy had recently resigned as a result of the pressure he came under when the team made a poor start to the Euro 2004 qualification campaign in the midfielder's absence.
Over the years that followed, O'Shea became one of the side's most important players; captaining the team on 17 occasions and featuring at two European Championships.
“Yeah, it's a nice send-off for him and we'll have good, good memories of Shaysie. He was a good pro, a good lad, and we'll miss him, just like we miss Robbie and Shay and all of those guys but it's all par for the course, you see these guys come and go.”
Speaking at a Spar-sponsored schools soccer event, O'Shea's former international team-mate Keith Andrews also paid tribute.
“John has been a key, key figure in our history,” said the 37-year-old. “What a servant and what a player he's been over such a long, long period.”
“Was it 2009, the Champions League final? We were all in the hotel watching him playing at right back against Barcelona and he was coming in to us tomorrow or the next day.
“From playing at that level and then coming into an environment where he would be playing with Championship players, lower Premier League players . . . after playing the previous week with Paul Scholes or Roy Keane or David Beckham or whoever it was around that time, but there was just nothing ever big-time about him whatsoever.”
It's a sad day at the PE K9 unit as the terminally ill dog, Kojak made his final bow.
Kojak was taken out of active duty during May 2017, when he was diagnosed with a brain tumor. His handler, W/O Etienne Gerber had since taken him home and cared for him .Kojak became part of the family and still showed courage and strength until his dying moments.
At about 02:00 the morning of 13 August 2017, W/O Gerber heard Kojak whimpering and went to see if he was okay. He found the dog lying half inside and outside his kennel. He knew that Kojak was not well and remained with the dog. By then Kojak had lost consciousness and was deteriorating. He was taken to the veterinary clinic in Walmer. Sadly, Kojak was finally laid to rest.
Kojak had been with W/O Gerber for eight years and together they had engaged in over 650 search and rescue operations across the Province. Kojak, a German shepherd search and rescue dog. He dangled 30m below a helicopter, traversed a gold mine, trekked across treacherous mountains, rescued five people and had recovered about 275 bodies and was a professional when at work.
Kojak's career also included finding missing hikers wandering around mountain ranges, locating hard to reach aircraft crash sites, climbing into gorges and finding missing people who had drowned in rivers or dams. Other operations included the search for missing school teacher Jayde Panayiotou, whose husband, Christopher, is standing trial for her murder.
One of the team's most daring rescues involved a 2km climb down a mine shaft at the Bulyanhulu Gold Mine, situated 55km south of Lake Victoria in Tanzania, in 2013.
W/O Gerber and his family are devastated about his passing. ‘It is like losing a child. We are all shattered and have lost a member of our family. It was a very difficult decision to make to have him put down and I am deeply saddened by this loss.
Police dogs are our silent heroes who give tirelessly of themselves without the need for recognition.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A football club has been forced to cancel matches after travellers moved on to its pitch - leaving a trail of destruction.
Around 40 caravans set up camp at Wake Green FC, off Drawbridge Road, Solihull, on Monday morning after a padlock was reportedly broken.
They left the club site, which is used for matches by hundreds of children, on Monday evening.
During their stay it is claimed the clubhouse was broken into and cash was stolen, while damage was also caused to the pitch.
The football club - run by volunteers - has now been forced to cancel games on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday so repairs can be carried out on the pitch and clubhouse.
A West Mercia Police spokeswoman confirmed they had received a report about a burglary at the club on Monday.
She said: “There were reports of cash stolen and outbuildings broken into.
"Enquiries are on-going. We are appealing for witnesses.
"Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 0753S230418.”
Volunteer Ted James, 67, who has been a member for 52 years, said: “We are devastated because we are self-funded.
“All the money raised is by the people themselves, we get no grants from the council and it costs us £12,000 in rent and maintenance.
"We have five adult teams and nine children's teams between eight and 15 years of age. Hundreds use the facility. It's all voluntary.”
“They have left their rubbish on the pitch and human excrement. I can't believe that.
“The bar is an absolute mess.”
Mr James said volunteers were going to start the clean-up tonight and tomorrow.
He said: “We were due to hold football matches on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday but we've had to cancel these but we are hoping to get the grounds ready for Saturday.”
Councillor Brian Holmes (Cons, Shirley West) said: “I used to run a football club on a Monday evening and we used to have 74 kids on the books and they used to let us it is free of charge.
"They are wonderful group of people. This has left me feeling quite ill.”
Halloween at Bell Tower Shops
Contact
Holly Boldrin, APR, CPRC, Priority Marketing
239-267-2638, mediarelations@ prioritymarketing.com
***@prioritymarketing.com Holly Boldrin, APR, CPRC, Priority Marketing239-267-2638, mediarelations@prioritymarketing.com
End
-- Bell Tower Shops is calling all goblins, ghosts, princesses and superheroes to get into the Halloween spirit during its annual Halloween Spooktacular at the Tower, taking place from 10 a.m. to noon on Saturday, Oct. 28 at Center Court at Bell Tower Shops.Bell Tower Shops is offering a fun, free and safe environment for children to enjoy festive activities. Guests are invited to dress up in their best Halloween costumes for a social media-based costume contest, dance party and trick-or-treating throughout the shopping center for spooky treats and sweets from participating stores and restaurants.For more information, please call 239-489-1221 or visit www.thebelltowershops.com.Bell Tower Shops is the premier dining and fashion destination of the Fort Myers-Cape Coral market. The open-air center features The Fresh Market, Bed Bath & Beyond and a 20-screen Regal Cinema complex. Exceptional specialty retailers include: World wcj of Beer, White House Black Market, Francesca's Collection, Ulta and Williams-Sonoma. Visit www.thebelltowershops.com for more.Madison Marquette is a private real estate investment and operating company and a member of the global investment firm Capital Guidance, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. Founded in 1992, the firm employs a proven repositioning and redevelopment strategy to create value in infill and mixed-use assets in major urban gateway markets throughout the United States. Madison Marquette enhances returns while mitigating risk by directly controlling and managing the execution of its investment strategies. With more than 230 employees, Madison Marquette covers major U.S. markets through its offices in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle, San Diego, New York, Philadelphia, Dallas and Fort Lauderdale. For more information, visit the company website at www.MadisonMarquette.com
The Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Slider from Triline Quality Door Systems has special features that allow easy adjustment and installation.
[DERWENT PARK, 31/5/2018] – Triline Quality Door Systems, a specialist in internal sliding doors in Australia, offers the Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Slider. Its features allow for easy installation and adjustment while also providing spatial efficiency to residential and light commercial applications. Each door from Triline's range is proudly constructed from hardware supplied by a trusted local brand.
Sliding Doors Designed with Precision for Easy Installation
Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Sliding Door's dimensions are designed for easy installation. The door clearance is adjustable from 10 to 20 millimetres allowing for carpet, vinyl, tiles and other flooring and covering.
The door frames have a standard door thickness of 35 millimetres but can be custom-made for non-standard sizes and increments. With a special track design, the door will not jump off the track as a single rail system normally would. The Phoenix™ door has a roller feature with precision bearings and quick release fittings that contribute to easy installation and adjustment.
Functional Construction Meets Clean Design
A functional and affordable alternative to hinged doors, the Triline Phoenix™ enables efficient use of space with no door clearance required. The Triline Phoenix™ comes with a variety of stylish finishes including architraves and flush finishes. All visible components of the door are made from varnished grade select timber.
The hardware used to construct the Triline Phoenix™ is supplied by Brio, a trusted brand in sliding and folding door hardware. As with all Triline sliding doors, the Phoenix™ is made of kiln-dried hardwood.
About Triline Quality Door Systems
As a leading source of residential and commercial sliding doors in Australia, Triline Quality Door Systems has been a trusted manufacturer of sliding door systems that are not only functional but also offer aesthetic flexibility. Since 1996, Triline has produced a comprehensive range of sliding doors that are designed based on years of market research.
To learn more about the company and its range of products, visit https://triline.net.au.
Unite the Right rally organizer Jason Kessler was chased away by protesters during a press conference in Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/5HOnoc0yal — NBC News (@NBCNews) August 13, 2017
Jason Kessler, the White supremacist who organized the violent racist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, ran like a coward from a news conference Sunday when confronted by angry protesters who drowned out his remarks.
He was also punched him and tackled into a bush, the New York Daily News reports.
The rally of racists erupted in deadly violence on Saturday when James Fields Jr. rammed a Dodge Challenger into a group of counterprotesters, killing a 32-year-old woman, and injuring an estimated 19 people. Two state troopers policing the rallies also died in a helicopter crash.
Fields is scheduled to appear in court Monday on second-degree murder charges.
SOURCE: The New York Daily News
SEE ALSO:
Here Is What We Know So Far About Charlottesville Terrorist James Alex Fields
Black Leaders Denounce Violent Charlottesville Rally
State Of Emergency Declared In Virginia Amid Violent White Supremacist Rally
Even though he predicted that the Patriots are going to beat the Eagles in Super Bowl 52, Von Miller attempted to explain the only possible way that anyone, including Philly, can take down Tom Brady and the mighty Pats in a Players' Tribune story called “How to Beat the Patriots.”
In short, the Broncos outside linebacker says you need to be absolutely perfect because, as Miller says, “You can't win without having the lead … but against the Patriots, no lead is safe.”
Here's part of his explanation:
To beat the Patriots, you have to sack Tom Brady. You need to do it with a legit threat coming from both sides while rushing only four guys, and you have to do it for four quarters. You have to play mistake-free football. You can't get caught up in the Tom Brady hype or the Patriots lore. You have to play your game. I could add in a lot of other little things, like you not letting Tom dink and dunk you to death … getting off the field on third down … having an offense that can score points, because you know Tom's always gonna get his. You need all that, too. Basically, to beat the Patriots, you need to play the perfect game. And then you need a little luck. You need the football gods to bless you. You need a helmet catch or something crazy to go your way at just the right time.
Miller also goes against his prediction and says he believes the Eagles have a chance, but then again, everyone always has a chance in sports.
Super Bowl 52 is on Sunday and will air on NBC starting at 6:30 p.m. ET.
You can read Miller's entire explanation at the Players' Tribune.
Saudi Arabian coalition jets bombing Houthi rebel sites in Yemen increasingly turn to U.S. Air Force tankers for refueling support almost two years after the conflict began.
Since April 2015, the Air Force has logged 1,778 tanker sorties for the operation, Air Forces Central Command spokeswoman Capt. Kathleen Atanasoff told Military.com on Tuesday. That includes 1,069 over the past year, an increase of 360, or 50 percent, from the 709 in the previous period.
"These operations are ongoing, with aircraft refueling occurring daily," Atanasoff said in an email.
The service's tankers such as KC-135 Stratotankers and KC-10 Extenders participated in 7,564 refueling "events" with coalition aircraft, with "about 54 million pounds of fuel off-loaded in support of Saudi operations in Yemen," Atanasoff said.
Refueling numbers are tracked by the command but, unlike statistics on strikes and sorties against the Islamic State and the Taliban, aren't publicly released via the command's airpower summary factsheets.
The Air Force's involvement with Saudi airstrikes in Yemen drew scrutiny in October after one hit a funeral hall packed with mourners in Sanaa, killing more than 150 people and wounding hundreds, according to The New York Times. The incident prompted the U.S. to launch an immediate review of its support operations for the Saudi-led coalition, the Times reported.
U.S. Central Command officials have said the U.S. provides only refueling support to Saudi coalition aircraft. "We have not provided any kind of intel to carry out strikes," Maj. Josh Jacques, media chief at CentCom, told Military.com at the time.
According to The Yemen Data Project, an independent body of researchers, academics and human rights advocates, more than 8,600 air attacks occurred between March 2015 and August 2016 in Yemen -- with more than 3,150 hitting non-military locations, as cited by The Guardian.
Saudi Arabia disputes the claims as "vastly exaggerated," The Guardian reported in September.
The war first made headlines in spring 2015, when Houthi rebels -- anti-government fighters aligned with ousted former president Ali Abdullah Saleh -- were dislodged from their position near the port city of Aden by the coalition, which includes the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Qatar and Kuwait.
Despite the U.S.'s quiet role in the war, it has become a target of critics, according to William Picard, executive director of The Yemen Peace Project, a nonprofit organization founded in 2010 in response to the growing humanitarian crisis.
"U.S. refueling missions have become a focal point for those who oppose America's involvement in this war," Picard said Tuesday in a statement to Military.com.
"The Yemen Peace Project is part of a large coalition of U.S.-based and international advocacy organizations calling for an end to U.S. logistical and material support for the Saudi-led intervention," he said.
"The U.S. has been, and continues to be, a crucial participant in the U.N.-sponsored peace process," Picard said. "Its military role in the conflict undermines that process and perpetuates hostilities. This war is driving one of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in the world."
-- Oriana Pawlyk can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214.
The 19-year-old said she has a wonderful relationship with her parents Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke.
Debut actress Maya Hawke has paid tribute to parents Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke for their support following her first major TV role in Little Women.
Hawke plays bold and awkward feminist Jo March in the latest adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's classic novel, due to air on BBC One over Christmas.
The 19-year-old, who has previously told how her parents encouraged her to hold back from the limelight at a young age, told the Press Association: “I have a wonderful, supportive relationship with my family. I get lots of advice from them about all kinds of things.”
She spoke as she reunited with her co-stars in London for a screening of the three-part series.
Describing her first serious acting experience, Hawke said: “It's really exciting. It was one of the best few months of my life.
“But I definitely feel more pressure now than when I was taking it on.
“I was so in love with the novel and the character that I thought, of course I should play her, and that I could go in and be myself – it felt like whatever I had in me, Jo could handle.
“It was only after when I realised that everybody else thinks they are Jo too, that I felt I had the weight of the world on my shoulders.
“But she is so brave and wilful and that allows her to overcome both her own and societal obstacles – that was a real inspiration to me.”
Uma Thurman (Dominic Lipinski/PA)
The hotly anticipated series comes more than 20 years after the hit 1994 big screen adaptation of Little Women starring Winona Ryder as Jo, with Christian Bale as Laurie Laurence, Susan Sarandon as mother Marmee and a young Kirsten Dunst as the youngest March sister Amy.
Jonah Hauer-King, who plays Laurie in the new show, admitted that following in Bale's footsteps was a “tough act to follow”, but also an “honour”.
Praising his co-star's debut performance, he said of Hawke: “It's funny because you would just never know. She was one of the most assured and wise and seemingly experienced there. I learnt so much from her.
“We were quite a gang out there – they were all my sisters for those three months.”
The series, commissioned less than a year ago by the BBC, is directed by Vanessa Caswill, with the adapted script by Call The Midwife writer Heidi Thomas.
“I do really feel like we found our own vision with this version and it steers away from the more saccharine chocolate box version,” said Caswill.
“Even though the 1994 film was incredible and is loved, I think there is a grittier version.
“It's absolutely the same story, but it's about finding the truth in the heart of this story and the philosophy. We have captured that and told it honestly.
“It is about loss and grief and hardship and we haven't skirted over that; we've sat in that and it's a difficult place to sit in.”
Little Women also stars Apple Tree Yard star Emily Watson as Marmee, with Dame Angela Lansbury as Aunt March and Sir Michael Gambon as Mr Laurence.
Emily Watson (Lewis Whyld/PA)
It will air on BBC One on December 26, 27 and 28.
© Press Association 2017
In a statement, AOL wrote to everyone of its users old and new(ish), “AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed. As a result we made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15, 2017.”
There's no doubt AIM was a vital messaging source at one point or another for an entire generation. When AIM launched in 1997, it quickly became widely used for its free instant chat services.
Many nostalgic users have shared their memories of the iconic Yellow Running Man and using the platform to meet people.
End of an era: AOL announces AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) will be discontinued effective December 15, 2017. https://t.co/MMrVIukxTR pic.twitter.com/74WeANozZF — World News Tonight (@ABCWorldNews) October 6, 2017
Before text messaging, there was AIM.
Before Twitter, there were AIM away messages.
Before MySpace, there was your AIM bio. — Jerry David (@BostonJerry) October 6, 2017
Let us all now please rise, and honor AIM with a moment of static. pic.twitter.com/Otst8mvsBL — Joey Langone (@JoeyLangone) October 6, 2017
Another tech portion of my childhood dies… https://t.co/evLPoaalWE — Anthony De Rosa 🗽 (@Anthony) October 6, 2017
Just because I haven't used AIM in years doesn't mean I'm not sad. It's like finding out a band you were really into 15 years ago broke up. — Mute Bae (@DanGnajerle) October 6, 2017
RIP AIM!!!! 😭😭😭 what a sad day dec 15th will be. Kids today will never know the joys of a Door opening sound or setting an away message 😢 pic.twitter.com/mkILwb3HdW — CHiCA (@oCHiCAx) October 6, 2017
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
Advertisement
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs — synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others — Kentucky and Minnesota — have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said his organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide — a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Depending on who is making the case, Alabama's special Senate election Tuesday is about either continuing the "Trump miracle" in Washington or allowing "decency" to prevail back home.
At the center is Roy Moore — "Judge Moore," to his supporters. The 70-year-old Republican was twice ousted as state Supreme Court chief justice after flouting federal law, and now he's attempting a political resurrection amid accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls when he was in his 30s.
In Moore's path is Democrat Doug Jones, a 63-year-old former U.S. attorney best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen who killed four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 Senate majority. A routine election in Republican-dominated Alabama wouldn't be expected to alter that balance, because Alabamians haven't sent a Democrat to the upper chamber of Congress since 1992. President Donald Trump notched a 28-point win here in 2016 and remains popular in the state.
Advertisement
But Moore's baggage leaves the outcome enough in doubt that both Trump and his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, have weighed in with last-minute robocalls trying to sway voters.
The intensity also has spawned a steady stream of fake news stories that fill social media feeds of interested people in Alabama and beyond. An Associated Press analysis, in cooperation with Facebook, counted as many as 200 false or misleading reports heading into the weekend. One website claimed one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. She did not. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim he had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. He didn't.
In his final pitch before polls open, Jones called the choice a "crossroads" and asked that "decency" prevail.
"We've had this history in the past, going down the road that ... has not been productive," Jones said. "We've lagged behind in industry. We've lagged behind in education. We've lagged behind in health care. It's time we take the road that's going to get us on the path to progress."
At his own election eve rally, Moore again denied all the allegations, calling them "disgusting" and offering voters a clear measure: "If you don't believe in my character, don't vote for me." Earlier in the day, Moore cast himself as the victim. "It's just been hard, a hard campaign," he said.
For Alabama, the outcome could be defining.
Democrats and moderate Republicans see an opportunity to reject a politician who is already regular fodder for late-night television and enough of a curiosity that Chinese leader Xi Jinping paused a presidential meeting in Beijing recently to ask Trump through an interpreter, "Who is Roy Moore?"
Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed publicly that he wrote in a "distinguished Alabama Republican" rather than vote for Moore.
Many Republicans, however, see an opportunity to defend the state's conservative, evangelical bent in the face of unfair liberal criticism while delivering another victory for Trump and sending an anti-establishment senator into a federal government that has been reflexively unpopular among Alabama majorities for generations.
Trump's campaign architect and former White House adviser Steve Bannon told Moore supporters Monday evening that the race is a "national election" that will determine whether the "Trump miracle" continues. Moore says he is aligned with the president and he makes similar arguments to Trump, blasting "the elite" in the "swamp" of Washington, D.C.
For Jones to win, he must build an atypical coalition, maximizing turnout among African-American voters and white liberals who often don't combine for more than 40 percent of the electorate, while coaxing votes from enough white Republicans who can't pull the lever for Moore.
One of Jones' celebrity backers framed the choice as being much less complicated.
"I love Alabama," said Leeds native and former NBA basketball star Charles Barkley, "but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say, 'We're not a bunch of damn idiots.'"
Polls open at 7 a.m. local time.
___
Chandler reported from Midland City, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim .
Harikrishnans, the 1998-released Mammootty-Mohanlal movie still remains as one of the most celebrated multi-starrers in the history Malayalam cinema. The movie, which was directed by veteran director Fazil, featured Mammootty and Mohanlal in the title roles.
The detective comedy flick also marked the Malayalam debut of popular Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla, and acting debut of renowned cinematographer Rajiv Menon. Harikrishnans was jointly produced by Mohanlal and wife Suchitra Mohanlal, for Pranavam Arts.
Here is a throwback into the sets of Mammootty-Mohanlal duo's Harikrishnans...
Nana Weekly Photo Shoot This picture was clicked during the Nana weekly photo shoot which was held at the location of Harikrishnans. Mammootty and Mohanlal appeared together for the cover picture of Nana, after a long gap.
The SRK Factor This adorable picture was clicked while Shah Rukh Khan visited dear friend Juhi Chawla at the sets of Harikrishnans, in Ooty.
The team even planned to shoot an alternate climax for the movie with SRK in the role of Juhi's character Meera's fiance. But the idea was dropped later due to technical reasons.
The Team An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal from the location, with the leading lady Juhi Chawla, director Fazil, and director of photography, Anandakuttan.
The Poster Shoot A special picture, which was clicked during the first-look poster shoot of the movie. Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Juhi Chawla appeared in colour-coordinated looks, in the super stylish first look poster.
Family Times A very rare picture of Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Fazil with their respective families. We can see Sulfath Mammootty, Suchitra Mohanlal, Roseena Fazil, Pravav and Vismaya Mohanlal, etc., in the picture.
A Candid Click A candid picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal, which was clicked during the shooting of a fight sequence.
With MG Sreekumar An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal posing with renowned singer MG Sreekumar. The duo posed for a picture with Sreekumar, when he visited Mohanlal at the sets of the movie.
Harikrishnans was one of the very rare films in India which were released with a double climax. The team decided to have two different climaxes, with one focusing on Mammootty and another one with Mohanlal, to satisfy the fans of both the actors.
The Fazil movie had also made headline for its popular songs, which were sung by Dr. KJ Yesudas. Interestingly, the legendary singer made a new record by lending voice for both Mammootty and Mohanlal in different modulations, for the same song.
Mammootty kickstarted his popular biriyani treat, at the sets of Harikrishnans. The megastar, who is a huge fan of 'pothichoru' got it to the sets one day, for lunch. But the packet was immediately snatched by his co-star Mohanlal.
From the next day, Mammootty started bringing 'pothichoru' for both him and Mohanlal. Later, Mammootty began serving biriyani for the entire crew of all his films and has been following the custom from the past 19 years.
Cham Muslims assembled outside Boeung Kak's Al-Serkal Mosque last week to protest against City Hall's decision to build a road that will run just 50 metres from where the mosque sits. Photo supplied
Opponents of new road gather at B Kak mosque
Hundreds of Cham Muslims protesting a divisive road to be built on the land of a Boeung Kak mosque this weekend appealed to higher powers for intervention: Allah, and Prime Minister Hun Sen.
On Friday, believers spilled onto the stairs of the Al-Serkal Mosque and prayed, but prayer soon turned to peaceful protest. While riot police watched on, there were no outbreaks of violence. Vocal road opponent Ahmad Yahya said the vast display undercut the outcome of a meeting held at the mosque in the days prior, where many of the Kingdom's imams voted in favour of building the road, which will sit 50 metres from the mosque.
“We are Muslim, so we have to pray to God and ask God to not allow these people to build this road,” Yahya, a secretary of state at the Ministry of Social Affairs, said.
He repeated his assertion that last week's vote by imams was a media stunt and that the majority of Cham Muslims opposed the road, a claim proponent Othsman Hassan, a Labour Ministry secretary of state, denied.
Hassan urged that more weight be given to the imams from across Cambodia and the seal of approval from Grand Mufti Sos Kamry, rather than the protesters. “Those who support [me] are the representatives of their villages and communes and districts, but Ahmad Yahya's supporters are only from Chraing Chamreh I and II [communes in Phnom Penh] – we need to make a clear division,” Hassan said.
He added both opponents and supporters of the road go to pray on Fridays and said the weekend's demonstration was merely opponents taking advantage of a large congregation for political ends.
According to Phnom Penh Deputy Governor Khuong Sreng, Governor Pa Socheatvong was planning to meet with Yahya later today, but Yahya yesterday declared he would not “waste my time” and would send a representative instead.
He also hinted that certain road proponents had proved themselves to be “enemies of Islam”.
Sreng said City Hall was unlikely to change its position but instead hoped to sway opponents to see the benefits a road could bring.
“We are not going to continue building the road if the disagreement and conflict keeps going on like this; we need to negotiate,” he said. He added that opponents were simply misinformed and would agree after further explanation from the authorities.
Prime Minister Hun Sen has in the past nixed major development projects to appease angered residents.
End
-- 3D Printing development has been showing profitable to a couple flourishing associations. Included substance collecting or 3D printing is a strategy of making a three-dimensional solid challenge of in every way that really matters any shape from a propelled display. Dynamic layers of material are set down in different shapes.3D Printing is open in three sorts. They fuse Fused Deposition Modelling (FDM), Selective Laser Sintering (SLS) and Stereolithography (SLA). These sorts have been used by associations as shown by their essentials. Most associations lean toward outsourcing their 3D printing necessities as it extras their time and imperativeness. Recollecting this, various 3D printing organizations have come up.Australia is one of the made countries of the world. It is one the wealthiest country having twelfth greatest economy.has been looked for after on account of a great deal of associations succeeding here.Being a capital city in state Victoria, Melbourne has grabbed position on the planet's most liveable urban zones. Many top associations have their corporate home office here.has found being created a similar number of 3D Printing organizations have come up here.Energy 3D Printing Services online is cantered around present to you the best quality for your 3D printed models and work with the best advances starting at now open accessible. Discover our organizations and exchange your record for a period and cost estimation.FDM is supported by masters, originators and modelers as it is speedier. SLS advancement has broad assortment of materials. It has more conspicuous accuracy and is used by means of auto, aeronautics and amassing organizations. SLA development has more unmistakable exactness and are used by dental authorities, form and decorations industry. Notwithstanding the way that these advancements have its own specific good conditions and notwithstanding centres, it depends on your thing, its quality, impenetrability to various tests in conclusion redesigning the thing for better execution.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cocktail lovers, it's nearly that time again - Birmingham Cocktail Weekend is on Friday, July 13 - Sunday, July 15
The event will take over drinking holes across the city centre. And this year there are even more venues and cocktails.
The event kicks off at the Mailbox's Urban Rooms, where wristband holders can have exclusive tastings before heading off to seek cocktails at participating bars across the city.
When is it?
The event takes place from Friday July 13 - Sunday July 15
How does it work?
Each venue taking part in Birmingham Cocktail Weekend will offer a signature cocktail for £4 to wristband holders.
Headline sponsor Edinburgh Gin will be hosting a tasting at The Edinburgh Gin Hub @The Mailbox Urban Rooms where you can pick up your wristbands to ensure entry for all the rest of the weekend's events.
Wristbands are priced at £10.
Are there any new venues?
(Image: Graham Young)
Yes! The event is bigger than ever. Ten new venues have signed up this year. In total 40 bars are taking part this year.
The new bars include Revolution de Cuba on Temple Street, The Vanguard at 1000 Trades and Birmingham Whisky Club in the Jewellery Quarter.
The three-day cocktail celebration features Gaucho, Dirty Martini and Revolucion de Cuba.
We're excited to hear that Canalside gin haven The Distillery has also signed up for the first time to be a BCW venue.
What special events are on during Birmingham Cocktail Weekend?
There is a lot more going on than just cocktail quaffing.
Friday's activities include a masterclass in single malt whisky at the Birmingham Whisky Club and live music at a free drop in event at Harvey Nichols bar and restaurant.
Brummies can carry the party on with free entry to Nuvo's late lounge which opens at 11pm. DJs will be playing a mixture of urban, house and popular music till the early hours.
On Saturday Hotel du Vin are offering a free rum and chocolate masterclass and you can also enjoy sampling various Tanqueray gins at Jekyll and Hyde.
(Image: Sanjeeta Bains)
There is also a Bols Masterclass at canalside The Distillery where you can learn everything about the world's oldest distilled spirits brand.
On Sunday we recommend you snap up tickets for The Chambord Afternoon Tea priced at £20 (Saturday's event is already sold out)
You'll be treated to MPW's signature cocktail and enjoy a specially created Chambord Afternoon Tea, live music and sky high views.
Where exactly are all the bars taking part?
Here is our handy map:
Birmingham Cocktail Weekend 2018 - mapped View fullscreen
Wristbands are on sale now, priced at £10 from the cocktail weekend website and will allow the wearer to enjoy the exclusive signature cocktail in each participating venue for £4, as well as getting access to free tastings and events too.
Some events are free and do not require booking. Please check the website for more information.
The new venues taking part:
Hilton Garden Inn: Recess
Birmingham Whisky Club
Churchills
The Distillery
Gas Street Social
The Vanguard at 1000 Trades
Sabai Sabai
Canal House
Revolucion de Cuba Birmingham
Dirty Martini
Nuvo
Bar Opus
The Radisson Blu
And here are the rest of the venues:
AC Hotels
Lost & Found
Bodega
Island Bar
Buffalo & Rye
The Victoria
Jekyll & Hyde
Rose Villa Tavern
Gusto
Penny Blacks
Bulls Head
Be At One
Pushkar
New Alex Theatre
The Botanist
Harvey Nichols
Cosy Club
Tom's Kitchen
Marco Pierre White
Malmaison
CY Central
Amantia
Hotel du Vin
Gaucho
Edwardian Tearooms
Pitcher & Piano
Rub Smokehouse
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Monday urged commercial banks to lower their interest rates to enable farmers access loans for improved agricultural production.
Obasanjo made the call at the opening ceremony of the 2017 Niger State Investment Summit held at the Justice Idris Legbo Kutigi Conference Centre, Minna.
According to him, doing agriculture and charging the rate of interest in double digit is to promote failure.
“The interest rate of banks in Nigeria is one of the obstacles that are affecting our farmers.
“They are not able to pay banks after taking loans and at the same time still able to run their agriculture business successfully,'' he said.
Newsmen report that the summit's theme: ‘‘Advancing Agricultural Economy through Innovation and Truly Niger,'' was organised to attract investors in various fields to boost the state economy.
The summit attracted experts, industrialists, manufacturers as well as governors across the country.
The former Nigeria leader described agriculture as ‘a renewable business' that could create jobs and catapult the nation to economic prosperity.
He said paucity of funds and high interest rates were part of factors responsible for the under-development of the nation's agricultural sector.
The former president, however, advised the Niger Government to take advantage of the arable land to attract investors to embark on commercial farming in the state.
He urged the state government to create employment and market through agriculture because of its proximity to Abuja.
“A state cannot develop in isolation, you have to work with other states and take advantage of economy of scale and identify areas that are profitable; then utilise them,'' he added.
He called on the Federal Government to develop infrastructures in the state to enable farmers transport their farm produce to urban centres.
Similarly, a former Head of State, Gen. Abubakar Abdulsalami, expressed optimism that agriculture was taking a centre stage in the nation's drive to diversify the economy.
He urged commercial banks to lower their interest rates for farmers to obtain money for their agricultural activities.
According to him, the interest rate in Nigeria is 18 to 25 per cent, while for farmers it is nine per cent and 2.5 per cent in some other countries.
“If we want to make progress as a country, we need to look into our interest rate to make it easier for our farmers to access loans,'' he said.
NAN
ZAMBOANGA CITY: Another Filipino hostage of the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) escaped before dawn on Monday and was recovered by Joint Task Force (JTF) Sulu on Tapiantana Island off Sumisip town in Basilan.
In a report, JTF Sulu commander Brig. Gen. Cirilito Sobejana said that Edmund Ramos, alias Moymoy, was the fourth kidnap victim who escaped from the ASG lair.
He was then brought to Zamboanga City and reunited with his family.
The military's Western Mindanao Command earlier reported that 10 armed men believed to be members of ASG's Ajang-Ajang group, barged into the victims' campsite in Sulu Sports Complex in Patikul town and took six workers on July 15.
Two were earlier rescued by the military while the four – Ramos, Felimon Cordero, Jayson Baylosis and Joel Adanza – were held hostage and multi-million pesos ransom were demanded for their release.
On Friday, the three escaped while their captors were praying and ran until they reached a village in Talipao town where they were spotted by civilians who immediately informed the police.
The victims are all natives of Zamboanga City and working in a construction site in Sulu when the bandits abducted them.
Escape from the Abu Sayyaf is rare and authorities have blamed the terrorist group for the spate of ransom kidnappings and terrorism in southern Philippines. The group is still holding at least 20 hostages, mostly foreigners.
with DEMPSEY REYES
Recent high school graduates Jacob Kobusky, Christian Roberts and Jack Zardecki are among the elite.
They will be representing the Wyoming Valley at three of the United States service academies.
Kobusky, of Plymouth, will enter the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Roberts, of Dallas, is heading to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
Zardecki, of Dallas, is off to the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado.
The 18-year-olds headline the crop of recent graduates who are planning to enter the U.S. Armed Forces.
At least 45 local students have decided to join the military post graduation, according to information provided by local school district officials.
In the Navy
While it's difficult to get into the highly-selective service academies, Roberts had to work extra hard. After years of working to get accepted into the Naval Academy, his initial application was denied while he was in his senior year at Dallas High School in 2017.
His application then got a boost from the Naval Academy Foundation, which agreed to keep his nomination alive by sponsoring him to attend college preparatory courses this year at Wyoming Seminary while his application got another look.
Roberts, the son of Pamela and Erskine Harris, found out in April he was finally accepted just prior to graduation from Wyoming Seminary.
“It was a huge relief when I realized I was finally accepted to this dream school,” Roberts said.
Roberts said his mother served in the Navy, while his father served in the Marines, so the Naval Academy was always his preferred destination since he could become an officer in either branch afterward.
“I always wanted to serve,” Roberts said. “This was the best of both worlds. I could get a good education and then serve my country after.”
On point at West Point
After visiting the historic West Point campus, Kobusky's mind was set — that is where he wanted to train to become a military officer.
Kobusky, the son of Mark and Heidi Kobusky, said he worked hard on community service and leadership skills the past four years at Wyoming Valley West High School.
All the work paid off, he said, when he got a call from Sen. Bob Casey's office in January telling him he was accepted.
“I kind of was in shock. It took a half hour to process. I was in disbelief. Did this really happen?” Kobusky said.
An official appointment letter arrived in the mail shortly after.
Kobusky said he hopes to pursue a career in military intelligence.
“I am excited to start this next chapter in my life and make a career out of serving my country,” Kobusky said.
Kobusky's twin brother, Zachary, is entering the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps at Virginia Tech.
Running to the Air Force
Premier area distance runner Jack Zardecki said the Air Force Academy was among the schools that recruited him. West Point was after him, too.
In the end, he decided on the Air Force Academy after visiting its campus in Colorado.
“I loved it out there,” Zardecki said.
Zardecki, a track and cross-country star at Dallas High School, will participate in track and distance running at the academy. He said he will redshirt his first year to get adjusted to the Colorado altitude.
The son of John Zardecki Jr. and Monique Zlotek, Zardecki had the choice to attend many Division I schools, but decided on the Air Force Academy because the decision was beyond sports.
“I could have gone to a normal college, but when I looked at the whole aspect of what would help me the best in life, I figured it was the academy,” Zardecki said. “It's a lifetime reward.”
Contact the writer:
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055; @cvbobkal
EDITOR'S NOTE: The Citizens' Voice once again this year tried to recognize all the local high school graduates who are entering the U.S. military. Most local high schools provided names and contact information for graduates planning to join the military. We attempted to contact every student whose name was provided.
CRESTWOOD
Anthony Kovalchik, Mountain Top
Navy
“I have made the choice to join the military, the Navy in specific, for several reasons. The first and most important is, that I want to fight for my country and help protect the people who I care for. The second is, ever since I was younger, I have always wanted to be an engineer and by joining the Navy I will get the best training to do so. And lastly, my third reason is to equip the skills that will better me in my future and to provide help to the people around me to help make the country I am fighting for even better than it already is.”
Mike Williams, Mountain Top
Navy
DALLAS
Jack Zardecki, Dallas
United States Air Force Academy
“I am joining the service due to the many different aspects you are to be credited with throughout your life. The Air Force Academy stood out to me for the education services as well as the athletics when I got in touch with them and that is why I chose to sign with them because I felt like I would be in great hands throughout my life.”
Michael Biesecker, Dallas
Marine Corps Reserves
“I am joining the Marine Reserves as an intelligence specialist. I joined the Marine Corps for many reasons. My first reason is that I wanted to be a part of something that is good, something that can benefit me and everyone around me. I chose the Marines because they are the best and I want to have a challenge, something to earn. The last reason why I joined is because I wanted to better myself, to become the best that I can be so that I can help people in need.”
Collin Gleco, Shavertown
The Citadel Military College
“The reason that I am extremely motivated to serve in the U.S military or the U.S Navy in particular is because it will not only teach self-discipline, integrity and self-awareness, but commitment toward determination. As a young male citizen of the United States of America, I had grown up with all these truly wonderful opportunities because of the sacrifices of others. The way I feel, to truly show the appreciation of those who have or are serving is to be by their sides — for the fact freedom is not free. To myself, there is no greater mission than protecting our freedoms and to represent the United States values as well as my own, as well as to be a part of something bigger than myself.”
Michael Huntington, Dallas
Marine Corps
Dakotah Stoshick, Wyoming
Marine Corps
Chase Wallace, Wyoming
Air Force
GREATER NANTICOKE AREA
Matthew Daniele
Navy
HANOVER AREA
Randall Yost, Hanover Twp.
Army
“I joined the Army because I've always wanted to be somebody great. Joining the Army is probably the best thing I have ever done. I'm 18 years old and I'll be traveling the states and getting amazing benefits. The Army will provide me with the education and experience that will last my lifetime. They'll even pay for my college. I've wanted to join the Army since I was in my early teens and I'm so glad I get to serve my great country.”
Thomas Mercadante, Sugar Notch
Army
“It was a life's dream. I always have wanted to fight for and serve my country. Growing up I have always looked up to the men and women in uniform and desired to become just like them and be part of something greater than myself.”
Rayshon Ross, Wilkes-Barre
Army
“So that I can help out the country in any way possible. I also would be able to travel. Then I would become the best person I can be. I want to be able to serve my country while receiving benefits.”
Antonio Carey, Hanover Twp.
Army
“My life was one that was never easy or fun ... When I was offered this opportunity, I took it gladly as I felt I could change my life. I decided I could make a new family for myself and help to get a college fund for myself or future kids.”
Genesis Rodriguez, Hanover Twp.
Army
“I plan to join the Army to travel, help with college expenses and mostly to serve my country. I feel that myself joining the Army will make me a better woman.”
LAKE-LEHMAN
Miranda Hutchins, Sweet Valley
Navy Reserve
“I am joining the military to help better my future. By joining the Navy, I will be able to have more opportunities than I would if I did not join. Not only would I be able to help pay for college by joining, but I will have the opportunity to hopefully give myself the head start that I may need to possibly work in the police force when I am out of college and out of the Navy.”
Charles Harry
Marine Corps
Nathan Labar
Marine Corps
Destiny McHenry
National Guard
Ryan White
Navy
NORTHWEST AREA
None
PITTSTON AREA
Nathan Searfoss, Avoca
National Guard (completed basic training the summer 2017, Fort Sill, Oklahoma)
“I joined the military due to college benefits, family tradition, and also for pure patriotism.”
Alissa Dorsey, Pittston
Navy
“I am joining the Navy to give back to those who gave to me and to make a difference in the world. I have always admired our troops ever since I was a little girl and have always been grateful for what they have done for us. Joining something bigger than myself gives me purpose.”
Anthony Marshall, Pittston
Army
Sharon Sheridan, Pittston
Navy
Zachary Bryk, Dupont
Marine Corps
WILKES-BARRE AREA
GAR
Tai'Wan Bradley, Wilkes-Barre
Marine Corps
“I decided to join the Marine Corps because I know it's one of the hardest branches out there in the military. It will challenge me in life to be the best I can be, teach me discipline, and help me get to where I want to be in life. I've always wanted to be a state trooper or a police officer so I know joining the Marine Corps will put me on the right path for my future.”
Jacob Delaney, Wilkes-Barre Twp.
“Ever since I was a little kid, growing up watching military movies or TV shows I've always had an interest in it. Over the past few years I've given it a lot of time thinking about whether or not it's right for me and I believe it is. What intrigues me the most is seeing all the guys work together and having that brotherhood. A bond for life. I'm also looking into being in the state police afterwards and this would be a tremendous help.”
Ariel Boyer
Joel Tlatenchi
MEYERS
Justin Brown
Marine Corps
Andrew Brownstein
Marine Corps
Suyfyan Burroughs
Army
Tiyana Hardy
National Guard
Christopher Martinez
Marine Corps
Hunter Richie
Air Force
COUGHLIN
N/A
WYOMING AREA
Shane Sonday
Marine Corps
Madison Johnson
Air Force
WYOMING SEMINARY
Christian Roberts, Trucksville
U.S. Naval Academy
“There are a few reasons I am choosing to go into the military. One of the biggest is my family. I come from a military family with both my parents enlisted, mom in the Navy and dad in the Marines. I wanted to join also because I feel it is my duty as an able-bodied American to serve my country and plan to do so for an extended period of time. Lastly, I want to go into the military because I want to be apart of the best and there is nothing better than serving the country.”
WYOMING VALLEY WEST
Jacob Kobusky, Plymouth
U.S. Military Academy at West Point
“ I have always been interested in the military ever since I was a little kid. I was first inspired by my grandfather and two uncles that served in the Army. The older I became, the more interested I got in the armed forces. After joining various community service organizations such as the student council and Key Club, I became focused on service to my country and those around me. I soon started acquiring leadership positions within my extracurricular activities and saw the greater impact I could have as a leader. This motivated me to pursue a commission in the military as an officer in the United States Army and ultimately led me to apply and become accepted to the United States Military Academy at West Point.”
Jacob Jakubczyk, Plymouth
Marine Corps
“I am joining the United States Marine Corps because I want to better myself as a person. The military can do that and also provide a living for myself and my future family. I want to serve my country like some of my family has and do it with pride.”
Zachary Kobusky, Plymouth
Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps - Marine Option (Virginia Tech)
“I wanted to go into the military because the military is always at the forefront of change and I want to be a part of something much bigger than myself. I have also just simply been a very patriotic person ever since I was young and I've felt a strong pride in my country.”
Gary Silva
Marine Corps
Jacob M. Shelley
Marine Corps
Evan Volgness
Navy
James Bonoski
Navy
Brett McDermott
Marine Corps
London Stanislaus
Marine Corps
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How He & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces him to give up his roller-blading dreams and go on tour with her instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate her proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate his proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
2 Jan, Chitwan: The ongoing road expansion task along the Narayangadh-Muglin road section has failed to take a momentum though vehicular traffic is halted for four hours daily, causing inconvenience to commuters.
The road section is closed to traffic for four hours daily to facilitate the road widening works. This section of the road is being widened by digging the hillside along around two kilometers. The traffic is obstructed 11:00 am to 3:00 pm everyday from December 22 for the same.
The road widening drive was underway near at Kalikhola, Charkilo, Jalbire, Ghumaune and Sorhakilo along the road section.
Project Engineer Shiva Khanal said that the task of digging the hillside has not taken a momentum as the four-hour road closure was not sufficient. “The four hours during which the road is closed is a short time for the road widening work and the traffic-jam after the resumption of traffic is also causing some obstruction,” he explained. The local administration has given permission to close the traffic only for four hours instead of eight-hour demanded by project.
Although 50 per cent task of the road section had to be completed by now, only 33 per cent task has been completed.
Chief District Officer of Chitwan, Narayan Prasad Bhatta, said that many vehicles operate along the road section in the name of carrying essential goods, and this trend would be stopped immediately.
He added that road expansion drive would be completed soon even by extending the time for the same.
CDO Bhatta said, “I will make further decision to expedite road widening drive by carrying out onsite visit along with the project chief, contractors of the road section, consultants and security bodies today itself.”
Six thousand and 177 vehicles ply on the road section every day, as per the survey carried out by the Planning and Design Division of the Department of Roads. RSS
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Thousands of New Zealanders are expected at Anzac Day dawn ceremonies across the country this morning to honour the sacrifices and valour of our servicemen and women.
Today marks 103 years since New Zealand and Australian troops - Anzacs - landed on the shores of the Gallipoli Peninsula, in Turkey.
Since 1916, April 25, Anzac Day, has been the day for New Zealanders to honour the more than 300,000 New Zealanders who served their country and the 30,000 who died. It has been a public holiday since 1921.
At home and offshore today will be dawn parades, civic services and the laying of wreaths at memorials - including at the Ataturk Memorial on Wellington's coastline.
Advertisement
The biggest turnout is expected in Auckland, with dozens of planned ceremonies, but many of even our smallest communities will host ceremonies marking the special day.
The largest Auckland service will be at Auckland Domain, with a parade commencing at 5.45am and service beginning at 6am.
A civic service will follow from 10.30am.
A beautiful morning is forecast for Anzac Day dawn parades throughout the country, but those attending might want to rug up.
Clear skies overnight meant temperatures were forecast drop to freezing in places, MetService forecaster Tuporo Marsters said.
"It will be a cold start, especially out east, with frosts inland on the central plateau in the North Island and central South Island."
Out west in the North Island a slightly warmer, but more cloudy start was predicted.
There was a slight chance of a brief shower in western areas early morning, including Auckland.
However, that won't last long as mostly sunny and fine weather throughout the country is forecast, with temperatures in the late teens to early 20s.
Anzac Day weather
Whangarei
Morning cloud then fine. Southwesterly breezes. 21C high. 11C overnight.
Auckland
Mainly fine, chance early shower. Southwesterlies dying out. 20C high, 10C overnight.
Hamilton
A fine day apart from morning and evening cloud. Southwest breezes. 20C high, 6C overnight.
Tauranga
Morning cloud clearing to a fine day. Southwest breezes. 21C high, 10C overnight.
New Plymouth
Chance morning shower, then fine spells. Light winds. 18C high, 10C overnight.
Napier
A fine day. Light winds. 20C high, 6C overnight.
Wellington​
Morning cloud then fine. Northerlies developing. 17C high, 11C overnight.
Nelson​
Fine. Southwest breezes. 19C high, 8C overnight.
Christchurch​
Fine. Northeasterly developing afternoon. 16C high, 5C overnight.
Dunedin​
Fine, apart from morning cloud. Southwesterly dying out morning, northerlies developing afternoon. 15C high, 10C overnight.
ATHENS, April 23 Olympiakos Piraeus clinched their seventh consecutive Greek league title and 44th in total after enjoying a comfortable 5-0 home win over struggling PAS Giannina in their penultimate match of the Super League season on Sunday.
Goals from Marko Marin, Manuel Da Costa, two from Alberto de la Bella and an Alejandro Dominguez late penalty saw Olympiakos romp home easily against a depleted PAS Giannina team lacking six first-team regulars through suspension or injury.
The three-point haul means the Piraeus club now have an unassailable six-point lead with one match to go. (Reporting by Graham Wood; Editing by Clare Fallon)
March 31 Silver Wheaton Corp:
* Silver Wheaton provides details of annual and special meeting of shareholders, files form 40-f, and provides general corporate update
* Silver Wheaton - Alexco resources agreed to amend Alexco silver purchase agreement to adjust silver production payment from us$3.90 per ounce of silver
* Silver Wheaton - co, units provided guarantee to lenders under Primero Mining Corp's existing revolving credit facility capped at maximum of $81.5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The singer's father Joe Jackson passed away on June 27.
Janet Jackson has thanked fans for their support after the death of her father, saying it had been “a rough week”.
Family patriarch Joe Jackson died on June 27 at the age of 89.
Singer Janet, 52, posted a video on Instagram telling fans she loved them and was looking forward to getting back out on her State Of The World tour.
She said: “Hey you guys, it's been a pretty rough week.
“But we're excited. I'm excited. We cannot wait to see you.
“It's been way too long. I miss you guys so much.
“I'm about to jump on this plane and start this tour. Like I said, I can't wait to see you.”
At one stage, Janet's one-year-old son Eissa can be heard in the background.
She tells fans: “Those are my baby's footsteps you can hear.”
“I love you, I'll see you soon,” she continued.
The star added in the post's captioned: “Thank u for all your love and support. Means so much to me during this time.”
Earlier this week Janet shared a childhood picture to Instagram of her sitting on her father's knee, captioning the image with a blue heart.
💜 A post shared by Janet Jackson (@janetjackson) on Jul 3, 2018 at 5:07pm PDT
Joe Jackson died in Las Vegas and is survived by wife Katherine, eight children and several grandchildren.
© Press Association 2018
Lisa Dudley, and her partner, Guthrie McKay were shot in their Mission home in September 2008
Guthrie McKay and Lisa Dudley were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
After 10 years of waiting, Rosemarie Surakka's request for a public inquest into the death of her daughter is going forward.
Surakka's daughter, Lisa Dudley, and her partner, Guthrie McKay, were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
The BC Coroners Service announced Tuesday it has scheduled a public inquest into Dudley's death for June 11 in Burnaby.
The inquest was announced initially in 2010. According to a news release, the dates were confirmed only now, so as not to interfere with criminal proceedings, which concluded in 2017.
In 2008, McKay died at the scene, but Dudley, who was 37 at the time, stayed alive for four days before finally being discovered by a neighbour. She was airlifted to hospital, but died later that day.
Last February, a B.C. Supreme Court judge dismissed Surakka's lawsuit claiming the RCMP failed to properly investigate the death of her daughter.
Four men were eventually convicted: Jack Woodruff, Justin MacKinnon, Bruce Main and Thomas Holden.
During the investigation and four separate trials, court heard that Cpl. Mike White, the RCMP officer responding to a shots-fired call at the couple's home, left the scene after being there for approximately 10 minutes, without going inside, and did not follow up the next day.
Four years later, White was reprimanded and docked one day's pay following a review by the adjudication board.
The coroner had also previously announced its intention to hold an inquest into the death of McKay.
While the circumstances of both deaths were explored through criminal proceedings, the release said, Dudley's death raises issues that are not applicable to McKay's death, so an inquest will not be held.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
LONDON May 3 British tobacco company Imperial Brands reported lower half-year revenue and profit on Wednesday, excluding a benefit from the weak pound, as it was hurt by an industry slowdown and an investment programme.
The maker of cigarette brands including Gauloises, Winston and Kool said it was on track to meet its full-year earnings expectations at constant exchange rates.
Imperial said net revenue in its tobacco business was 3.7 billion pounds ($4.8 bln), up 9.3 percent. However, excluding the impact of exchange rates, revenue fell 5.5 percent.
Total adjusted operating profit was 1.7 billion pounds, up 6.3 percent. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, it was down 7.6 percent. ($1 = 0.7756 pounds) (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Guy Bavli is a Mentalist, illusionist, an Entertainer and a friend of Aruba. He was here last summer for a short engagement and returns this summer for a longer run every, Thursday and Friday at the Alhambra Ballroom until the end of August.
Bavli will be taking audiences on a journey into the mysteries of the human mind, as the evening is filled with mind-games and humor, demonstrating Bavli's hidden powers, which defy logic and science. His astounding telekinetic powers can move objects without the use of a touch!!
Laughter is great medicine, says Bavli, and his interactive audiences laugh and shake their heads in disbelief as he reads their mind with a mix of mentalism and illusion, psychology, physiology and intuition, that's pure entertainment.
Born in Tel-Aviv, Israel, Guy began performing before live audiences at the age of five. When he was eight years old he had his first professional performance at a swim club in Tel-Aviv, it was his first-paid show and he hasn't gotten off stage since them.
Tickets for Bavli's performances are $35 per person, including a drink during the show, children under 12 escorted by two paying adults, are free. A Dinner & Show option is $55, including a starter and a main dish, at Fusion Restaurant Wine & Piano Bar; children pay $15.
You may buy tickets at the theater or at any De Palm Tours desk, at all hotels; doors open at 7:30pm, show starts at 8pm. Ticket-holders are advised to leave their logic at the door, and take a walk on the mind's wild side.
Divi Resorts is proud to introduce the celebrity mentalist who appeared on TV more than 400 times, in more than 60 countries, and performed 1,200 shows at Caesar Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada. The show is suitable for kids 7 years and up. They will love you for taking them.
You are advised to leave your logic at the door.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern got in some practice holding a baby today as she counts down to having her own baby, due on June 17.
In line with plans announced yesterday to "stay a bit closer to the hospital", Ardern opened a new $150,000 playground at Learning at the Point community kindergarten in Pt Chevalier, close to her new Mt Albert home.
She said she also hosted a "community morning tea" this morning, including the Plunket nurse who will help to look after her baby.
"It's one of the things I loved about the Pt Chevalier community [where she and partner Clarke Gayford lived until April], and continue to love about Mt Albert, the community, here is so strong," she said.
Advertisement
"It's a wonderful place to live and it will be a wonderful place for us to raise our family."
She read the kindergarten children a book, Kimi and the Watermelon by Miriam Smith, which she remembered reading in her own childhood. It was published in 1983, when Ardern turned 3.
Jacinda Ardern reads "Kimi and the Watermelon" to children at Learning at the Point kindergarten. Photo / Doug Sherring
"When I was your age I had an older sister and she went to kindy first. I was so jealous," she told the children.
"She used to come home with little plaster cakes, do you still make those? They were made out of cardboard and a little bit of spaghetti, and I loved those spaghetti cakes and I was so desperate to go to kindy.
"So I think you are the luckiest tamariki, the luckiest children, to get to use this cool space."
Later she picked up baby Violet Crompton, who has just turned 1 and was there with her older sister Daisy, 3, and her parents Kate and Dale Crompton.
"She was just getting used to what it feels like to have a little person," Kate Crompton said.
Baby Violet kept smiling through all the attention and held out her hands to the Prime Minister.
"She's a very social little girl," her mum said. "A prime minister in training."
The children presented Ardern with gifts for her baby including a baby suit labelled "Pt Chev For Life", a cup and plate labelled "Happy growing, from Learning at the Point Kindy", and what Ardern called "mama tights".
"I'll be wearing those for a long time yet, they're so comfortable," she said.
Delphi Vaughan, 4, and other kindergarten children gave the Prime Minister a "Pt Chev For Life" baby suit. Photo / Doug Sherring
Head teacher Kristina Walkley gave her an enrolment form, warning her that the kindy had a long waiting list so she should get in early.
Ardern said Western Springs College also gave her an enrolment form when she visited yesterday, even though the baby won't be ready for college for about 13 years.
May 3 DHI Group Inc
* Announces plan for strategic divestitures of certain businesses to optimize execution of its tech-focused plan
* DHI group, inc. Announces first quarter 2017 results and intention to divest certain businesses
* Q1 earnings per share $0.03
* Q1 revenue $52.2 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.06 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Plans to divest a number of its online professional communities
* Planned divestitures include: Biospace, Hcareers, Health Ecareers, And Rigzone
* DHI group inc - company expects its year-over-year rate of revenue decline to abate later in 2017
* DHI group inc - company expects its year-over-year rate of revenue decline to abate later in 2017
* DHI group inc - planned divestitures include biospace, hcareers, health ecareers, and rigzone
* DHI group- is in process of engaging a financial advisor to evaluate opportunities to conduct value enhancing divestitures of the non-tech businesses Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Timberwolves and power forward Anthony Tolliver have agreed to a 1-year $5 Million contract and the Wolves have signed first round pick Josh Okogie. Terms of Okogie's contract have not been released. The Wolves have also retracted the offer on forward Nemanja Bjelica making him an unrestricted free agent.
Tolliver is a 6'8 33-year old journeyman who played for the Detroit Pistons last season and averaged 8.9 points and 3.1 rebounds a game last season. This will be Tolliver's 2nd stint with the Wolves. He played in Minnesota from 2010-2012.
SHARIFF AGUAK, Maguindanao: Fourteen drug psuspects were arrested in three operations that government troops launched recently in the Zamboanga City-based Western Mindanao Command's (WestMinCom) joint area of operations. Capt. Jo-ann Petinglay, WestMinCom spokesman, said members of the Marine Battalion Landing Team 3 (MBLT 3) and the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) arrested Samsula, Najil and Jahibol Orok in Barangay Masjid Bayle, Sulu, on Sunday. Petinglay said the PDEA and the MBLT3 seized from the suspects five sachets containing white crystalline substance suspected as shabu and drug paraphernalia. A day earlier, personnel of the 42nd Infantry Battalion and Liloy Municipal Police Station in Zamboanga del Norte arrested 10 drug pushers. They were identified as Marlon Vergara Cubol, 43; Jeffrey Ortega Ehidio, 34; Maria Sheila Luta Ehidio, 32; Dunhill Buga-Ub, 26; Jeffrey Campaner Rusiana, 32; Roger Tuting, 30; Francis Barbacias Patrocinio, 39; and Franklyn Manait, 36, all from Barangay Fatima, Liloy, Zamboanga del Norte; Melvin Paradel Borgonia, 39, from Barangay Baybay, Liloy, Zamboanga del Norte; and Leo Tayrus Tejero, 38, from Barangay Villam Tejero, Liloy, Zamboanga del Norte. The suspects were arrested by virtue of search warrants served in Barangays Fatima, Baybay, Villam Tejero and Causwagan. Seized from them were 17 small sachets and three big sachets of suspected shabu, an improvised scooper, six lighters, seven rolls of aluminum foil, marked money worth P2,240, two cellular phones, two Dorco blades and two match boxes. All suspects were brought to the Liloy Integrated Health District Hospital for medical examination. Village officials of Baybay, Villam Tejero, Causwagan and Fatima were present during the inventory of the illegal items that were seized. Meanwhile, an operation launched by the 19th Infantry Battalion and the PDEA in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) also resulted in the arrest of Kadaffy Coronel Sinsuat in Barangay Lower Capiton, Datu Odin Sinsuat, Maguindanao.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday:
1. HIGH-STAKES DIPLOMACY PLAYING OUT
A senior North Korean official arrives in New York in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage their on-again, off-again nuclear summit.
2. 'I'M STILL ALIVE'
Advertisement
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko walks into a news conference a day after police said he had been assassinated. Authorities say his death was staged to foil a plot on his life by Moscow's security services.
3. GRAND JURY INDICTS HARVEY WEINSTEIN
The indictment on rape and criminal sex act charges furthers the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
4. WHICH CONSPIRACY THEORY IS BEING DEBUNKED
There's no evidence that the FBI planted a "spy" on Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican says, despite the president's repeated assertions.
5. IN MIDEAST, AN UNEASY TRUCE
With a cease-fire declared, Israel and Hamas appear to have avoided — for now — a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes.
6. WHY DRUG COMPANY ISN'T TAKING BLAME
The maker of Ambien says that "racism is not a known side effect" after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel her show.
7. WALMART WORKERS GET COLLEGE ON THE CHEAP
America's largest private employer is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
8. WHAT'S FUELING TRADE TENSIONS
Europe braces for the U.S. to announce restrictions on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs.
9. BELTWAY ABUZZ OVER MELANIA'S WHEREABOUTS
The first lady tries to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks, tweeting that she's "feeling great."
10. WHOSE CAUSE REALITY TV STAR IS CHAMPIONING
Kim Kardashian West visits the White House to advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offenses.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Three men who blew up cash machines - stealing almost £150,000 - have been jailed for a total of 53 years.
Police said Joel Spears, Ermias Fekade and Stephen Fahri created uncontrolled gas explosions as they stole cash points from petrol stations and Post Offices in seven different towns and villages, including targeting a Post Office in Hurstpierpoint.
The explosions caused more than £150,000 worth of damage to the machines and nearby buildings. In total the trio stole £148,250.
Police said Spears, 31, of Becket Close, Wimbledon, London, and Fekade, 36, of Moyne Close, Hove, were both found guilty of conspiracy to cause explosions and steal after a six-week trial at Croydon Crown Court.
They were sentenced to 20 and 16 years respectively in prison while Fahri, 36, of Mayfield Crescent, Brighton, was given 17 years after pleading guilty to the same offence at an earlier date.
Detective Inspector Vicki Tomlinson, of Sussex Police investigations, said: “The defendants targeted small Sussex towns and villages, causing substantial loss to local businesses, in addition to disruption and concern for the local communities. Through our evidence gathering and close working relationship with the Metropolitan Police, we are pleased with the hefty sentences quite rightly imposed on these men.”
The crooks hit ATMs at four different locations in Sussex.
Police said £54,000 was stolen from the Post Office in High Street, Hurstpierpoint, after the ATM outside the front of the shop was blown up at 4am on March 23 last year.
A cash machine was exploded and £20,000 was stolen at a Post Office in Shoreham while £33,000 and £5,000 were taken from ATMs at a Post Office in Saltdean and Bexhill train station respectively.
Other places targeted included Esso garages in Bromley and Burnham, a Texaco in Reigate and another Post Office in Tunbridge Wells.
Police said the men were caught following an investigation by the Met's Flying Squad into a linked series of cash machine thefts between January and April 2017.
Gas cylinders, electrical wire and a sledgehammer used in the incidents were found in a falsely registered Ford Mondeo estate parked up in Poynings.
Officers added the gang also used high-powered stolen vehicles with stolen number plates and wore balaclavas to conceal their identities.
Detectives linked the gang to the offences through CCTV, mobile phone records and forensic evidence.
All three were arrested on April 20 last year after an attempt was made to explode a cash machine in Tunbridge Wells.
Detective Chief Inspector Nick Blackburn, of the Met's Flying Squad said: “The lengthy sentences handed out by the judge today reflect the high-risk nature of the offending. These defendants caused extensive damage to the cash machines but also the surrounding buildings which included residential premises. The Flying Squad has once again made it clear that we will relentlessly pursue those with the audacity to conduct such criminality.”
The Flying Squad were assisted by Safercash, a not-for-profit intelligence-sharing initiative.
Sarah Staff, head of Safercash, said: “The outcome of this investigation is an excellent example of the Metropolitan Police Flying Squad's dedication and ability to tackle serious and organised crime at the highest level. Safercash continues to support the partnership work between the UK Police Service and the financial and security industry whose staff and employees are affected by these serious crimes.”
March 30 Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 1.4 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/KzbuUH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Sweet science pundits Joe Santoliquito, aka “Philly Joe,” and Michael Woods, aka “Brooklyn Mike,” dig up fresh news and dish spicy opinion on all facets of the fight game in this fast-moving boxing podcast. Yes, expect Philly-style decorum and Brooklyn-type diplomacy while they rap about the big bouts and famed fighters.
In this episode: Pascal wins his farewell fight, Truax upsets DeGale, Rigondeaux upsets everyone, Lomachenko is scary and more!
Fight Facts is available on iTunes! (Note: New episodes can take some time to appear and be searchable in the iTunes store, but you'll get them immediately if you subscribe to the feed.) Or listen to and download the file from the player above. You'll find our entire podcast archive by clicking the PODCASTS link at the top of this page.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Treasury Department just gave Republicans ammunition that their tax cuts would pay for themselves.
But the one-page memo relies on a mathematical gimmick: It includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
The Treasury Department report enables President Donald Trump to claim that the Senate tax overhaul would pay for itself, even though outside analyses show otherwise.
Advertisement
When the same report tries to estimate how much growth the tax cuts would actually produce, it also finds that the national debt would likely increase by at least $1 trillion during the next decade.
Many economists and tax experts were quick to dismiss the Treasury memo.
"It's a joke," David Kamin, a law professor at New York University and former economic policy aide in the Obama White House, said on Twitter.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said, "It's no more than a thinly veiled attempt by the Trump administration to cover up an economic agenda that showers corporations with goodies while taking money and health care away from those who need it most."
Most economic analyses — including one by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation — assume that the tax cuts would cause the debt to rise significantly because the cuts would fail to deliver significantly faster growth.
An analysis of the Senate plan released Monday by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found that even after factoring in additional economic growth, deficits would rise by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years when including the additional interest costs.
A separate analysis by the Penn Wharton Budget Model found a similarly sized increase in budget deficits.
None of the top academic economists surveyed by the University of Chicago said the tax cuts would likely generate enough growth to pay for themselves.
The Treasury Department report, though, might provide a tool for Republican lawmakers to sell to a skeptical public tax cuts that largely help corporations and the wealthy. Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have said that the tax cuts wouldn't add to budget deficits.
March 30 Mahindra And Mahindra Ltd
* Says company statement "supreme court order banning the sale of BS III vehicles"
* Says "unexpected ruling" will have a one-time material impact even on co
* Co respects order of supreme court, shall fully abide by it
* Co attempts to ensure sustainability in all operations and products as feasible
* Says co trying to liquidate as much of co's and dealers BS III inventory as possible by March 31
* Will make every attempt to minimise one-time impact of order on co's financials Source text - (bit.ly/2nm02D1) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dolphin Entertainment Inc:
* DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $30 MILLION - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2nxsqEh Further company coverage:
(Repeats Tuesday report)
* Kyrgyz-born suspect lacked links to jihadist groups
* On social media, he showed interest in conservative Islam
* But no indication he might resort to violence
* Jalilov worked in sushi restaurant - acquaintance
By Maria Tsvetkova and Denis Pinchuk
MOSCOW/ST PETERSBURG, Russia, April 4 Akbarzhon Jalilov, the man suspected of blowing up a Russian metro train, represents a new wave of radical Islamists who blend into local society away from existing jihadist movements - making it harder for security forces to stop their attacks.
His pages on the Russian equivalent of Facebook show Jalilov's interest in Wahabbism, a conservative and hardline branch of Islam. But they give no indication that he might resort to violence, presenting a picture of a typical young man leading a largely secular life.
Fourteen people were killed and 50 wounded in the suicide bomb attack on Monday on the metro carriage in St Petersburg. Russian state investigators said the suspected bomber was Jalilov, a 23-year-old born in the mainly Muslim ex-Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan.
If radical Islamism was indeed his motive, he will be distinct from two previous waves of attackers - those from Russia's restive North Caucasus region who fought successive rebellions against Moscow; and a later group who went to Iraq and Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State group.
The new generation may take inspiration or instruction from people involved in those previous fights, and are drawn from the same Muslim communities.
However, they are not directly linked to those militant organisations and have not created the trail of arrest warrants, tapped phone calls, travel documents and monitored border crossings on which security forces usually rely to keep tabs on violent Islamist radicals.
"It's a completely different kind, a different level of terrorist threat from the one that Russian security services are used to dealing with," said Andrei Soldatov, a Russian expert on the intelligence services.
Security services typically look for an organisation and financing network behind a terror attack, he said, but those may not exist in cases such as the metro bombing. "It's very difficult to counter things like this," Soldatov said.
British police have run into similar problems investigating the case of Khalid Masood, who sped across Westminster Bridge in a car last month, killing three pedestrians and injuring dozens more, before stabbing a policeman to death. Shot dead by police, Masood also had no known links to jihadist groups.
THE ENEMY WITHIN
Jalilov is typical of millions of young Muslim men living in Russia. There was nothing apparent from his background and lifestyle that made him stand out for the authorities.
An ethnic Uzbek from the southern Kyrgyzstan city of Osh, he moved with his father to St Petersburg for work several years ago, according to neighbours in Osh.
In Russia, he worked with his father as a panel beater in a car repair shop, they said. An acquaintance from St Petersburg said Jalilov had worked for about a year in a chain of sushi restaurants. A second acquaintance said he was a fan of sambo, a form of martial arts popular in Russia.
He owned a Daewoo car, according to a source in the Russian authorities, and was registered at an apartment in a quiet, upscale neighbourhood of suburban St Petersburg.
A person who said he was a representative of the apartment's owner said Jalilov had never lived there, but that he had granted him with a temporary registration at the flat as a favour to some mutual acquaintances.
Jalilov's page on VKontake, a Russian social media website, has photographs showing him wearing stylish Western dress, in a restaurant with friends and smoking a hookah pipe. His listed interests included a pop music radio station and mixed-martial arts. His page had a link to the home page of boxer Mike Tyson.
But he also had an interest in religion: the page had links to a website in Russian called "I love Islam" which features quotations from the Koran, and another called IslamHouse.com, which said it aimed to help people get to know Islam.
Another VKontakte page which belonged to Jalilov included links to a site featuring the sayings of Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, an 18th century preacher on whose teaching Wahabbism is based.
AVENGING SYRIA
Security officials and people involved in radical Islam say the earlier generations of violent Islamists are now largely out of the picture.
Militant in the North Caucasus are hounded by security forces, pushed into forest hideouts, and too pre-occupied with staying alive to be able to launch attacks on Russian cities.
Meanwhile, the thousands of people from Russia and ex-Soviet republics who fought alongside Islamic State in Syria and Iraq are on the radar of Russian intelligence. Tipped off by Turkish intelligence which tracks jihadists' movements into and out of Syria, Russia arrests them when they return home or prevents them from entering the country.
An attack near Moscow last year may have marked the emergence of the new generation of radicals.
Usman Murdalov, 21, and his friend Sulim Israilov, 18 travelled from their home in Chechnya, in the north Caucasus, to a Moscow suburb, armed themselves with axes, and attacked a traffic police post. They were shot dead.
Their families said they had no idea they were involved in radical Islamism. But in a video posted online a day later, they professed loyalty to Islamic State, and made reference to the Russian military intervention in Syria.
"We are calling this a revenge operation, revenge because you are killing our brothers, because you are killing our brothers and sisters every day in Iraq and Syria," one of the two attackers said in the video.
Islamic State, its grip on territory in Syria and Iraq weakening, has switched its focus to inspiring sympathisers elsewhere. Avenging Russia for its role in the Syria conflict has been a prominent theme on the group's social media sites.
Shortly after Russia launched its military operation in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in 2015, the group released a video where it threatened to attack Russia very soon, described Russians as kafirs, or unbelievers, and said that "the blood will spill like an ocean".
RECRUITING GROUND
That propaganda finds fertile ground inside Russia among the millions of Muslims from Russia's North Caucasus and Muslim migrants from ex-Soviet central Asia. Many do menial, low-paid jobs; they are regularly stopped by police for document checks, and they often face racial discrimination.
Two men from central Asia who fought alongside Islamist radicals in Syria described how they had been radicalised while they were working in Russia.
One, who gave his name as Boburjan, spoke to Reuters in a jail in Osh in 2015 where he was serving a sentence for his activities in Syria. He said he had come to Moscow to work on a construction site. At a Moscow mosque, he was approached by a man who showed him videos of Middle Eastern conflicts.
"That man said: 'Look, infidels are killing us, they rape our women and children, and we must defend our fellow Muslims'," he said.
The second man said he was working as a cook in an Uzbek restaurant in central Moscow. "Some of the guys I knew said: 'We must go and wage jihad'," said the 22-year-old man, who gave his name as Khalijan. (additional reporting by Svetlana Reiter, Polina Nikolskaya, Olzhas Auyezov, Hulkar Isamova and Olga Dzyubenko; writing by Christian Lowe; editing by David Stamp)
A man has been released pending a report to the PPS after being arrested this morning in connection with an IRA bomb attack that killed a Catholic nun and three police officers.
The 54-year-old suspect had been detained at Belfast International Airport.
He is the second man detained in relation to the 1990 attack in Co Armagh in less than a week.
A 55-year-old man arrested and questioned last Thursday was released pending a police file being submitted to Northern Ireland's Public Prosecution Service.
Sister Catherine Dunne, Constable William Hanson, Reserve Constable Joshua Willis and Reserve Constable David Sterritt were killed when a landmine exploded on the Killylea Road, Armagh, on July 24 1990.
Another woman was seriously injured in the blast.
The arrests have been carried out by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's legacy investigation branch.
The suspect detained on Monday has been taken to the PSNI's serious crime suite at Musgrave station in Belfast.
This evening a PSNI spokesman said the 54-year-old arrested this morning in connection with a bomb attack in Armagh in 1990 that killed three police officers and a Catholic nun, "has been released pending a report to the PPS".
Bentley, Gibson, Kopecki, Smith, P.C. is one of the most qualified and reputed law firms in Berks County, PA, which has highly skilled and seasoned lawyers for handling divorce cases. Their lawyers have 40 years of combined experience in divorce cases and they have helped many people in Berks County. Divorce lawyers at their firm will understand the seriousness of the divorce cases, so they can provide a personalized legal guidance to their clients and give successful results in divorce litigations.
With an experienced legal team, the Bentley, Gibson, Kopecki, Smith, P.C is handling the both contested and uncontested divorce cases. They will give detailed information to their clients on how to create a valid reason for the separation agreements for dividing the property during a separation and a divorce.
Service Areas
Attorneys at Bentley, Gibson, Kopecki, Smith, P.C. have been handling divorce cases and gave successful results to their clients in:
• Postnuptial and marital separation agreements
• Spousal support
• Division of property
• Child custody
• Child support
• Military divorces
• Same-sex marriage issues
• Relocations
It is very hard to deal with a divorce case alone, so you have to seek an experienced legal professional, who knows more about the Berks County divorce law. They can help you in your divorce case and guide you through the divorce process. Their experienced divorce lawyer will help you by gathering all necessary legal documents in the divorce case, and help you to get the divorce faster and also will reduce the stress and expenses.
About Bentley, Gibson, Kopecki, Smith, P.C.
Bentley, Gibson, Kopecki, Smith, P.C. is one of the highly recommended law offices for handling divorce cases in Berks County. They have well knowledgeable divorce lawyers in their firm and providing a free initial consultation to their clients. With the smart negotiation skills, their divorce lawyers can help their clients in division of property, relocations, military divorces and many more. They provide a proper guidance to their clients to achieve the best outcome result in the divorce cases. To know more information about lawyer for divorce in Berks County, visit https://bentley-law.com/family-law/divorce/
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Tesla is demonstrating how its electric cars can generate valuation staying power. Chief Executive Elon Musk oversaw a loss that missed Wall Street expectations by a country mile, even as the top line clocked in ahead of forecasts. More importantly, he's vowing that annual Model 3 production alone can meet the company's full target by the end of next year.
Musk has made a habit of missing goals in the past. Good executives do learn from their mistakes and Tesla has taken several steps to try to bulk up its facilities, including buying automated manufacturing firm Grohmann Engineering six months ago. Deliveries of 25,000 Model S and Model X vehicles in the first three months of the year were 69 percent higher than a year ago.
Growing from the 76,000 that rolled off the line last year to a run rate of half a million in 2018 would be a big shift, however. There are already signs of internal friction: Klaus Grohmann, who founded the eponymous firm Tesla acquired, was ousted last month after clashing with Musk over strategy, Reuters reported, citing an unnamed source.
Taking the Model 3 from scratch – the first customer-ready cars are due this summer – to a run rate of half a million within 18 months would mark an astounding feat. Even if Musk can pull it off, there are potential problems.
First, the margins on a car with a base price of $35,000 will be much lower than ones on the Models S and X, which fetch at least $80,000 apiece. Even with mass production, Tesla is unlikely to achieve pre-tax margins much better than the 10 percent to 12 percent to which the likes of Daimler and BMW typically aspire.
Second, competition is heating up. At the luxury end, Jaguar is set to start selling its I-Pace next year, while GM's Chevy Bolt, a Model 3 competitor, hit the market last November. Plenty of others are joining the fray, too. That could very well crimp Tesla's sales or profitability – or both.
At almost 26 times 2020 estimates, Tesla's stock is trading at a level implying Silicon Valley-style margins of 30 percent and near-perpetual vehicle-sales growth. Despite Musk's undeniable kinetic energy, that's simply unjustifiable.
Have your say
Newton Faulkner, King Porter Stomp, La Chiva Gantiva and GRRRL will headline the Greenbelt Festival which returns to the county at the end of this month.
Dozens musicians will be playing at the multi-arts festival which takes place over the August band holiday at Boughton House near Kettering.
Greenbelt is a multi-art festival combining music, visual and performing arts, spirituality, comedy, talks and discussion.
Friday headliners King Porter Stomp blend Afro funk, dub reggae rhythms, harmonious hooks and conscious rhymes.
Their eight year journey has taken them from their home town of Brighton to performing at major venues and festivals across Europe.
With two critically acclaimed albums and a nomination for ‘Best Group' in the Songlines World Music Awards to their name, the band released their latest album Way Back this year.
Other acts playing on the Friday include Apo and the Apostles, Faisal Salah, Genevieve, Hardwick Circus, Jordan Mackampa, Native Sun, Poetic Pilgrimage, TotAard and Yvonne Lyon.
Saturday headliners La Chiva Gantiva formed in Brussels when three Colombian immigrants came together with the desire to celebrate their cultural roots.
Their Afro-Colombian and traditional rhythms quickly gathered more musicians from across the world.
Joining them on the Saturday are acts including Kate Rusby, Clean Cut Kid, CC Smugglers, Remedy, Wildwood Kin, Moussa Dembele and Will Varley.
Newton Faulkner headlines the Sunday night. Faulkner's latest album Human Love is his first for new label BMG and described as an ‘alluring maelstrom of rhythm and harmony'.
The album combines racing drums, African percussion, chanted choruses, ambient interludes and the most imposing hooks of his career to date.
Other acts place the Saturday include Joanne Shaw Taylor, Jess Morgan, Yael Deckelbaum, Dan Donovan and No Violet.
Finally, the Monday night will be headlined by GRRRL, an electronic collaboration of female artists from areas of conflict around the world, fusing dark techno, hip-hop, dancehall, reggae, soul and electronica.
For several years, Greenbelt has been working with In Place Of War which has spent 13 years working with women in creative communities in some of the most challenging parts of the world.
GRRRL showcases rebellious, independent, underground, revolutionary women who are promoting peace, fighting injustice and creating change through their music.
Under the musical direction of Brazil's Laima Leyton (Mixhell/Soulwax), GRRRL comprise of Mercury Prize Winning rapper Speech Debelle, Zimbabwe's AWA, the Queen of Brazilian Dancehall Lei Di Dai, the Young Lioness Of Africa Wiyaala, original Nu-Jazz and folk singer from Cape Town Nono Nkoane, Bangladeshi vocalist Sohini Alam and DJ and percussionist from Venezuela – MABE.
As well as their mainstage closing performance, GRRRL and IPOW will also lead an afternoon of workshopping in the festival's Red Tent venue around Women, Music and War.
Other acts playing on the Monday include 47 Soul, Aar Maanta, Chris Duckett, Jasmine Kennedy, Joyride, Lazy Habits, Nick Parker and the False Alarms, Sound of the Sirens, Lee Bains III and the GloryFires, Mahalia, The Unsung Roots, Thabang Tabane and Sibusile Xaba, Marsicans, Will Whison and Zamaan.
Weekend and day tickets are available with concessions available. Adult day tickets start from £22 with adult weekend tickets £185.
For full details of Greenbelt's line up and to book tickets, visit www.greenbelt.org.uk
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn, best known as one of Apple's major suppliers, is to build a $10 billion manufacturing campus in Mount Pleasant – a village in Racine County, Wisconsin. It had been suspected that the company would choose this location, and officials finally confirmed the news earlier this week.
Back in June, in was reported that Foxconn had narrowed the search for its new display plant to seven states — Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, and Texas. The company says it will build an industrial campus with around 20 million square feet of office space across 1.56 miles.
Foxconn will manufacture liquid crystal displays at the plant, which will be used in everything from self-driving cars to aircraft, as well as consumer products such as phones and televisions.
The campus will consist of a multibillion-dollar thin-film transistor liquid crystal display plant, a facility to package LCD modules, a skill-intensive facility focused on molding and tool-and-die processes, and an assembly operation to produce end-device units.
County and village officials offered Foxconn a $764 million incentives package to move to Mount Pleasant, on top of up to $3 billion from the state — providing the company can fulfill its jobs promise. Foxconn is expected to hire around 13,000 people on average salaries of $53,000, and the plant could attract around 150 Foxconn suppliers to the area, who will bring additional jobs.
"I think it's going to be really good. The economy ought to pick its way up around here. It's been dragging a little here in Racine (County)," Michael Rosenbaum, a village trustee in the town of Sturtevant, told the Chicago Tribune.
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 South Africa's welfare department is making benefit payments to 17 million people across the country after a court battle involving the service provider averted a fiasco that had put their entitlements at risk, officials said on Monday.
The Constitutional Court last month ordered the government to pay social grants on April 1 via its current service provider, and sharply censured Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini, calling her inaction in resolving the crisis incomprehensible.
The controversy over the grants stems from the social welfare department failing to take responsibility for social service payments or to find a new provider after the Constitutional Court ruled in 2014 that the tender won by Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), a unit of technology company Net1 , was illegal.
"We want to say again we are very sorry about what happened ... they are happy that their money is here," Dlamini said on Monday, after touring various pay points around the country to supervise the payments.
The funding is a lifeline for the country's most vulnerable and includes more than 11 million child support grants.
Each month long queues form at pay points across the country as people wait for money that is often the difference between going to bed hungry or not.
More widely, South African President Jacob Zuma is facing a confrontation with senior members of the ruling African National Congress after the currency plunged following the dismissal of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister on Friday. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso; Editing by James Macharia and Andrew Bolton)
A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane collapsed. Lauderhill Fire Rescue spokeswoman Jerry Gonzalez says the crane was being used to put up Florida Power and Light electric poles when it fell onto two houses. South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP Carline Jean
Chris Hemsworth as Thor, left, with the Hulk, two “friends” from work in “Thor: Ragnarok.” AP
Contact
Pushpanjali Singh
***@spheretravelmedia.com Pushpanjali Singh
End
-- In a constant endeavour to facilitate all the facets of travel and tourism industry on a single platform,India International Travel Mart is ready to set its tone for 2017-18 edition of its travel trade exhibitions held across the foremost cities of India. The Exhibition will commence in Chennai followed by Bangalore, Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, Kochi and will conclude its 2017-18 journey in Kolkata.Dates for 2017-18 IITM Events areThe participating companies will be from wide range of Tourism and Hospitality industry including National Tourist Organizations & State Tourism Promotion Boards, Convention Bureaus, Trade Associations, Airliners, Cruise liners, Destination Management Companies, Holiday Financers, Online Travel Portals, Hotels and Resorts, Travel Trade publications and many more.Expressing his delight for IITM events Mr. Denesh Silva, Director, Marketing & Sales, Amaya Resorts & Spas, Sri Lanka saidBuilding on the success of the previous editions, team IITM is all prepared and enthusiastic about creating a cutting edge and bespoke platform for new participants as well as taking their loyal partners to a whole new level of business networking and client acquisition.With more than two decades of valuable experience, India International Travel Mart seeks to provide a comprehensive panorama of the best of what the travel industry has to offer. IITM is a pioneer in travel-trade exhibitions and strives to foster a vibrant environment for business –to – business and business – to – client organizations. IITM events represent a showcase of diverse range of destinations and industry sectors to Indian and International travel professionals.
Smartwatches are great. Or they would be if you didn't have to remember to charge them almost every other day. Go for something with a six-month battery and you'll sacrifice features; go for something with lots of features and you'll have to keep your charger cable handy. Before long your expensive watch gets thrown in a drawer and forgotten about.
The Matrix PowerWatch aims to redress that balance a little, with people-powered technology. That sounds a little more sinister than it is: the watch uses your body heat to charge its battery. The device also claims to measure the calories you burn, your activity and your sleep. It's water resistant to 50m, and although it doesn't rival the functions of an Apple Watch it certainly covers the basics. Shipping costs are high, though – an eye-watering $70 on top of the PowerWatch's $199 price.
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte will not fire Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon just yet despite a recommendation from the House of Representatives, but will wait for what the Senate has to say, as well, a Malacanang spokesman said on Tuesday.
“The President will wait for the report of both chambers of Congress before deciding how to best address the issue,” Abella said.
“We will await the reports [of both House and Senate committees],” said Abella amid the ongoing congressional investigation as to how the P6.4 billion worth of illegal drugs were smuggled into the country, a shipment that even went through the Bureau of Customs' green or express lane.
The House recommendation to dismiss Faeldon came from the committee on dangerous drugs chaired by Rep. Ace Barbers of Surigao del Norte.
At the Senate hearing on Tuesday, Faeldon blamed Larribert Hilario, head of the Customs' Risk Management Office (RMO) for his supposed failure to raise the red flag.
Hilario argued, however, that the RMO was only in charge of determining the risk factors of a shipment.
Faeldon has also been under fire from lawmakers over his decision to raid Barangay Ugong Valenzuela City warehouse only with a Letter of Authority coming from him instead of a search warrant.
Lawmakers also questioned Faeldon's competence as head of the BOC.
Only one of the five craters under a controlled delivery operation of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) was opened, leaving four other craters containing around 500 kilograms of shabu in the Valenzuela warehouse to be used as evidence against warehouse owner Richard Tan.
The Dangerous Drugs Act states that PDEA is mandated to “take charge and have custody of all dangerous drugs and/or controlled precursors and essential chemicals seized, confiscated or surrendered to any national, provincial or local law enforcement agency, if no longer needed for purposes of evidence in court.”
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Beijing eGOVA Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 30 percent, or to be 9.2 million yuan to 10.9 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (8.4 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aGdDLJ
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Please join me in voting a resounding no on the Regional School Unit 5 bond issue to raise $1.5 million for an athletic field that's sole purpose is to outshine the wealthier towns to the south. This project has been rejected twice by the voters and the message this sends to the children whose parents support this endeavor is that if you do not get what you want the first time, keep going back until you do. It's also terribly unfair to hold this election in January, when driving could be bad and the last thing on anyone's mind is voting.
Not only is the aim to raise more money, which raises more taxes, again, but to re-purpose $1.1 million in savings on the high school renovation when that money should be returned to the hard-working, over-taxed citizens of the towns.
The high school was dated and in need of attention. The athletic fields can be improved with the original $600,000 that was allotted in the passing of the original bond issue. Beyond that, if the athletic supporters want more, go back to the well in your fundraising efforts, but please don't burden us with higher taxes, yet again.
Eric Bowie
Durham
PLANTATION, FLA. (WSVN) - A chain-reaction crash involving six vehicles sent nine people to the hospital and closed several lanes along State Road 7 in Plantation.
Plantation Police and Fire Rescue are on the scene of the crash along the southbound lanes of the roadway, just north of Broward Boulevard, Monday afternoon.
All but one lane is open to traffic. Officials advised motorists to avoid the area and seek alternate routes.
7Skyforce HD hovered above the scene as a tow truck driver prepared to take away some of the vehicles involved in the crash.
Officials have transported the injured to a nearby hospital.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DEIR EZ-ZOR(Sputnik) — The boy and his family have experienced tragedy in their lives, and though they survived, they could not get used to it. Dialogue with the family was interrupted by terrorist shelling, and we witnessed the consequences of this and took part in saving the child.
Eleven Shell Fragments
With the crew of VGTRK reporter Evgeny Poddubny and local elderly man Jamal, we arrived in the Al-Qusur quarter of Syria's Deir ez-Zor.
“My name is Isa [‘Jesus' in Arabic], I'm five years old. Yes, it hurts, you want to talk about it,” the child says, sitting on the couch and looking away.
Isa has a scar along his entire face and one toe missing on his left foot.
“I have six children, Isa is the youngest, but has suffered the most. When he was ten months old, a shell landed near the house. It tore off his toe, injured his arms and legs, left a scar on his face, knocked his jaw out, and could not even drink breast milk. Lord, when it will end?” his mother cries, showing her injured child.
This incident was not the only one in the boy's life. Six months ago, a shell fell near the house while Iisa was playing football. A shell fragment hit him in the back less than an inch from the spine.
The mother raises Isa's t-shirt and points at the scar.
“Tell me, should I cry or rejoice? Why is this happening to us?” says the woman, trying to control herself.
There were 11 iron shell fragments in the child's body. The family hopes that an opportunity will arise to send the child to Damascus for an operation.
“Yes, they hurt, it's difficult for me to play football. This one in the leg is the nastiest,” the kid says quietly, lifting up his trousers.
Fear
Before Isa puts his T-shirt back on, a deafening explosion is heard, after which his horrified mom takes her son to a back room.
“My daughter is out in the street, my God! Help me, return her, please!” she screams, returning to us.
There is absolutely no time to think — there was a tragedy in the street that is very hard to estimate. The only thought is that there may be more than one bomb. Jamal, the cameraman and I are pushing children who had gathered around us and our equipment into the back room.
Dust And Bodies
The rocket fell 50 meters (164 feet) from the house where Isa lives. The dust from the rupture begins to dissipate, and people start to run to the intersection where the tragedy happened. It is necessary to help the victims.
It's evening, and at this time, many children play in the street while adults go shopping.
As the dust settles, the outlines of bodies begins to appear on the ground.
With fear in her eyes, Isa's mother rushes to the intersection in search of the eldest daughter.
“Do you have a car? Please, please! We must go to the hospital! Help!” Shouts a man carrying a girl of about 12 in our direction. Her knees have been turned out, the shell has gouged out her eye and has broken her nose. But the child remains conscious, she quietly asks: “What's wrong with me?”
It is not Isa's sister. We drive the car to the scene. Poddubny jumps into the back of the truck and we hand the wounded child to him.
“Take your belts off quickly! We need to stop the bleeding!” he shouts. As we remove our belts, Poddubny tightens them on child's limbs around the injuries.
“Be patient, girl, everything will be fine. Do not shake much,” he says from the back of the truck.
“Wait, take the leg, I do not know whether it's her leg or not, but you need to go to the hospital, take it for God's sake,” screams a man, running to our car with a severed leg. Jamal grabs the leg through the window and commands: “Move on!” Pedal to the floor, we are rushing towards the military hospital.
Rush
A truck of the Red Crescent and the pickup truck are approaching the hospital before us. The bodies of the dead are in the far corner. A girl of about 15, whose leg has been torn off, is neatly carried on a stretcher.
We quickly put the girl from the back of our truck onto one of the bloody orange stretchers thrown to us. She is still conscious and howling in pain.
A male nurse picks the separated leg from the car.
Poddubny's operator and technician take on the role of paramedics, carrying stretchers with the wounded to the hospital.
“Everything else does not depend on us, you were here by chance, let's go back and see what's there,” Jamal says.
On the Scene
A homemade missile made by militants destroyed the school wall and part of a classroom on the ground floor. A tent selling chocolate is fuming on the opposite side.
Blood and pieces of human flesh are dispersed all over the pavement. A boot with the detached foot of a policeman who was on duty here at the moment of the shelling lies near the patrol car.
“The seller was my friend. He was killed on the spot, just like the three policemen here,” the man says to the camera.
There is a pool of blood in the courtyard of the house opposite the school. An eight-year-old boy was killed there.
“His head is torn apart, a hand apart, and a body in his mother's hands, it's her crying that you can hear her even here,” says the man, pointing to the yard.
People go past us and, weeping, reading lines from the Quran. We and the local residents bend down to the ground with every slight rustle in anticipation of an explosion.
“Let's talk to people tomorrow. Now is not the best time, as you can see, thank you for your help, friends. You did a lot,” pale Jamal tells us, shaking our hands.
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Voskresenskiy
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
The concept of containerization, is an intermodal transportation process in which the goods are not unloaded or reloaded on to the containers from place to place. Containerization is also carried out by air, in order to transport goods from one region to another in a short period of time. The concept of containerization by air is adopted by the civil airlines as well as by the military forces.
Most of the major commercial airlines across the globe have deployed their cargo aircraft and some passenger aircraft also carry cargo goods. These airlines use custom made containers for their respective aircraft with ground handling equipment. The containers are carried on the lower deck for the passenger carrying aircraft while the cargo aircraft uses both lower and upper deck for carrying the containers.
The major factor driving the growth of the market for air cargo container is the rising demand for transportation of various goods across the globe in a short span of time. Containerization through roadways or railways or by sea takes a longer time than by air. Owing to this fact, the air cargo containerization has increased recently and is propelling the market for air cargo containers over the period. Moreover, advancement in technology has developed lightweight containers which can easily be loaded on to the aircraft. These lightweight containers are capable of carrying varied range of loads set by International Air Transport Association (IATA), and are capable of rough handling without damaging the internal goods. The benefits of the lightweight containers is boosting the air cargo container market.
The major inhibiting factor in the market for air cargo containers is the slowdown in the global economy. It has been noted the recently, the global economy has faced a slowdown due to GDP downfall in regions such as Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East. This has resulted negatively on the global container trade which includes, air cargo containers too. Another factor acting as a limitation to the air cargo container market is the increase in aviation fuel, which has led the airlines to restrict the cargo aircraft flying hours. This has resulted in decrease in container transportation through air and thus the market for air cargo container is hindered.
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22058
The air cargo container market has potential opportunities to grow in future as the number of commercial airlines is increasing at a rapid pace and the rising demand from the defense authorities to transport goods. More the number of commercial cargo aircraft, more the demand for air cargo container and thus the increasing number of cargo carriers in expected to drive the market for air cargo containers in the coming years. The demand for transporting military equipment from one place to another in short time, the military forces are using the air cargo containers. Hence, the growing demand among the defense authorities is anticipated to boost the air cargo containers market in future.
The market for air cargo containers is segmented on the basis of types of container, end user, aircraft type and by geography. On basis of container types, the air cargo containers market is segmented as refrigerated and non-refrigerated containers. The refrigerated containers include insulated LD3, LD4 while the non-refrigerated containers includes LD2. LD3, LD6, LD11, A-2 and others.
Download and View Report TOC, Figures and Tables https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=22058
The different types of aircraft types in the air cargo container market are narrow body aircraft, wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, and military aircraft. The end user of air cargo containers are commercial airlines as well as the defense forces. Geographically, the market for air cargo containers is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.
The major vendors in the air cargo containers market includes Nordisk Aviation Products (Norway), Zodiac Aerospace (France), VRR Aviation (Netherlands), Satco, Inc. (U.S.), Cargo Composites (U.S.), Granger Aerospace (U.S.), Chicago Metal Fabricators (U.S.), PalNet GmnH Air Cargo Products (Germany), ACL Airshop (U.S.). DoKaSch Temperature Solutions GmbH (Germany).
Contact
Mr Kelly Choo
+65 9125 0129
***@neeuro.com Mr Kelly Choo+65 9125 0129
End
-- Neeuro, a leading digital health company based in Singapore, today announced that they were awarded Most Promising Startup at the China Daily Innovation Awards ceremony. Presented on 13th April 2017 at the Global Sources Electronics show, the award recognizes Neeuro's efforts in creating practical solutions for consumers and organisations to measure, maintain and improve their brain fitness for daily life. Neeuro's solutions are suitable for a wide range of audiences, from children to seniors.Neeuro spent four years of research and development to create wearables and games with proprietary algorithms that were fine-tuned based on neuroscientific methods and studies. They are distinguished in providing brainwave data and analytics that let users accurately measure and track improvements in cognitive skills like attention and memory in a fun and entertaining manner – something groundbreaking in this industry.In its efforts to reach out and collaborate with more partners globally, Neeuro will be participating in the Global Sources Mobile Electronics show from 18 – 21 April 2017, where they have been awarded Analyst's Choice for product innovation.Neeuro SenzeBand is a wearable that reads brainwave signals and brain activity when worn on one's forehead. SenzeBand is not only targeted for consumers, but also for children enrichment centres, schools, geriatricians, elderly care centres, hospitals, research institutions, neurofeedback therapists, psychiatrists, universities, and other similar organisations.Paired with mobile brain applications, SenzeBand allows users to gain deeper insights into their mental states of relaxation, attention and mental workload.Through Neeuro's mobile brain applications, users can play various cognitive games that encourage brain fitness and track their training progress through reports and analytics. These games are scientifically-designed to stimulate cognitive functions such as memory, focus, decision-making, spatial awareness and cognitive flexibility.Some of Neeuro's apps also focus on cognitive development for children. With cognitive abilities being the foundation for children to learn academically and perform daily tasks well, the games integrate cognitive challenges with school subjects like Mathematics and English, to give children a holistic approach to brain fitness. Mathematics and English models developed within Neeuro's apps have been created based on Singapore's Ministry of Education Framework.Neeuro also provides a Software Development Kit (SDK) for partners to build applications around the SenzeBand. The benefits that Neeuro's solutions provide include an accurate means for users to read and understand their brain signals when conducting different tasks. While the app evaluates and measures user performances, SenzeBand provides a concise analysis of behavioural and mental states so that users can understand how they can enhance their cognitive abilities.Founded in 2013, Neeuro is the maker of SenzeBand and Memorie and is known for creating a positive social impact on communities through cutting-edge technology. The company's mission is to develop and proliferate innovative products that empower people to live happier, healthier and more productively through the use of neurotechnology and gamification.Neeuro currently serves over 50 countries and has also implemented brain fitness programmes and services in community centres and institutions working with children, among others. At present, Neeuro is continually developing applications and programmes that work together with SenzeBand to target different areas of mental wellness. They have won numerous awards, with one of the latest being Champion for Regional Best Practice in the World Summit Awards (SEA) 2016 under the United Nations framework. For more information about Neeuro, visit their website at http://www.neeuro.com/ Held during the Global Sources Electronics tradeshow at AsiaWorld-Expo, Hong Kong, the China Daily Innovation Award is set to recognize new ideas and creative works to help build an economy of innovation.
What was it like to be there when The Beatles' Sgt Pepper was being recorded?
A splendid time is guaranteed for all at an exciting four-venue event in Harrogate next month celebrating the 50th anniversary of the world's most famous album and the heady days of the Summer of Love.
The Spirit Of 67 will give 60s fans the chance to find out for themselves in a fun way what it was like to be there.
This unique multi-media event will include live music performances, an exhibition featuring the likes of Gered Mankowitz and Sir Peter Blake, the unveiling a new giant public mural of classic 67 record sleeves, a gallery talk, a book signing, plus various ‘happenings' throughout the course of a single day in Harrogate.
Running from 2pm to 10pm on Saturday, July 22, there will also be VIP guests in the shape of two figures in The Beatles' close personal circle of friends who were key figures in the creation of Swinging 60s Britain.
Coming up from London will be Mike McInnerney, who co-organised the 14 HourTechnicolour Dream at Alexander Palace in 1967, created some of the greatest psychedelic gig posters of 1967 for the legendary UFO Club and designed the cover of The Who's Tommy album.
He will be taking part in an exclusive ‘In Conversation' with Dudley Edwards, a fellow artist and close friend of Paul McCartney's who was actually in Abbey Road studios as The Beatles recorded Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band.
This unique day will see events happening in sequence at the following Harrogate venues: 108 Fine Art, RedHouse Originals, North Bar and The Factory (Poliform).
Presented by Charm, 108 Fine Art, RedHouse Originals Gallery, The Factory at Poliform North and North Bar, the event will combine nostalgia, fun, beer, art and innovation.
Artists will include the Harrogate Symphony Orchestra, Dan Webster of The Birdman Rallies, top Leeds rock band The Strawberries, acclaimed singer-songwriter Nick Ellis, DJ Rory Hoy, beatnik poet Heath Common and leading improv pianist Paul Taylor.
Tickets are strictly limited to 100 and are available now at Harrogate Theatre.
An American appeal court ruled on Friday that an Arkansas law controlling the use of medical abortion [ pregnancy termination with use of abortion pills]
Contact
Online Abortion Pill Rx
***@onlineabortionpillrx.com Online Abortion Pill Rx
End
-- An American appeal court ruled on Friday that an Arkansas law controlling the use of medical abortion [ pregnancy termination with use of] could carry on, upending a lower court's decision the law a day before it was to go into effect.The 8US Circuit Court of Appeals in St Louis sent back the case to the Little Rocks' federal district court. Telling the court that it must evaluate approx. how many women would possibly be harmed by the legislation before the case proceeded further.One of the biggest abortive healthcare clinic, which runs two to three clinics providingas well as surgical abortion in Arkansas sued the state in 2015, saying the legislation was barring women from seeking their fundamental right to abortion.The legislation necessitates that any healthcare professional doling out abortion tablets to sign an agreement with a second doctor who would reach to an agreement to handle any complications that might occur from taking the pills. It is mandatory for the contracted doctor to have admitting privileges at a hospital intended to manage emergencies related to abortion inducing medication.The US District Judge sided with the pro-choice healthcare institution in 2015, commenting that it would not able to find such a doctor and will be forced to stop offering abortive services at its clinics in Little Rock and Fayetteville.For e.g. women in Fayetteville would then have make a 380 mile [610 km] journey round trips to get to an abortive facility, something that will remain the last abortive clinic in the state.Ruling that this was an unwarranted burden on the women seeking abortive services and that the pro-choice institution would likely win its lawsuit, the US district judge approved a preliminary junction preventing the law from taking effect.Although on Friday, the appeals court overturned that command. The ruling said that the district court had "abused its discretion" and then condemned it for not being able to determine the approx. number of women that will be affected. The pro-choice healthcare reproductive service providing facility could win its case if the court found out that a 'large fraction' of women seeingwould face an unwarranted burden, however the lower court has failed to apprehend this, the ruling opined.Arkansas Attorney General welcomed the ruling, commenting in a statement that the abortive services providing clinic failed to show that the state law is substantial impediment in preventing most women from having access to abortive services.Meanwhile a spokesperson from the clinic commented that the organization was strategizing its next steps, however noted it would have 2 weeks under the appeals court rules to plea for a rehearing.She commented that the law was written by the by politicians and not healthcare professionals and is a part of national strategy to end access to abortive services state by state and law by law.Visit - http://www.onlineabortionpillrx.com
April 6 Unilever Plc
* Unilever cfo says will now report two margin measures, excluding restructuring costs, for better comparability
* Unilever cfo says to reduce number of consultants by 40 percent, number of ad agencies by half
* Unilever cfo sees capex at lower end of range of 3 to 3.5 percent of turnover
* Unilever cfo sees increasing cash conversion to 100 percent by 2020
* Unilever cfo sees sales of 3-5 percent of sales in coming years
* Unilever ceo says we remain on track to deliver full year underlying sales target of 3-5 percent
* Unilever ceo says improvement in underlying margin at least 80 basis points
* Unilever ceo says current legal structure will help it be more flexible in future regarding large m&a
* Unilever cfo says review has shown that dual structure adds complexity if spinning off a business
* Unilever cfo says having a single listing would make it easier to use equity to do an acquisition
* Unilever cfo says dual structure had served it well absent big change, but new structural changes demand rethink
* Unilever ceo says even more energized about future and hopes to continue to be part of it Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Martinne Geller)
Southcoast Urgent Care
End
-- JACAArchitects (www.jacaarchitects.com), one of New England's premier healthcare-exclusive architectural firms, announced the completion of construction and opening of the new Southcoast Health Urgent Care Center, located at 435 State Road in Dartmouth. The Center was designed by JACA Architects.The 4,200-square-foot Southcoast Health Urgent Care Center is a community resource for immediate, non-emergency care. It is staffed by a specialized team of physicians, mid-level providers and a number of ancillary and support staff, and offers a full array of services including on-site radiology and laboratory services, basic orthopedics, gynecologic and minor surgical treatments and medications.The Urgent Care Center, which was officially opened on January 31, marks the third Southcoast Health Urgent Care Center in the region (others are located in Fairhaven and Wareham). The center will be open seven days a week and was designed to diagnose and treat strains, sprains and fractures, infections, animal bites, skin conditions, burns, lacerations, contusions, and cold or flu symptoms. The center also offers some immunizations and vaccinations and school, work, and sports physicals.Matt Bluette, AIA, AICP, LEED AP, ACHA and associate at JACA Architects, and Eric Ryan, senior associate at JACA Architects, served as associates in charge of the project. Rebecca Clough, LEED Green Associate and Co-Director of Interior Design, was the project manager/designer for the project."Congratulations to Southcoast Health on this impressive addition to their offerings," said Anthony Cavallaro, president of JACA Architects. "We are excited to have contributed to the organization's ability to expand their care offerings as a result of this new center, as well as enhance the overall experience of patients to the center."JACA Architects is a 24-employee healthcare architectural firm founded in 1991 by Anthony Cavallaro, AIA, who serves as the company's president and chief executive officer. JACA focuses its practice exclusively in the field of healthcare and medical design. JACA's design work can be seen in many healthcare facilities throughout the region. A partial list of clients includes Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Lahey Health, Southcoast Health, and Cape Cod Healthcare. The firm's design expertise includes operating rooms, clinics, hospitals, physicians' offices, and all aspects of healthcare design. JACA maintains offices at 9 Billings Road, North Quincy, MA. For additional information on the firm, please visit www.jacaarchitects.com or call (617) 769-6300.
MAYA BAY, Thailand (AP) — Once a pristine Thai paradise, the secluded bay made famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie "The Beach" has been exhausted by mass tourism. It's now getting a break from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Thai authorities, who have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation, say the closure will happen every year.
It's part of a rethink happening globally about unrestricted tourism that brings big dollars but damages historic sites, harms the environment and often alienates locals. Last month, the Philippines began a six-month closure of popular Boracay Island, whose waters President Rodrigo Duterte described as a "cesspool." Venice, the famed Italian lagoon city that lives off tourism, installed gates at two access bridges during a four-day holiday in April so it could turn back visitors if numbers became overwhelming.
Many of Thailand's marine national parks are closed from mid-May to mid-October during the monsoon season but because of Maya Bay's popularity, it hasn't had a break since a Hollywood crew set foot on its sands in 1999 to film the dark backpacker tale based on a novel by Alex Garland. Its corals have been decimated by the suffocating clouds of sand and sediment churned up by speedboats.
Advertisement
"I tried to push this campaign for many many years, but you know in Thailand we are a tourism industry country and we need a lot of money, so before not so many people listened," said Thon Thamrongnawasawat, a marine biologist and member of a government committee on development and the environment. "It should have been done 10 years ago but at least it has been done," he said.
Thailand had about 35 million international visitors last year, a five-fold increase in little more than two decades.
Shi Pengfei, among the last tourists to visit Maya Bay before its closure, said he had no idea that there would be so many people on the beach.
"I feel that there are so many people here," said Shi, from Henan, China. "The government's plan to close off the beach for a few months is only natural because the ocean needs a break, a chance to recover, so that the next generation can have a better and even more beautiful destination."
But locals aren't entirely happy. The head of Phi Phi Tourist Business Association, Watrapol Jantharo, said he was surprised when the closure was announced in March.
He said locals were under the impression that Maya Bay would only be closed to boats, while visitors would still walk to the bay from the other side of the island.
"We are not against protecting our environment," he said. "We know full well that Maya Bay is our important resource, like a rice field to a farmer, but we wish there are more communications about the government's plan before the decision was made."
Thon, however, said the plan was discussed with locals for three years before a decision was made.
"In the past, we made some mistake because we think that the money is very important. But now we are trying to change our idea," he said. Overseas visitors are "very important to our country, but the most important thing is our national resource. We have to preserve and hand it to the next generation."
The government has set a limit of 2,000 tourists a day when the bay reopens — about half the current number. Boats will no longer be allowed to anchor but must dock on the opposite side of the island.
"Now that the government has this plan, we can't change it. But we could use this opportunity to tell the world that we do not just have Maya Bay. There are 10 other beautiful beaches and islands around here that tourists can enjoy," said Watrapol.
Thailand's efforts to protect certain islands after decades of unregulated tourism began about three years ago.
Yoong Island, part of the Phi Phi island chain, and Tachai Island in the Similan Islands National Park, have been off-limits to tourists since mid-2016.
Thon, who surveyed both islands recently, said he was amazed by the results. Waters that were devoid of fish are now teeming, he said, and there is about 10,000 square meters (107,600 square feet) of newly recovered coral off one of the islands.
At Maya Bay, park rangers have been preparing a coral propagation program, attaching it to rocks that will be placed in the bay once the tourists are gone.
"We're almost certain that something good will happen in Maya Bay," Thon said.
Three Missouri teens — including 17-year-olds Jared Pinkley, left, and Nathan Meurer, right — were arrested after Wentzville police say they lured a man into woods and robbed him, hoping to make him confess to raping one of the teens. Wentzville Police Department
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks at a Women's Empowerment Panel at the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
ROME Italy's preparations for hosting this year's Group of Seven major powers meetings have been hampered by the slow transition at the U.S. State Department, which has created decision-making bottlenecks, European diplomatic sources said.
The G7 draws together the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada, with countries taking it in turn to draw up agendas that they see as of pressing concern.
Italy holds the 2017 presidency and its objectives laid out this week appeared to put Rome on a collision course with U.S. President Donald Trump by promoting highly sensitive topics such as climate change, free trade and immigration initiatives.
The G7 foreign ministers meet in Tuscany on April 10-11, preparing for a leaders' summit in Sicily at the end of May.
However, officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue, said efforts to reach an agreement on statements and strategy ahead of time - a normal part of pre-meeting G7 diplomacy - were going slowly.
The immediate concerns lay with the State Department, where new Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has left vacant numerous positions seen as vital to drafting summit accords.
"It's very difficult to talk to someone who can give a straight answer because the ones who are there are 'acting' head of something and they're not even very senior," said a senior Italian government official involved in G7 diplomacy.
The White House has yet to nominate candidates for either of the two deputy secretary of state slots, beneath Tillerson. Further down the chain, all six of the department's regional bureaus are led by acting assistant secretaries of state, while Trump has yet to appoint ambassadors to Italy or the Vatican.
"This has made it extremely difficult for us to prepare for the meeting," the government official added.
A State Department official acknowledged that some positions had yet to be filled, but said that it was preparing for a "successful" series of G7 meetings.
"We continue to have a deep bench of experienced and capable staff members serving in key positions and working closely with their G7 counterparts, including our Italian hosts," the official said.
A diplomat in another European capital also involved in G7 preparations said the department heads beneath the secretary of state were vital for getting approval for agendas, scheduling and the often delicate wording of policy statements.
"We no longer know who to talk to. It is slowing everything down," he said, adding that any ambitious projects would struggle to take off given the confusion.
A senior diplomat in a third EU capital said: "Since President Trump took office, it has become very difficult to deal with the State Department on planning and we are still learning to work with that."
NO FUNDING
The senior Italian diplomat leading behind-the-scenes G7 discussions, Raffaele Trombetta, said this week that Africa would play a prominent role in Italy's summit agenda, with seven African leaders invited to join the talks in Sicily.
However, in a sign that Rome was lowering expectations for this year's event, the Italian government was unlikely to launch any major funding initiative at a time when Trump is looking to slash back on U.S. foreign aid.
"Usually the G7 sets aside money for a particular cause, but this time it doesn't look like there's the will to do it. It's not just the Americans. The Japanese don't want one either," said the Italian government source.
Trombetta said "trust" was the presidency slogan - trust between governments and their citizens, and between countries.
"There is also a need of renewed trust between the leaders who will be attending the summit," he said, noting that the prime ministers of Britain and Italy and the presidents of France and the United States would be attending their first G7.
EU leaders worry Trump might undermine 70 years of strong trans-Atlantic ties and have been alarmed by his criticism of NATO, his support for trade protectionism, his rejection of climate change policies, and his anti-migrant rhetoric.
Flying into these headwinds, Trombetta said Italy wanted the G7 to reaffirm the importance of the 2015 Paris agreement, which obliges nations to curb global warming and which senior White House advisers have called on Trump to renounce.
Rome was also eager for a commitment "to fighting all forms of protectionism", said Trombetta. However, he acknowledged that this might be hard to achieve, with the United States this month already breaking with a tradition of endorsing open trade at a meeting of G20 finance ministers in Germany.
"It is a highly political issue. I expect it will go up to the leaders. It will be dealt with by them at the Taormina summit ... It will be one of the main points of tension of our presidency," he said.
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni is flying to the United States next month, in part to seek an understanding with Trump on the G7 agenda ahead of the Sicily summit.
But if Trump pushes back, he is unlikely to face strong resistance from Italy, which has made good relations with the United States the cornerstone of its foreign policy.
"We can argue with France, Germany and Britain, but never with America," said another senior government official, who was not authorised to talk to the media. "We will do with Trump what we always do (with the Americans); find a way to get along with him."
(Additional reporting by Arshad Mohammed and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington,; Robin Emmott in Brussels; editing by Giles Elgood)
The former editor of the Sunday Independent Anne Harris has denied being motivated by bitterness in making claims about the editor of the Irish Independent, Fionnan Sheahan.
Harris told the Charleton Tribunal on Wednesday that at the end of an editorial conference in Independent News & Media (INM) in 2014, Sheahan turned to her and said that Sgt Maurice McCabe was “a paedophile.”
She said she was shocked by the comment even though it was common during that period to hear journalists in the INM building referring to rumours about the Garda whistleblower.
She said she was shocked by Sheahan's comment because of the word used.
The tribunal has heard that in 2006, Sgt McCabe was investigated because of an historic allegation of child sex abuse. The charge was dismissed by the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Harris told Kathleen Leader, for the tribunal, that the then group news editor, Ian Mallon, had once said to her there was “more to McCabe than meets the eye” and that “you know about McCabe and children.”
Rossa Fanning SC, for INM, Mallon and Sheahan, said his clients would be denying the alleged comments when they gave evidence.
Harris said she believed Sheahan thought Sgt McCabe was a paedophile and was trying to “warn me about being too innocent.” She said she did not know the source for Sheahan's belief.
Harris told the tribunal that during her period as editor, the INM group structure was changed and Stephen Rae was appointed editor-in-chief over all the group titles. Sheahan was the group political editor.
‘Negative consequences'
She said the Sunday Independent and the Irish Independent took different views in relation to Sgt McCabe.
Mr Fanning said the height of her evidence was that she heard journalists discussing rumours but didn't have any information about their sources.
Harris said there was “absolutely no foundation” to the suggestion that she resented the group editorial structure put in place at INM during her time as editor and she was “happy” to make a statement to the tribunal that would have “negative consequences” for editorial executives.
“All I know is that he said it,” she said, referring to Sheahan. “It gives me no joy to say so.”
She did not agree that her statement might have negative consequences for Sheahan, adding he could come to the tribunal and reveal his source. She did not think journalists should be “part of a cover up.”
Mr Fanning said Harris was giving evidence that was “tainted by improper motives. You are a bitter person. You bear a grudge towards Mr Sheahan and your former employer.”
He said her “grudge” towards INM was evident from opinion pieces she had written about her time with the group. Harris said she was retired for three and a half years and had rarely written about her former role. She was asked very regularly to talk about “life in INM and life under Denis O'Brien” but turned them all down.
“I am the least bitter person. I bear no grudge.”
Mr Fanning said that in a recent piece in the Sunday Business Post she had referred to men attending meetings during her time at INM with “big swinging titles”.
Harris agreed this was a reference to executives in the new group structure but said it was not evidence of an “animus” towards them. She said she always tried to use colourful language.
“They reported up the line what the editor of the Sunday Independent was planning.”
Responding to her counsel, Darren Lehane, she said it was not the case that she was conducting a “negative campaign” or conducting a “personal vendetta” against the INM executives.
COLUMBUS, OH--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Qualmet today announced the commercial release of the Qualmet cloud-based platform which solves the complex issue of measuring value and facilitating conversations between law departments and their external legal service providers.
The cloud-based Qualmet platform gives law departments a quick way to assess and compare performance of legal service providers so they can maximize the business value to their companies. It also affords legal service providers a means to understand client needs, allowing them to improve their performance and competitiveness.
"Qualmet changes everything the legal industry has come to accept about the relationship between law departments and their law firms," notes Qualmet CEO Jim Beckett. "It provides both sides with a common framework for setting expectations, for collaboration, and for creating clear accountability to improve business value."
The law departments of several major corporations, including Atria Senior Living and CafePress, have already signed up to use Qualmet after experiencing success during the platform's pilot phase.
"I am excited about what we are learning. Early indications are Qualmet will help us and our law firm partners deliver more value for our business going forward," explains Bryan Hudson, Atria Senior Living General Counsel.
By aggregating the evaluations of individuals within each law department, using metrics that measure value, Qualmet provides the ability to benchmark legal services across industry sectors, firms, lawyers and practice areas. This eliminates the guesswork involved in measuring the value delivered by legal service providers.
"We can now enjoy a level of transparency and accountability which we could not achieve without inventing our own internal process," says Ekumene Lysonge, CafePress General Counsel and President of the Association of Corporate Counsel's Kentucky chapter. "Even more exciting is the longer-term prospect of benchmarking against an industry database of legal service providers including law firms and lawyers all objectively evaluated by my peers."
The Qualmet concept was created by Mark Smolik, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of DHL's Supply Chain operations in the Americas. "The idea behind the platform is quite simple: putting objective, actionable performance data in the hands of the purchaser and seller of legal services to help drive awareness of expectations and opportunities for continuous improvement," explains Smolik. "The result is a deeper relationship between law departments and their external legal service providers that fosters the delivery of measurable value to the businesses they serve," Smolik adds.
About Qualmet
Qualmet is a company focused on raising the business value created between in-house and outside counsel. Through performance metrics and objective benchmarking, Qualmet creates an industrywide "common language" critical to value creation for both in-house counsel and law firms. www.qualmetlegal.com
Uttam Dhillon, an Indian-American top White House lawyer, has been appointed as the new Acting Administrator of the crucial Drug Enforcement Agency that combats the smuggling and use of narcotics in the US.
Dhillon replaces Robert Patterson, who has retired after 30 years of service.
Dhillon, who till recently worked in the White House as deputy counsel and deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, took up the role of Acting Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) on Tuesday.
“With one American dying of a drug overdose every nine minutes, there can be no doubt that we are facing the deadliest drug epidemic in our history,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said announcing his appointment.
The work of the Drug Enforcement Administration is critical to fighting this crisis, and President Donald Trump and he is committed to continuing to give it the strong leadership it deserves, Sessions said.
Dhillon is a dedicated public servant who has served with distinction in the White House, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, Congress, and as a career federal prosecutor taking on drug traffickers at the highest levels.
Having a long career battling drug traffickers and violent crime in 2006, Dhillon was confirmed by the Senate as the first Director of the Office of Counternarcotics Enforcement at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
In that role, he served as the primary policy advisor on counternarcotics issues, focused on combating the connections between illegal drug trafficking and terrorism and developed regional counternarcotics strategies for DHS.
Prior to DHS, Dhillon served as an Associate Deputy Attorney General in the Department of Justice, where he chaired the Attorney General's Anti-Gang Coordination Committee, and led efforts to formulate and implement Department of Justice policies and programmes to combat violent crime and criminal gangs.
Earlier in his career, Dhillon worked as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Central District of California for six and a half years.
During that period, he was appointed to the Department of Justice's Organised Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force, and worked with federal and local law enforcement agencies to direct complex investigations of violent gangs and major narcotics trafficking organisations.
More recently, he has served as Deputy Counsel and Deputy Assistant to the President.
Dhillon received his law degree from Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley, an MA from the University of California, San Diego, and a BA from California State University, Sacramento.
- Above is a new promo for The Mae Young Classic. There will be a "Bracketology" preview special that premieres on the WWE Network after SummerSlam goes off the air next Sunday before the first 4 episodes, featuring the first round, will be made available after next Monday's RAW goes off the air.
WWE taped the following matches tonight in Boston for this week's Main Event episode:
* Kalisto vs. Curt Hawkins
* Lince Dorado and Gran Metalik vs. Ariya Daivari and Drew Gulak
Main Event spoilers for this week are at this link.
- As noted, WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair underwent surgery earlier today after being admitted into an intensive care unit of a local hospital on Saturday. You can read our latest update on Flair's condition at this link as his manager noted that The Nature Boy still has a long road ahead of him. Michael Cole, Corey Graves and WWE Hall of Famer Booker T sent well wishes to Flair during tonight's RAW in Boston, as seen below. Cole noted that Flair's surgery was a success but he is "not out of the woods yet."
Thoughts and prayers are going out to @RicFlairNatrBoy and his family tonight after undergoing surgery earlier today. pic.twitter.com/5a0cx9VYAr — WWE (@WWE) August 15, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
