The Viking Great Army may have finally been found.
A mass grave discovered in England in the 1980s was initially thought to be associated with the Vikings, but radiocarbon dating suggested that the skeletons belonged to different time periods.
A new study says that an unlikely culprit confused the radiocarbon dating: fish consumed by the Vikings. Eating fish and other marine life results in older carbon in our bones than land-based food sources, throwing off carbon dating.
The new calibration used by the researchers, accounting for this "marine reservoir effect," has confirmed that all of the bones date to the same time period from the ninth century. The results were published in the journal Antiquity on Friday.
Confirming the dates provides new evidence about the activities of the Viking Great Army in England and greater understanding of the impact of the Vikings in central England, as well as how important it is for researchers to use the latest techniques.
The site, at St. Wystan's Church in Repton, Derbyshire, includes a double grave containing two men, a grave containing four adolescents between the ages of 8 and 18 and a large burial mound covering a charnel -- a vault containing skeletal remains -- that includes the bones of nearly 300 people.
"The discoveries at Repton are extremely rare: despite significant historical information about the early Viking raids in England, we actually know very little about the actual people involved," Cat Jarman, study author and Ph.D. student in the University of Bristol's Department of Archaeology and Anthropology, wrote in an email. "There are very few known Viking graves in England and no others that can be securely connected to the Viking Great Army."
Grave oddities
History says the Viking Great Army wintered at Repton in 873, driving the Anglo-Saxon Mercian King Burghred into exile in Paris.
"It seems likely that the Great Army attacked the Anglo-Saxon monastery and used the site as a winter camp," Jarman said. "It is thought to have been a wealthy monastery with royal connections, and there was a practical reason for overwintering there too: it was likely to have held considerable food supplies to feed a hungry army."
But the Vikings also wanted to make a power move, rife with politics.
"It was also the burial place of several Mercian (Anglo-Saxon) royals, so this was a political statement as well," Jarman said. "The original excavations also found evidence for fortifications. At some point, possibly towards the end of the winter before the army moved on, the building in the vicarage garden was turned into a burial chamber and the bones were moved the eastern compartment. A mound was then built on top and the whole charnel turned into a burial monument - desecrating what was probably an important Anglo-Saxon building, possibly a mausoleum. This was a very deliberate statement and expression of power on the Vikings' part."
Though common in Scandinavia, these double graves are rarer in England. The two men were buried next to what is thought to have been the burial place of the Anglo-Saxon kings, suggesting their importance. They might have been leaders of the Great Army. The double grave was covered in stones, fragments of a finely carved Anglo-Saxon cross that had been destroyed, Jarman said.
The double grave also held some interesting artifacts. The older of the two men was buried with a necklace bearing Thor's hammer and a Viking sword. The evidence of fatal injuries mark his bones, including a large cut to his left femur. It's possible that the injury severed his penis or testicles; a boar's tusk was placed between his legs, and the researchers believe that the tusk was meant to replace what he lost and prepare him for the afterlife.
Dating the charnel and double grave to the same time, and linking them to the Vikings with the help of artifacts, shapes a story around Repton and what happened there in the ninth century.
The juvenile grave, which included a sheep's jaw buried at the children's feet, is believed to be a ritual killing that occurred to mark the creation of the new burial mound, Jarman said. Large stones next to the mound appear to have held some type of marker. Two of the skeletons bear signs of traumatic injury. This further suggests that the deaths of the children were ritualistic, meant to accompany the dead Vikings in the afterlife. This matches with historical accounts throughout the Viking age.
And if the charnel does belong to the Great Army, it tells a new story.
"It's a really exciting opportunity to understand more about how such a group was made up," Jarman said. "Where sex could be determined, around 20% were women, and this is in contrast to previous assumptions that the Viking raiders were solely male. Of course, we can't know if these women (or men, for that matter) were 'warriors' but it demonstrates that the group was made up of both genders. We can also learn more about their geographical origins. My own research on these Repton remains has so far shown that this group was made up of people with mixed origins -- and this seems consistent with historical sources we have about the period as well."
Eighty percent of the remains were male, between the ages of 18 and 45. Many of them bear the marks of violent injury.
What's next
Jarman and her colleagues believe that calibrations for the marine reservoir effect need to be an essential part of the archaeologists' toolkit and should be applied to all radiocarbon dates of human remains. This is especially important for any communities in which fish were part of the diet. Jarman also said that previously dated sites should be given a second look, as this could lead to the discovery of more sites like Repton.
Over the past two years, Jarman has co-directed more excavations at Repton to learn more about this winter camp for the Vikings. Her team's research has shown that the camp was much larger than previously thought.
This year, they will be able to share more about the geographical origins of the people buried at the Repton site, as well as the findings from ancient DNA they were able to extract from the skeletons.
"I'm also very interested to find out what happened next," Jarman said. "Only a few years later, we know that a large part of the army divided out land and settled in England. Who were these people and where did they settle? How did they interact with the local, Anglo-Saxon population? This was a crucial period in the history of England that had a vast impact on economic and political development, culture, language and even the development of towns, but there is still a lot we don't know."
"Obviously, we're going to be extra cautious with him," Matheny said.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, striking out 52 in 46 innings. He felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. He struck out 44 in 23 innings.
"This was the first time he's had to work," Matheny said. "All those minor league rehab starts he had barely had anybody on base. So, he had to bear down. Didn't give up any runs. His stuff looked right. His stuff looked good."
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs. He was sent down to work on his batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon.
"Things weren't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything." Arcia said through a translator. "Thankfully, things were starting to go a lot better."
He looked pretty good in the seventh. With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances.
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position, but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May, setting a team record for wins in the month. Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list. Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis, and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL. Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. He was hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill. Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. He got hurt Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in his place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is scheduled to make his third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the visiting Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. He beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in his major league debut on May 11, 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Joe Totoraitis, The Associated Press
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Winthrop-Duke Box
NO. 14 DUKE 101, WINTHROP 30
WINTHROP (1-8)
McBride 0-1 0-0 0, Rogers 3-7 0-0 6, Brown 4-14 1-2 12, Gamble 0-2 0-2 0, Kelley 2-7 0-0 5, Atkins 1-1 0-2 2, Ufochukwu 1-2 0-0 2, Fantt 0-0 0-0 0, Hagaman 1-6 0-2 3, Riley 0-6 0-0 0, Totals 12-46 1-8 30.
DUKE (8-2)
Mathias 4-9 1-2 9, Odom 4-5 0-0 8, Faz Davalos 2-4 0-0 4, Brown 13-21 2-3 30, Gorecki 7-11 1-2 20, Treece 2-2 1-2 5, Williams 2-3 1-3 5, Adams 2-5 0-0 5, Boykin 3-5 0-0 7, Suggs 3-4 2-2 8, Totals 42-69 8-14 101.
Winthrop 5 7 8 10 —30 Duke 28 24 20 29 —101
3-Point Goals_Winthrop 5-18 (Brown 3-7, Gamble 0-1, Kelley 1-6, Hagaman 1-4), Duke 9-19 (Brown 2-7, Gorecki 5-7, Adams 1-3, Boykin 1-2). Assists_Winthrop 5 (Riley 2), Duke 25 (Brown 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Winthrop 24 (Atkins 5), Duke 47 (Mathias 7). Total Fouls_Winthrop 14, Duke 13. A_3,332.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SALINE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after a weekend altercation with a shovel.
Just after 10p.m. Friday, deputies responded to the Kampgrounds of America, 1109 West Diamond Drive, after a man allegedly attacked a co-worker, according to Saline County Sheriff Roger Soldan.
A 19-year-old co-worker told deputies Israel Ortiz, 45, of Texas, was staying with the victim and another man at the campground. When Ortiz returned Friday night, the others were asleep in the trailer. According to Soldan, Ortiz became upset because they accidently locked him out.
When a co-worker let him in, Ortiz allegedly attacked the man shovel and fled before deputies arrived.
A deputy located Ortiz later at the Salina Petro, 2125 N. Ninth Street. He was arrested and booked into the Saline County Jail for aggravated battery.
The 19-year-old victim sustained minor injuries and refused medical treatment.
Starting in March students will have access to a drop in clinic every Wednesday at RSS
About 15 per cent of Canadian youth are impacted by a mental illness or disorder, and only one in five Canadian students who require mental health services receive them, says the Canadian Mental Health Association.
On Nov. 10 of last year psychologist Vanessa Lapointe presented statistics like those at a parent information session hosted by School District 19.
In an attempt to address these concerns, SD19 has implemented a number of mental health initiatives for students.
The most recent service the school board will be providing for students at Revelstoke Secondary School is access to a walk-in clinic every Wednesday from 11:30 to 2:30, which is slated to begin this March.
Superintendent Mike Hooker said students might not have considered previously talking to a doctor or mental health professional.
“For sure there were students looking for it, and the health nurse and the youth coordinator started that conversation, but I don't think a lot of students considered that it would be possible to talk to a professional.”
The drop-in clinic will run until the end of the school year in June, and is intended to provide students with access to a medical professional who they can ask a question about anything. The idea, hooker said, is to remove the stigma that some students may have attached to seeking advice from a medical professional.
“The doctors have told us that they don't really see a lot of teens in their office. It's intimidating for youth to walk in by their own volition. But we have a really nice and friendly space. If a student wants to go and see a doctor, there's no stigma attached to it.”
Local physicians Dr. Veale and Dr. Cruise Hardy, and Interior Health Authority public health nurse Kelsey Croxall will take turns offering the weekly clinic in a drop-in format. The doctors, Hooker said, will more or less be volunteering their time at RSS.
Other services currently offered at RSS are a sexual health clinic offered on Mondays, access to counselling and youth services on Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday, and access to a clinical psychologist who holds booked appointments on Thursday.
Hooker also said that the decision to implement these services was the result of a coordinated approach to mental health.
“We have gathered community resources and focused them,” said Hooker. “Anything related to mental health has been extremely coordinated.”
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Peoria 16 11 4 1 0 23 57 44 Pensacola 15 11 4 0 0 22 50 31 Mississippi 15 10 5 0 0 20 49 46 Evansville 16 9 5 1 1 20 57 49 Huntsville 14 8 4 1 1 18 51 41 Macon 16 7 5 3 1 18 57 59 Knoxville 14 7 6 1 0 15 52 46 Fayetteville 18 5 9 3 1 14 55 80 Roanoke 15 5 8 2 0 12 47 61 Birmingham 13 3 9 1 0 7 22 40
NOTE: Two points are awarded for a win, one point for an overtime or shootout loss.
___
Saturday's Games
Fayetteville 4, Roanoke 3
Birmingham 3, Macon 2
Pensacola 6, Knoxville 2
Evansville 9, Mississippi 3
Peoria 5, Huntsville 2
Sunday's Games
Pensacola 2, Birmingham 1
Monday's Games
Knoxville at Pensacola, 8:05 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Huntsville at Mississippi, 11:30 a.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — Showing long-range accuracy wasn't enough for Kentucky guard Malik Monk, who made an even bigger impression going up for rebounds more often than even he expected.
Others also registered all-out effort on both ends and typified the complete performance that No. 13 Kentucky had sought for weeks.
Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds, Derek Willis had 16 points and Kentucky made 10 3-pointers in the first half to roll past Tennessee 83-58 on Tuesday night.
Averaging just 2.2 rebounds per game coming in, the 6-foot-3 Monk matched his previous five games combined on the glass. He ended up second to Bam Adebayo's 12 boards on a night the Wildcats topped the Volunteers 43-35 in that area.
Advertisement
“It was just me being around the paint,” said Monk, who even got rebounding advice from his brother Marcus, a former two-sport athlete at Arkansas and NFL player.
“My brother told me if I roam around there, a couple was just going to bounce to me and they did. But I had to go get a couple.”
Seeking to stay atop the Southeastern Conference, the Wildcats avenged last month's 82-80 road loss to the Volunteers with their best performance in a while. Long-range shooting provided the biggest lift as Kentucky (21-5, 11-2) made 11, its first double-digit effort from behind the arc in a month, as Monk and Willis each made four in the first half.
The Wildcats held Tennessee (14-12, 6-7) to 35 percent shooting and led by as many as 28 points in handing the Volunteers their third loss in four games.
“It was good,” Kentucky coach John Calipari said. “I think you see us different defensively. I think you see us different in transition defense. I think you see the difference offensively. Some of the rebooting you're seeing.”
De'Aaron Fox had 13 points and six assists and Isaiah Briscoe had 12 points with six assists. Dominique Hawkins added 10 points as Kentucky won its third straight.
Admiral Schofield had 17 points and Jordan Bone 15 in Tennessee's lowest output this season.
BIG PICTURE
Tennessee: The Volunteers' recent shooting struggles continued as they lost their 10th straight at Rupp Arena. After making 42 percent in the loss to Georgia, they were just 18 of 52 from the field (35 percent) and committed 13 turnovers leading to 17 points, including consecutive miscues leading to baskets early in the second half. More than anything, they couldn't push the tempo and were outscored 18-0 in fast break points.
“We were just gosh awful,” coach Rick Barnes said, “and from Kentucky's vantage point I think they probably got everything they wanted to get done. … There are not many positives I can take from tonight.”
Kentucky: Good ball movement (17 assists) created good perimeter opportunities for the Wildcats, whose 10 first-half 3s were nearly as many as they had overall against Auburn last month (11). Their transition game also clicked throughout and they controlled the paint 32-18.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Kentucky took a big step toward trying to return to the Top 10, but needs to follow up at Georgia.
BIG FALLOFFS
A game after matching his career high with 30 points, Vols freshman forward Grant Williams managed just eight against the Wildcats. Leading scorer Robert Hubbs III had just seven points and two rebounds in 24 minutes this time around against Kentucky after scoring 25 with seven rebounds last month in Knoxville. Barnes said he took him out in the second half after Briscoe scored a couple of easy baskets on him.
“Robert is better than that,” he added.
UP NEXT
Tennessee: Hosts Missouri on Saturday.
Kentucky: The Wildcats visit Georgia on Saturday, seeking a better performance against the Bulldogs than the overtime win here two weeks ago.
___
More AP college basketball at http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
PANAMA PLANS to spend $4.2 million of its tourism promotion budget to attract more European tourists.
The Cabinet Council has approved a contract between the Panama Tourism Authority and the German airline Lufthansa aimed at boosting the 2015 total of 263,000 tourists from Europe by an additional 6,500 passengers.
In March 2016, Lufthansa began flying five times a week between Frankfurt and Panama. The capacity of each flight is 298 passengers.
The agreement includes online campaigns, nedia travel promotions, social networks and advertising in travel agencies in Germany, Italy, Poland, Great Britain, France, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland and Spain.
In addition to Lufthansa, there a daily flight to Panama operated by Air France, KLM and Iberia.
A British lesbian won the right to live and work in Hong Kong with her partner in a landmark decision Wednesday by the top court in the city, where same-sex unions are not recognised.
The Court of Final Appeal judgement ends the protracted legal battle by "QT", who has entered into a civil partnership in Britain in 2011 and moved to Hong Kong with her partner the same year.
"The ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong," the court said, adding it was "counter-productive" to limit that right to straight couples.
It said employment visas are granted "because he or she has the talent or skills deemed needed or desirable. Such a person could be straight or gay".
Gay marriage and same-sex unions are currently not recognised in Hong Kong.
QT was denied a dependant visa, forcing her to stay on as a visitor without the right to work, after she moved to Hong Kong when her partner got a job in the city.
In September last year she won her case at the Court of Appeal as it ruled immigration authorities had "failed to justify the indirect discrimination on account of sexual orientation that QT suffers".
But that decision was challenged by the government and taken to the city's highest court, in what critics said was a disappointing backwards step.
Top financial institutions including Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have publicly backed QT, saying diverse hiring practices are crucial to attracting and retaining top talent.
During the case, Dinah Rose, representing QT, argued the bid was not about social benefits or financial gain, or expecting the immigration department to recognise gay marriage -- but "just (to be) able to live with your partner".
She added the couple have a "public, registered" and legal bond which is not recognised in Hong Kong and are therefore "placed in a significant disadvantage" compared to straight couples.
David Pannick, representing the government, told the court "marriage creates a status" which in itself justified different treatment for same-sex couples and heterosexual couples.
When the constitutional court in neighbouring Taiwan ruled in favour of allowing gay marriage last May, campaigners in socially conservative Hong Kong highlighted the city's lack of progress on equality issues.
Hong Kong only decriminalised homosexuality in 1991 and while LGBT groups have become more prominent in the semi-autonomous Chinese city, conservative activists have also launched anti-rights campaigns.
Hong Kong's public libraries have recently hidden away LGBT-themed children's books, putting them in request only closed-off areas after pressure from conservative campaigners, sparking outrage among the LGBT community and supporters.
However, there are other signs that attitudes are changing.
A study published by the centre for comparative and public law at the University of Hong Kong on Tuesday said 50.4 per cent of people expressed support for same-sex marriage last year, up from 38 per cent in 2013.
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times, Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew and that at times, there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he is seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago, I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That is a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered on a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee Stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson River. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned") in Palm Beach, Fla.
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Va., Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of contestant Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even among others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Conners: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Conners refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." And last month, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 percent to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
One of the most fascinating things about singer, multi-instrumentalist, and bandleader Ricky Skaggs is that he's been able to reinvent himself constantly over a 50-plus year career. A master of the mandolin, guitar, banjo and fiddle, Skaggs was adept enough to play with the legendary bluegrass titan Bill Monroe at age six, and the early years of his professional career saw him working with Flatt & Scruggs, Ralph Stanley, The Country Gentlemen, J.D. Crowe, and Emmylou Harris.
Skaggs took a detour from bluegrass into mainstream country music in the early 1980s, scoring 12 No. 1 hits, including "Highway 40 Blues," "Cajun Moon," "Don't Cheat In Our Hometown" and "Lovin' Only Me." From 1980-1990, Skaggs ultimately landed a total of 26 singles on the country charts, won four Grammys and took home a combined 15 Country Music Association and Academy Of Country Music awards. It's this phase of his career that the CMA's were probably thinking about when they recently made him one of its three 2018 inductees into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Skaggs says he was shocked by his induction, thinking there were many others who deserved to get in that weren't already, mentioning The Stanley Brothers specifically.
"It comes out of a place of humility rather than wanting them other than me," he says. "I'm very, very thankful to get in, and I'm excited about it. I'm actually about to go for my first meeting about the induction ceremony in October, so I'll know a little more what's going to happen then. It's a great, wonderful thing."
Almost as quickly as he says he thinks others were more deserving, however, Skaggs says the idea of getting into the Hall of Fame certainly occurred to him from time to time.
"It was in the back of my mind," he says, "and a mind is a terrible thing, as Eddie Murphy once said. Nobody can really know for sure though. I didn't know until (the Country Music Association's CEO) Sarah Trahern spoke to me back in January. We were going to be leaving for Europe for a couple of weeks and she wanted to tell me before I left."
Skaggs' class also includes singer Dottie West and fiddle player Johnny Gimble, who made his legendary name with Bob Wills & The Texas Playboys.
"I was really thankful to go in with Dottie West and Johnny," Skaggs says. "I'd see Dottie out at the Grand Ole Opry, and Johnny's family spoke so well of their Dad. That's always a sign that they've been raised by a good man, when sons and daughters speak well of their Dad."
That reference to sons and daughters is an important one, because Skaggs returns to that concept during our discussion of the post-country phase of his career. In 1997, Skaggs returned to his roots with the defiantly titled Bluegrass Rules!, an album of dazzling acoustic instrumental interplay with his red-hot band, Kentucky Thunder, and a shining example of Skaggs' high-lonesome tenor.
Since that album, Skaggs has released nearly 20 albums, won 13 International Bluegrass Music Awards, collaborated with everyone from Jack White to Bruce Hornsby and even formed his own record label, Skaggs Family Records. That label has not only allowed him to explore gospel and pop music on releases like Soldiers Of The Cross and Mosaic, but it's also helped him remain economically sound in an age where major-label albums don't go multi-platinum like they used to.
"Record sales nowadays are so minimal that it's hard to sell the numbers we were all selling back in the '80s," he says. "It's hard to sell product unless you're the big name like Taylor Swift or Garth or someone like that. So much is downloaded now, but we can still do good music and play the kind of music we really want to play."
And playing is exactly what Skaggs and his six-piece ensemble Kentucky Thunder are good at. There might not be a better set of players in the bluegrass world right now. In fact, they're so good that they can often dispense with a set list and simply react to what their audience is telling them.
"If there's a lot of people up dancing and having a big time, we may have tendency to play a few more fiddle tunes and uptempo songs and shy away from the slow things," he says. "We go with the spirit. We see the audience responding to things, and we go in that direction a little bit more."
Skaggs sees his band not just as a great ensemble, but as a training ground for young, talented musicians. Kentucky Thunder is a real point of pride for him, and that's where the father-and-children references come back into play.
"Most of these guys would tell you I've been like a father to them, and I don't mind that," he says. "(Standup bassist and vocalist) Scott Mulvahill recently left the band, and he's an incredible soloist. He can go out with a bass fiddle and do a whole show and keep you mesmerized. It's pretty incredible to see his talent. But he loves coming back home here and doing this with us and that's the true mark of a father that loves his kids."
Google's push to bring Augmented Reality to the masses hit a big milestone today with the launch of the "AR Stickers" app. Google has been doing Augmented Reality for some time now with the hardware-packed Project Tango devices, but AR Stickers is the first app in Google's new AR strategy, which revolves around ARCore. ARCore is a reworked augmented reality framework that can do many of the Tango AR tricks but without all the extra hardware.
AR Stickers is out now in the Play Store for the Pixel 1 and Pixel 2. The app is a new mode in the Google Camera that allows you to drop various 3D characters into the camera feed. ARCore will map out the nearest horizontal plane, like a floor or table, and ground the characters in real life. You can move the camera around, take pictures, and record video.
To get started, you'll need a Pixel phone, Android 8.1, and fresh versions of the ARCore framework and the AR Stickers app. Google has several OEMs signed up for ARCore compatibility, and when the framework hits version 1.0 sometime this winter, Google says it expects 100 million users to have access to the framework. For now though, ARCore is only on version 0.91, and it only works on the Pixel phones.
Further Reading Google's ARCore brings augmented reality to millions of Android devices When you have everything updated, you'll be able to open the Google Camera, open the left navigation menu, and pick "AR Stickers" from the camera modes. You'll be presented with a camera feed and a row of characters at the top. After dragging a character into the feed, you can drag it around and use multi-touch gestures to resize it, rotate it, or move vertically up and down. You can pick from some of Google's food characters, floating 3D text, and licensed characters from Star Wars and Stranger Things.
I played around with the app for a bit, and ARCore does a great job of sticking characters to a surface. Characters really do seem anchored to the floor, and the effect even holds up when whipping the camera around or when moving to another room and coming back. A lighting engine makes the characters blend into the environment, and, even if you turn out the lights, they'll change to match whatever the lighting is. There's no support for occlusion, though. The AR renderings are always on top of the camera feed, so if something gets between you and the plane a character is on, the illusion is broken as the character floats on top of everything.
Characters don't really do much. Sometimes you'll get a laser blast from a Star Wars ship, or a droid will roll around. But not much else. Characters mostly cycle through a set of idle animations while you look at them. If you add two characters to a scene, sometimes things get interesting. The best one I've seen is what was demoed at Google's announcement event: plop down a Demogorgon and Eleven from the Stranger Things section and they will fight.
Google made the questionable move of building AR Stickers into the Android 8.1 system image. This makes distribution easy for Google since every Pixel phone will automatically download the whopping 100MB update to make the app work. But if, like me, you get bored of the app after 10 minutes, removing this storage hog is more difficult than it needs to be. You have to open up the system settings, head to "Apps & notifications," and then dig up "See all [xx] apps." From there, tap the menu button in the top right and hit "Show system." Just find the app called "com.google.vr.apps.ornament," tap on it, hit "disable," and tap through the prompts to uninstall the update files. You'll still be stuck with the disabled system app, but this is a tiny 155k stub file, which is way better than having the 100MB update forced on you.
Listing image by Google Pixel
In spite of being one of the most used chat apps in the world, WhatsApp has been a subject of severe criticism owing to its security issues. Keeping this in mind, the company had rolled out support for end-to-end encryption for everything you send on WhatsApp last year to improve security.
Despite this, there were a couple of workarounds, for example, this, that allowed users to get hold of someone else's WhatsApp account. In an attempt to block this workaround, WhatsApp had recently rolled out support for two-step verification.
Also Read: Security Alert: WhatsApp Is Not as Secure as You Think, Find Out Why
For tho uninitiated, two-step verification adds an extra layer of security by urging users to provide a six-digit passcode to log-in, of course, apart from the usual password. This way, cyber-criminals won't be able to get hold of your WhatsApp easily.
Okay, now that we are done with the technicality part, let's get to know how to enable two-step verification on WhatsApp for iOS.
Step 1: Open WhatsApp on your iPhone.
Step 2: Then, click on the Settings icon at the bottom right corner of your screen and click on Account.
Step 3: Now, just below the Privacy and Security option, you'll find “Two-Step Verification.” Click on it.
Step 4: Next, click on “Enable” and enter a six-digit passcode. Do note that you'll be asked for this passcode whenever you try to login to your WhatsApp account on a different phone.
Step 5: Once you confirm the passcode, you'll be asked to enter your email id which will be used to reset your passcode in case you forget it.
Step 6: That's it! You've successfully enabled two-step verification on your iPhone.
If you are still confused, below is a pictorial representation of the above steps.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has hit back at Pakistan over its response to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's allegations that the neighbouring country is interfering in Gujarat Assembly elections.
Referring to the response of Pakistan foreign ministry spokesperson Mohammad Faisal, Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad condemned the “unwarranted statement”, saying “Pakistan must stop giving us lessons”.
“Completely abhor outside interference in India's internal affairs. Pakistan's promotion of terrorism in India is well known but Pakistan must stop giving us lessons, we are proud of our democracy,” said Prasad.
The statement by the BJP leader came shortly after Pakistan foreign ministry spokesperson took to Twitter saying, “India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible.”
India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible. — Dr Mohammad Faisal (@ForeignOfficePk) December 11, 2017
Addressing a rally in Gujarat on Sunday, PM Modi had alleged that Pakistan was interfering in Gujarat Assembly polls, and sought an explanation from the Congress over its top partymen who are said to have recently met leaders from the neighbouring country.
The prime minister had also raised questions over the alleged appeal by former director general of the Pakistan Army, Sardar Arshad Rafiq, that senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel be made chief minister of Gujarat.
Modi said (former Congress minister) Mani Shankar Aiyar had called him "neech" (vile) a day after the alleged meeting of Pakistani leaders with top Congressmen.
"There were media reports yesterday about a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. It was attended by Pakistan's high commissioner, Pakistan's former foreign minister, India's former vice president and former prime minister Manmohan Singh," Modi said.
The meeting at Aiyar's house carried on for almost three hours, Modi said.
"The next day, Mani Shankar Aiyar said Modi was 'neech'. This is a serious matter," he said.
Modi added that Rafiq had backed Ahmed Patel as the next chief minister of Gujarat.
"(On one side) Pakistan Army's former DG is interfering in Gujarat's election, on the other side, Pakistan's people are holding a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house," he said.
(With agency inputs)
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil's Mero field in the offshore Libra area should begin producing 40,000 barrels of oil per day by the end of February as part of a long duration test, an official at state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro said on Friday.
Fernando Borges, Petrobras' manager for Libra, said the area is already producing 20,000 bpd, adding that the company completed an initial shipment of 500,000 barrels of oil. (Reporting by Marta Nogueira and Alexandra Alper Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
On Wednesday, Gov. Abbott sounded like a leader who is serious about preventing future school shootings.
In Dallas, he unveiled his 40- page, “School and Firearm Safety Action Plan,” aimed at taking action now to do some practical things that will protect children.
Good. Let's make Texas schools safer before students return in the fall.
Governor, call that special session of the legislature- something you say you're willing to do - and press our lawmakers to adopt and fund some of these school safety measures.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
And let's have the session this summer, even though lawmakers running for election in November may want to wait.
Abbott's blueprint for how to move forward comes almost two weeks after a 17-year old student opened fire at Santa Fe High School near Houston, killing 10 and wounding at least 10 more. The governor met with student survivors, educators, safety experts and lawmakers, asking for their ideas on how to move forward.
We know many Texans who want stronger gun control will be disappointed — even angry— that this plan doesn't include a call to strengthen background checks by eliminating the gun show loophole, or a ban on the sale of assault weapons.
We should continue that debate. But let's face it, the divisions are so deep we won't see any results on those things soon, especially not in an NRA stronghold like Texas.
In the meantime, then, let's support something that will make Texas children and teachers safer soon.
On gun access, the plan recommends lawmakers adopt a “red flag” law that would more easily allow the removal of guns from a potentially dangerous person after a legal process.
It recommends strengthening Texas' firearm storage law aimed at keeping guns out of the hands of children under 18, and making it a violation when a child gains access to a gun, even if it's not loaded with ammunition.
A primary focus is to increase the number of law enforcement officers on campuses, and train educators who are willing to serve as armed school marshals.
Arming teachers isn't something a lot of districts, including Fort Worth, want to do, and that's OK. But smaller districts like Argyle that don't have police on every campus have adopted teacher marshal programs their communities support, and so far they appear to be effective.
The safety plan recommends making school buildings less structurally vulnerable; using social media and better reporting identifying possible shooters; and providing a known mental health program that identifies and provides help for students at risk of harming others.
It would cost about $20 million alone to make the proven mental health services available across the state, and just about everything else proposed has a price tag, too.
But if state lawmakers can come up with $800 million for border security, a federal responsibility, they can certainly find money for school security.
It comes down to political courage and setting the right priorities.
Britain's counter-terrorism chief says two people who are critically ill in hospital in Wiltshire were exposed to the Novichok nerve agent, the same toxin that was used in an attack on ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal.
The man and woman, both British, were found unwell at a house in Amesbury on Saturday, close to Salisbury where Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent in March.
"We do not know how the Novichok was transmitted," counter-terrorism chief Neil Basu said. He said there was no intelligence that the two people in Wiltshire incident were targeted and there was nothing in their background to suggest they would be a target.
Basu said it was "a line of inquiry" over whether the latest poisoning was linked to that of Skripal and his daughter Yulia.
The UK's chief medical officer said the risk to the general public from the Wiltshire incident was low.
Camera Icon BRITAIN AMESBURY CRIME
The British pair, named as 44-year-old Dawn Sturgess and 45-year-old Charlie Rowley, were hospitalised after being found unwell in a house in Amesbury, 11km north of Salisbury.
Paramedics were called on Saturday morning after the woman collapsed and returned later in the day when the man also fell ill. They are both in critical condition.
MISSOULA, Mont. — Wildlife officials in Montana have found a new home in Canada for three grizzly bear cubs that were orphaned in June when their mother was killed by a vehicle.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks announced plans on Tuesday to send the cubs to Zoo Sauvage de Saint-Felicien in Quebec.
The Missoulian newspaper reports that the cubs have been at a Helena wildlife rehabilitation centre since being captured in early June.
Authorities have been searching for a new home for the cubs since, hoping to avoid euthanizing them.
FILE PHOTO: Earphones are seen on top of a smart phone with a Spotify logo on it in this February 20, 2014 photo illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
STOCKHOLM/LONDON Music streaming service Spotify said on Thursday it has renewed a nine-year-old licensing deal with independent digital agency Merlin that has proven essential to its enduring appeal to dedicated music fans even as it has become more mainstream.
Merlin represents 20,000 independent record labels in 51 countries - around 12 percent of the digital recorded music market - making it Spotify's fourth largest partner after major labels Sony, Universal and Warner Music, the company said.
The agreement come weeks after Spotify reached a licensing deal with Universal that could make the streaming platform more attractive to its top-selling artists, including Taylor Swift, Adele, Lady Gaga, Coldplay and Kanye West - by letting them release albums exclusively to paying premium users.
Spotify is the world's top music streaming site, having doubled the number of its paying subscribers over the past two years to 50 million as of last month. Rival Apple Music counted 20 million paying subscribers as of last December.
Its stable includes classic British indie labels such as Beggars Group and Sub Pop through to German electronic music label !K7, Kobalt Music, which licenses the music of Prince, and Mad Decent, a U.S. label which has distributed everything from African and Brazilian funk to artists like Outkast.
Spotify, which has yet to show a profit as it expands in markets worldwide and builds new offices in New York, is exploring a market listing in the United States this year, banking sources say, confirming reports over the past year.
But the music platform has resisted a traditional initial public offering (IPO) in favor of a direct share listing, a source with knowledge of the plan said, confirming an earlier report from the Wall Street Journal.
This means existing Spotify investors and employees with stock options would have their shares registered, enabling them to be traded freely, while the company would not be able to raise extra money or work with underwriters to place new shares.
The company raised $526 million in its last funding round in 2015, giving it a valuation of around $8.5 billion at that time.
Spotify lost 173 million euros in 2015 according to the latest figures disclosed by its Luxembourg holding company, but recent deals with labels and the prospect of a stock market listing may mean its cash needs are less urgent.
Merlin, based in Amsterdam and London, also licenses digital rights to Spotify rivals including SoundCloud, Google Play and YouTube Red, Pandora and Deezer.
(Editing by Eric Auchard and Elaine Hardcastle)
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — The Latest on the shooting at a southern Wisconsin race track that left three men dead (all times local):
8:50 a.m.
Sheriff's officials investigating the fatal shooting of three Illinois men at a southern Wisconsin race track say the slayings may have been gang related.
Kenosha County sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said Monday that the victims were known gang members from the Aurora area. He says the man shot them at point-blank range at the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove Sunday night.
Malecki says investigators are looking into the possibility that the shooter is from a rival gang.
The shootings happened near a concession stand in a parking lot about 7 p.m. As many as 5,000 people had gathered at the speedway for Larry's Fun Fest, a car show and drag race.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died on the way to the hospital.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
___
7 a.m.
Sheriff's officials are encouraging anyone who witnessed the fatal shooting of three men at a southern Wisconsin race track to contact authorities.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says there may be witnesses who initially hesitated to talk to deputies at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove Sunday night, but now may be willing to share information.
Authorities say the man who shot the three men at point-blank range is still at large. Beth says the shooting happened in a parking lot concession area about 7 p.m. Two men died at the scene, and the third died en route to a hospital. The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
___
12:41 a.m.
A Wisconsin sheriff says three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports about shots being fired.
Beth says the three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor. No suspects have been arrested.
Two men died at the scene, and the third died while being transported to a hospital. The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.”
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CURTIS, Neb. – Beef cattle and animal nutrition are among specialties for a new faculty member at the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture.
Meredith (Bremer) Cable of rural Bertrand joins NCTA on Monday as an assistant professor of animal science, and starts work with students as classes begin Aug. 21, said Doug Smith, chair of the NCTA Animal Science and Agricultural Education division.
“We welcome Meredith Cable to our academic faculty where she will assist NCTA faculty this fall semester while transitioning into a full teaching load in January,” Smith said.
Cable will concentrate on range management and other duties while training with Jo Bek who ends her 39-year teaching career at NCTA in December.
Cable's responsibilities will include teaching, sponsoring student clubs such as Collegiate Cattlemen, and assisting Smith with initiatives such as meats science, the NCTA beef cattle teaching herd and campus feedlot.
“I enjoy research and livestock nutrition, and the opportunity to be in a teaching setting with the college's farm laboratory here in Curtis and the grazing initiatives in off-site partnerships and resources,” Cable said.
She received her bachelor's degree in animal science and master's in ruminant nutrition from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. She is a native of St. Edward, Nebraska, where she was raised in a diversified operation of crop, cow-calf and feedlot enterprises.
From 2015-2016, Cable served as the Beef Systems Extension Educator in the Nebraska Extension four-county area of Sheridan, Dawes, Box Butte and Sioux Counties. For the past year, she has been the business manager for JKS Farms north of Kearney.
She also is a volunteer advisor with the Nebraska Grazing Lands Coalition, a non-profit statewide organization of education and technical assistance for operators of grazing lands.
Cable and her husband, Cory, live south of Bertrand, where in her limited free time she enjoys horseback riding and playing the guitar.
Information about NCTA programs is available at ncat.unl.edu or from Dr. Smith at 1-800-3CURTIS.
SAN DIEGO — San Diego police were investigating the death of a baby Tuesday at a home in the 3100 Minuteman Street in Tierrasanta, an SDPD spokesman said.
The home is located in a neighborhood of military housing.
There are no immediate indications that the fatality, which was reported shortly after 10 a.m., is suspicious, he said.
The age and gender of the child — described only as an infant — are not immediately available.
This developing story wi8ll be updated as more information becomes available.
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Moscow: Moscow on Friday faced over 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of some 100,000 people from shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings.
It was the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.
Among those targeted by the bomb calls, Friday were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.
Flights to and from Moscow weren't affected, as security agents at the airports checked for explosives without holding evacuations.
The bomb calls continued until the evening when the Luzhniki sports arena and office buildings in the Moscow City district were evacuated including the Moscow city hall legislature and the government's analytical centre.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said yesterday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.
Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but he wouldn't identify them or describe their motives.
He added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.
Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighbouring Ukraine which has been angered by Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea and it supports for pro-Russia separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine or staged by other Kremlin foes.
There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
The42 uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more »
The first Central Superior Services (CSS) examination under revised syllabus was conducted earlier this year. Only 202 out of 9643 candidates qualified the written examination. These successful few will now undergo medical and psychological tests which are likely to cause further screening. In terms of percentage, the success rate in written examination shows a depressing 2.09. While the result puts the country's education system in poor light, the purpose of this discourse is the want of a crucial yet missing aspect in revised curriculum of the CSS examination which is the National Maritime Sector.
For instance, the national maritime sector encompassing both, economic and military dimension and developments in the Asia-Pacific region are little known subjects across Pakistan. Had it not been for CPEC, the name “Gawadar” may not have found even a mention in the mainstream political discourse much less in electronic media. The country still does not have a “maritime vision” while the subject is all together missing from the manifestos of every major political party. Terms like CPEC, Gawadar, Arabian Sea, maritime security etc have frequently appeared in the print media over the past one year or so. Even then, a great percentage of public office holders would surely be found less than familiar with what ‘sea' or ‘maritime commerce' means for Pakistan.
Despite being a current issue of discussion in most world capitals, the geopolitical trends in the Asia-Pacific find only a fleeting reference in the syllabus of CSS (IR contemporary issues). There is no gainsaying that the region of Asia-Pacific has, and continues to fuel economic growth in larger Asia. It has precipitated a shift in the global economic centre of gravity from the Atlantic to this region. The critical need to protect sea lines of communication and scamper to grab sea based resources through claims and counter claims over wider sea expanse has concurrently given rise to friction. It has drawn in more naval and maritime forces than at any other time in contemporary history. The US, China, India, Australia and Pakistan are all understandably concentrating their naval power and focusing strategies in the region.
A new era of geo-politics, cooperation and contest is underway in the region. This is manifest in flexing of naval muscle, expanding alliances and establishing a toehold in the Indian Ocean Islands in furtherance of strategic maritime interests. An ever expanding network of joint USN-IN operations in Indo-Pacific, operational integration of Arihant, India's first nuclear submarine with Indian navy, establishment of first overseas military base by India in the Island of Seychelles, a New Delhi's first tri-services command in Andaman-Nicobar Island are only some of the striking developments. These will have a definitive and cumulative impact in shaping the region's maritime security environment and larger world in future.
On November 14, the first Chinese cargo ship docked at Gawadar. A day earlier, the prime minister, accompanied by chief of the army staff and chief of the naval staff inaugurated the port of Gawadar. The inauguration marked the operationalisation and opening of commercial activities at the port. As CPEC matures, the national maritime security will increasingly define the economic fate of Pakistan. The success of CPEC will hinge on a fully functional port of Gawadar, the hub of all commercial activity. It will as much depend on safety and security provided to the maritime commerce of China, Pakistan and other countries travelling through sea lines of the Indian Ocean. Needless to mention, CPEC will add up to the predominant part of Pakistan's trade already shipped through the sea.
The unraveling geo-politics and maritime security, the impact of maritime sector on Pakistan's national economy as well as significance of Gawadar-CPEC are all too important issues to be ignored in any major prospective national decision making process. Yet like several other countries, Pakistan remains mired in what is termed as, “sea blindness”- also “maritime blindness”. It refers to a state where large segments of population are ignorant or unmindful of oceans and attendant matters. For reasons some of which are cited here, most of Asia is turning towards sea.
Both India and United States view CPEC as inimical to their strategic interests in the region. Wary of China's presence in the Indian Ocean, the US and India have already reached a momentous accord, the Logistic Sharing Agreement (LSA) which virtually amounts to war pact. The agreement will provide ease of operations and improve sustainability of the US navy. With CPEC advancing, China is also tipped to become a two ocean navy. It has already set a foothold in the Arabian Sea.
Adding to such developments is the change of guard in Washington. The newly elected US President Trump has already declared that Hindus and India will be “America's best friends”. Just what the duo of two extreme right wing leaders in Trump-Modi could do to undermine Pakistan's interests and security cannot be over-emphasised. India's far-right ultra-nationalist Hindu Sena outfit is jubilant over the success of Mr. Trump. An emboldened government in New Delhi is meanwhile aggressively shifting to war mode with Pakistan.
Over the past two decades and as part of its corporate responsibility, Pakistan Navy has made concerted efforts to expand its national outreach. This has included consequential initiatives like moving Pakistan Navy War College from Karachi to Lahore, holding large-scale multinational naval exercises, increased interaction with academia, especially in Punjab, instituting joint seminars in collaboration with public sector universities etc. A revised National Maritime Policy and Strategy is understood to have been finalized by the Naval Headquarters/Ministry of Defence. The first Maritime Doctrine of Pakistan is also anticipated to be published in due course. The doctrine will provide an overarching view of Pakistan's maritime sector, maritime security and peace/war time roles expected of Pakistan Navy.
Given the progressing developments and its importance for Pakistan, the present and future public office bearers owe a responsibility to the nation. They must ensure that maritime domain does not escape their attention. Its inclusion in the CSS examination syllabus and institution of appropriate module in the training at the civil services academy is an indispensable and urgent national need. It is time to adopt novel approach and inject new thinking in our national psyche that has for long remained land centric. It can gain considerable momentum if juvenile brains are prepared in time for what is going to be the real battle ground in twenty first century-the Indo-Pacific region. The verse of national poet Iqbal resonates fittingly:
TORONTO — Bryan Adams is planning a new album in what has already been a busy year for the "Run To You" rocker.
The Kingston, Ont.-born musician pegged Nov. 3 for the release of "Ultimate," his first studio effort in two years.
Adams teased fans with a 20-second clip of the pop ballad "Please Stay" on Facebook, while saying the single will be released on Oct. 13.
He didn't offer any more details about the album but promised more information would be coming soon.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as “Hidden Cobra.”
“DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives,” the alert said.
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks. The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks. The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.'s Flash software, which were patched in January and June, respectively.
Advertisement
The joint alert was issued Tuesday, the same day that American student Otto Warmbier, who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government, arrived in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program. The U.S. has issued sanctions, but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. UConn (8-0) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
2. Texas (7-1) lost to No. 11 Tennessee 82-75. Next: vs. Northwestern State, Wednesday.
3. Notre Dame (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. DePaul, Sunday.
4. Louisville (11-0) did not play. Next: vs. Tennessee State, Tuesday.
5. South Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Sunday.
6. Mississippi State (9-0) beat UALR 86-48. Next: vs. No. 9 Oregon, Wednesday.
7. UCLA (7-2) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Sunday.
8. Baylor (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. McNeese State, Wednesday.
9. Oregon (8-1) did not play. Next: at No. 6 Mississippi State, Wednesday.
10. West Virginia (9-0) beat Coppin State 101-43. Next: vs. Radford, Saturday.
11. Tennessee (10-0) beat No. 2 Texas 82-75. Next: at Long Beach State, Sunday.
12. Ohio State (9-2) did not play. Next: vs. Dartmouth, Friday.
13. Florida State (10-0) beat Arizona State 77-66. Next: at No. 2 Texas, Sunday.
14. Duke (8-2) beat Winthrop 101-30. Next: vs. Maine, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
15. Maryland (9-2) did not play. Next: at Loyola (Md.), Monday.
16. South Florida (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Southern University, Friday.
17. Missouri (9-1) beat SIU Edwardsville 78-48. Next: vs. Indiana, Sunday.
18. Stanford (5-4) did not play. Next: vs. UNLV, Saturday.
19. Oregon State (6-2) beat San Jose State 110-62. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
20. Kentucky (8-3) lost to Miami 65-54. Next: vs. No. 4 Louisville, Sunday.
21. Texas A&M (8-2) did not play. Next: at Southern Cal, Friday.
22. Villanova (9-0) beat Temple 69-65. Next: at La Salle, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
23. Green Bay (8-1) beat Loyola of Chicago 76-39. Next: vs. Bradley, Saturday.
24. Michigan (8-2) beat Kent State 54-41. Next: vs. North Florida, Tuesday.
25. California (7-2) beat Pacific 92-85. Next: vs. BYU, Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
via email
C​hecking out at the store, the young cashier suggested to the much older lady that she should bring her own grocery bags, because plastic bags are not good for the environment.
The woman apologized to the young girl and explained, “We didn't have this ‘green thing' back in my earlier days.”
The young clerk responded, “That's our problem today. Your generation did not care enough to save our environment for future generations.”
The older lady said that she was right — our generation didn't have the “green thing” in its day. The older lady went on to explain:
Back then, we returned milk bottles, soda bottles and beer bottles to the store. The store sent them back to the plant to be washed and sterilized and refilled, so it could use the same bottles over and over. So they really were recycled. But we didn't have the “green thing” back in our day.
Grocery stores bagged our groceries in brown paper bags that we reused for numerous things. Most memorable besides household garbage bags was the use of brown paper bags as book covers for our school books. This was to ensure that public property (the books provided for our use by the school) was not defaced by our scribblings. Then we were able to personalize our books on the brown paper bags. But, too bad we didn't do the “green thing” back then.
We walked upstairs because we didn't have an escalator in every store and office building. We walked to the grocery store and didn't climb into a 300-horsepower machine every time we had to go two blocks.
But she was right. We didn't have the “green thing” in our day.
Back then we washed the baby's diapers because we didn't have the throw away kind. We dried clothes on a line, not in an energy-gobbling machine burning up 220 volts. Wind and solar power really did dry our clothes back in our early days. Kids got hand-me-down clothes from their brothers or sisters, not always brand-new clothing.
But that young lady is right; we didn't have the “green thing” back in our day.
Back then we had one TV, or radio, in the house — not a TV in every room. And the TV had a small screen the size of a handkerchief (remember them?), not a screen the size of the state of Montana. In the kitchen we blended and stirred by hand because we didn't have electric machines to do everything for us. When we packaged a fragile item to send in the mail, we used wadded up old newspapers to cushion it, not Styrofoam or plastic bubble wrap. Back then, we didn't fire up an engine and burn gasoline just to cut the lawn. We used a push mower that ran on human power. We exercised by working so we didn't need to go to a health club to run on treadmills that operate on electricity.
But she's right; we didn't have the “green thing” back then.
We drank from a fountain when we were thirsty instead of using a cup or a plastic bottle every time we had a drink of water. We refilled writing pens with ink instead of buying a new pen, and we replaced the razor blade in a razor instead of throwing away the whole razor just because the blade got dull.
But we didn't have the “green thing” back then.
Back then, people took the streetcar or a bus and kids rode their bikes to school or walked instead of turning their moms into a 24-hour taxi service in the family's $45,000 SUV or van, which cost what a whole house did before the”green thing.” We had one electrical outlet in a room, not an entire bank of sockets to power a dozen appliances. And we didn't need a computerized gadget to receive a signal beamed from satellites 23,000 miles out in space in order to find the nearest burger joint.
But isn't it sad the current generation laments how wasteful we old folks were just because we didn't have the “green thing” back then?
A third robbery was reported today (13 June) at Mr Arthur's on North Church Street near the Waterfront.
According to police, a man entered the store and after a short time in the store he left. He then returned with a small firearm and demanded cash.
He then left in a small, tan-coloured vehicle possibly a Honda with the numbers 583 somewhere in the license plate number.
No shots were fired and no one was injured in that incident.
Employees at the store like clerk Godfrey Vassell said this isn't the first time they were robbed and they were fearful.
“It uses to happen quite frequently like after Ivan. It's about 12 times between then and then about two years ago Ms. Vel, about two years ago they break in,” Mr Vassell said.
Police released a brief suspect description. The culprit is described as being not so tall and of dark complexion with short hair.
Anyone with information on this and any crime is encouraged to call George Town police station at 949-4222. Anonymous tips can be provided directly to the RCIPS via our confidential tip line at 949-7777.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
California: Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor -- the kingpins of their respective sports -- announced Wednesday they would fight on August 26 in Las Vegas.
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced the fight on his Instagram account with a graphic saying "IT`S OFFICIAL!!!" showing pictures of both fighters and listing Las Vegas as the location. McGregor sent out a tweet stating "THE FIGHT IS ON." He also included photos of the pair.
MMA promoter Dana White said the bout would take place at the T-Mobile Arena and it would be a boxing match at 154-pounds with 10 ounce gloves.
"We have been in negotiations for a while," White told American sports broadcaster ESPN. "The negotiations went smooth. Floyd Mayweather surrounds himself with smart people and we got the deal done."
McGregor is the top pay-per-view draw in UFC while Mayweather had been the moneyspinner in some of boxing`s biggest bouts, including matchups with Filipino legend Manny Pacquiao and US star Oscar De La Hoya. Mayweather earned $250 million for his fight against Pacquiao.
Neither Mayweather nor McGregor have competed this year. Mayweather retired from pro boxing in 2015 after defeating Andre Berto, while McGregor (21-3) defeated Eddie Alvarez in November 2016.
White said the key to finalizing the fight was luring Mayweather out of his 23-month retirement.
"Everybody is happy with this deal," White said. "Nobody is bummed out."
The boxing format heavily favours the undefeated Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) who many consider to be the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world.
McGregor, a 28-year-old Irishman, will be entering unknown territory as he has not stepped in a boxing ring since he was a teenager.Despite having little or no boxing experience, White insists his MMA client McGregor is confident of victory. McGregor is UFC`s only simultaneous two-division champion.
"He is absolutely, 100 percent positive he will win this fight. When two men step into the ring anything can happen," White said of southpaw McGregor.
There will, of course, be no titles on the line, but it is an opportunity for both to cash in financially.
The fight is expected to be a pay-for-view blockbuster, as organizers are hoping it can challenge the 4.6 million pay-per-view buys for Mayweather-Pacquiao.
Not everyone will be excited to see a Mayweather-McGregor exhibition match, especially considering that McGregor is a 25-1 underdog.
Boxing champion turned promoter De La Hoya said a fight between the two would be an embarrassment for the sport of boxing.
But the trash-talking Irishman has a dedicated fan base and knows how to sell tickets.
In his last fight, McGregor won the lightweight title from Alvarez in November 2015 in UFC`s first Madison Square Garden card.
At one time promoters were looking at a September 16 date for Mayweather-McGregor but it is now taken by a Canelo Alvarez-Gennady Golovkin middleweight world championship fight at T-Mobile Arena.
McGregor received a California boxing license last year but is still waiting for his Nevada boxing license application to be approved.
New Delhi: The flood situation has taken a critical turn in Assam and parts of Bihar after incessant rains lash the states.
The second wave of deluge on Sunday claimed lives of 10 more people and affected nearly 22.5 lakh people in 21 districts of the north eastern state. Assam State Disaster Management Authority today said,"With today's deaths, the toll in this year's flood-related incidents has gone up to 99. The situation is likely to worsen as waters of the Brahmaputra and 10 other rivers were flowing above the danger mark at 15 places."Reports state that most of the forest areas in Kaziranga National Park, Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary and Lawkhua wildlife sanctuary were submerged underwater. Nagaon Deputy Commissioner Shamsher Singh said the waters of the Brahmaputra river breached a crucial dyke at Hatimura inundating vast areas of the district.
Dhubri was reportedly the worst-affected with 3.98 lakh people affected, followed by Morigaon with 3.14 lakh people. Chief Public Relations Officer of Northeast Frontier Railway Pranav Jyoti Sharma said 22 trains have been cancelled while 14 others were stranded at various places as the tracks are flooded at places across the northeast.
Following the havoc in the state, Prime Minister Narendra Modi called up Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, who toured various flood-affected areas in Dibrugarh district, an official release claimed. "The prime minister expressed concern and assured all possible help and support to the state government in handling the situation," the release further said.
On the other hand, heavy rainfall in Trai regions of Nepal and Seemanchal since yesterday have deteriorated the situation in Kishanganj, Purnea, Araria and Katihar districts of Bihar. Other affected districts are Darbhanga, Madhubani, Sitamarhi, Madhepura, Saharsa, Supaul, East and West Champaran. Railway stations in Kishanganj, Katihar and Jogbani in Araria were flooded by water, leaving scores of passengers stranded. Eighteen trains have been cancelled since Sunday.
According to officials, crops worth crores were damaged and road link to several places had been snapped. As per the officials, nearly two million people have been affected by the floods, including thousands who have been forced to evacuate from their homes.
Earlier on Sunday, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar sought the Army and the Indian Air Force's help in relief and rescue of affected people. He urged Prime Minister Narender Modi and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to provide all possible aid. "Both have assured their assistance," Nitish Kumar said.
The flood situation in Bihar will continue to be grim following rising water levels in rivers and incessant rains. According to the reports, at least 10 persons, including women and children, have been killed in the floods so far. Major rivers in the state including the Koshi, Mahananda, Gandak, Bagmati and Ganga are in spate, officials said.
(With inputs from agencies)
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Maine's Republican U.S. senator said on Sunday that Alabama politician Roy Moore was unfit to serve in the Senate even before sexual-misconduct allegations against him came to light.
Sen. Susan Collins made the comments on CBS' “Face the Nation.” She called the Republican National Committee's decision to support Moore in the Alabama race “a mistake.”
Collins said she thought Moore was a poor choice for Senate because of his views on Muslims and gays even before she learned of the misconduct allegations. She also said she's troubled that Moore has been removed from the Alabama Supreme Court twice for failure to “follow lawful judicial orders.”
Moore is accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, when he was a county prosecutor in his 30s. He has largely denied the allegations.
Moore faces Democrat Doug Jones in a special election on Tuesday. The election could have major implications for the balance of power in the Senate, where Republicans have a slight edge.
Alabama's Christian conservatives see Moore as their champion. He has fought federal judges and castigated liberals, big government, gun control, Muslims, homosexuality and anything else that doesn't fit the evangelical mold.
Moore was dumped from his state's Supreme Court for ignoring a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state's judicial building and for opposing gay marriage after the U.S. Supreme Court effectively legalized it.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) — Cavon Baker tied his career high with 20 points, Quadir Welton had 17 points and 12 rebounds for his seventh double-double, and Saint Peter's beat Marist 71-46 on Tuesday night.
The Peacocks had a 30-16 lead at halftime after holding Marist to 6-of-25 shooting. Back-to-back Baker buckets and a 3-pointer by Nick Griffin pushed the lead to 47-26.
Griffin finished with 14 points for Saint Peter's (15-12, 11-6 Metro Atlantic Athletic). Griffin made three of the Peacocks' nine 3-pointers and Baker grabbed six rebounds to help with a 31-22 rebounding advantage.
Saint Peter's moved into second place in conference after Iona lost to Canisius 89-83 on Tuesday. Monmouth sits alone in first with a 14-2 conference record.
Khallid Hart hit three 3-pointers and scored 12 points for Marist (6-21, 3-13), which lost its eighth straight. Brian Parker added 10 points.
New Delhi: A change of leadership could soon to be on the cards for the Indian National Congress party. Recently, party president Sonia Gandhi hinted at making Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, the new working president.
On August 8, towards the end of Congress Working Committee (CWC) that discussed the issue of 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, Mrs Gandhi quietly broached the subject of the change of guard with some senior leaders, including former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh — wondering aloud if Priyanka Gandhi should be made Working President of the party, reported the DNA.
A final decision on the future of the party is expected to be taken in the next one month or so.
"It wasn't a casual question. She clearly had something on her mind. There is a lot of merit in this move, if it happens," observed a CWC member.
Mrs Gandhi's suggestion has received strong support from senior leadership.
Priyanka Gandhi's spokesperson, however, refuted the rumours.
Complete fabrication. No such discussion took place whatsoever: Priyanka Gandhi's PA P Sahay to ANI on reports of her being Cong working Pres — ANI (@ANI) August 14, 2017
Over the last few years, there has been a strong demand within the party that Priyanka be given a formal role. The Gandhi family has repeatedly sidestepped the issue. On her part, Priyanka has restricted herself, politically that is, to the Gandhi family bastions of Amethi and Rae Barelli.
Sources present in the meeting shared with Zee Media that Sonia told the select few that if the party wants to put up a credible show in the next Lok Sabha elections, a young face would have to assume control and manage the affairs of the party, including strategising with senior leaders.
Party vice-president Rahul Gandhi – who many consider to be the next Congress president– did not attend the meeting since he's suffering from viral fever.
While Rahul's elevation as party president has been the subject of intense speculation in the party folds, many consider Priyanka being the face of the party to the run up to the 2019 general elections could rejuvenate the struggling.
"Whether we want to admit it or not, the truth is that the Gandhi family is the glue that binds this party. Even when a member of the family wasn't at the forefront, like when PV Narasimha Rao was Prime Minister or when Sitaram Kesari was party president, the shadow of the family always loomed large. Despite attempts to malign the name of the family, there is little doubt that the Gandhis have a connect with voters in large parts of the country," observed a senior Congress MP and a former minister.
Since 2014, when Narendra Modi led the BJP to a spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha elections, the Congress has witnessed a steady departure of several prominent state-level leaders.
Many in the party also suggest that the reason for the absence of an effective game-plan to counter the Modi juggernaut is the sharp divide between the thought process of Team Rahul and the Old Guard represented by the likes of Ahmed Patel, Ghulam Nabi Azad and many state satraps.
While some who don't enjoy much support within the party or even among common voters have talked of looking beyond the Nehru-Gandhi family to revive the party, this line of thinking hasn't found any traction within the Congress.
"For as hard as he works, he does know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Staff were briefly evacuated from the AGA Rangemaster factory in Leamington after a ‘small fire' broke out this morning (Thursday June 15).
Two fire engines and a fire support vehicle were sent to the scene in Clarence Street at around 8.55am.
A member of staff said there was a small fire on the second floor.
The company's staff assembled outside, but the fire was quickly contained and staff were sent back in at around 9.20am.
DANVILLE, Va. - Nancy Taylor Reynolds witnessed the transformation of the Danville Community College campus for nearly half a century.
After 47 years and 10 months, as of July 1, she will retire from her job with the college.
Reynolds transitioned from being a student at the college to a graduate to an employee over a matter of weeks nearly 48 years ago.
“My mother used to tell people that I went to DCC and never left,” Reynolds said with a laugh.
Nancy Taylor Reynolds, pictured second from right, standing, poses with her section of Danville Community College's graduates from the secretarial science program in 1970. Reynolds took a job with DCC two weeks after graduating and will…
Born and raised in Pittsylvania County, Reynolds in 1970 from the college's secretarial science program, which is now called administrative support technology.
Her first position at DCC was answering the switchboard and helping out in the admissions, counseling and president's offices.
When the college's financial aid office was first launched, she became the administrative assistant while one of the counselors, John McRae, became the director.
Her next position -- the one from which she will retire next month -- was in the office of the vice president of financial and administrative services.
Reynolds said that her love for her job is what has motivated her to come to work every day for nearly 48 years.
When asked what advice she would offer to anyone getting started with their career, Reynolds said to work hard and look for opportunities to grow professionally.
“Be a dedicated employee. Don't look for shortcuts or the easy way out,” she said. “Take advantage of seminars and workshops. Try to learn new things constantly.”
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
REVIEW WHAT “Groundhog Day” WHERE August Wilson Theatre, 245 W. 52nd St. INFO $69.50-$159; 877-250-2929; groundhogdaymusical.com BOTTOM LINE Terrific musical endangered by star's injury.
I saw Andy Karl in “Groundhog Day” on Thursday, and he was terrific. So, in fact, was the show, an ingenious, witty, dark yet joyously offbeat musical about Phil Connors, a snotty big-city TV weatherman forced to relive the same day, over and over in boring small-town Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, until, just maybe, he gets it right.
And on Thursday, Karl got it very right. That included the easygoing command of demanding songs, not to mention the stopwatch physical comedy and boisterous dancing, all the while creating a complicated egomaniac who, miraculously, didn't make me yearn for Bill Murray's beloved deadpan portrayal in the 1993 movie.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
As you may have heard, however, Karl injured his knee during Friday's performance in what he later described as a “poorly landed leapfrog.” His understudy, Andrew Call, went on Saturday night and, as of Monday afternoon, Karl was expected be onstage at Monday night's opening in what was destined to be a star-making performance.
But on with the show, or at least the review. The musical, which just won Olivier Awards (London's Tony) for best new musical and for best actor (Karl) in a musical, is no carbon copy of the film. With the screenwriter Danny Rubin guarding his unsentimental redemption story as book writer, however, Phil's surreal journey goes believably from freak-out to incredulity, hedonistic jollity, murderous sadism, suicidal depression and god-complex grandiosity. The creative team that deftly balanced the nasty with the comic in “Matilda” finds at least as much special chemistry in this surreal challenge, a romantic comedy and life lesson that, in the words of one of the characters, “messes with the space-time continuum.” Tim Minchin's music beguiles with odd phrase lengths and wildly unpredictable, amusing lyrics, while director Matthew Warchus and his first-rate cast take us through the day and its many conflations with a light touch that belies the head-spinning concept and scenic intricacy.
Despite adorably absurd birds-eye car chases and high-tech mechanics (that got temporarily stuck Thursday), the sets and costumes by Rob Howell have the delicate feel of miniatures. The stage is lined with little houses with lights in the windows and more stuck akimbo on the roofs of buildings. The townsfolk include a man in a groundhog suit and various cheerful people we are expected, at first, to find obnoxiously bland.
Barrett Doss, as Phil's assistant producer, sparingly uses her impressive high wail and has a lovely lack of ingenue coyness. I was going to complain bitterly about a mood-smashing, irrelevant song for an actress who laments being cast for her beauty. Considering Karl's accident and potential trouble ahead for the show, I'm going to let that pass.
click to enlarge Adam Manno
MSNBC journalist Joy Ann Reid moderates a discussion between College of Charleston professors on the first year of the Trump presidency at the Sottille Theater on Feb. 1.
Cable news correspondent Joy Ann Reid moderated a panel discussion about the first year of the Trump presidency that lead into a rumination on retiring College of Charleston president Glenn McConell Thursday night.Five multi-disciplinary CofC academics weighed in on how the first 365 days of President Trump have affected their students, their classes, and their disciplines.African-American studies professor Patricia Lessane affirmed that the College has a "unique history" as one of the oldest universities in the country, but that it must still face its lingering structural inequality."It's the 13th oldest institution of higher education. At the same time, it has had a very storied history of racism," Lessane said. "We were just having a conversation in the green room about the numbers of the African-American students. It still trails behind the number of African-American students who go to other schools."Political science professor Latasha Chaffin worried about the lack of black representation at the school. She qualified that by arguing that students are more active than she has ever seen them."I think students are seeing some of these movements where we come together to impact what our legislators are doing," she said. "This is a time when we're able to see how we can affect policy. In terms of the racial climate, we have conversations with our students ... to understand why there's an environment where we have 33 percent Black [people] in Charleston, why do we only have six percent black [students] on campus?"Lessane added that today's students are apt to conduct their own research."They're politically savvy," she said. "My black, white, my trans students. They're really educated about what they believe is wrong and they fact-check."Reid confessed that most of her visits to the Holy City involve tragedy in one way or another, with either the shooting at Mother Emanuel, the subsequent trial of Dylann Roof, or the trials of former North Charleston police officer Michael Slager ("We needed a guilty verdict to solidify ourselves as a morally just place," Lessane said) filling up her schedule as a correspondent.When the conversation turned to media coverage, communications professor Michael Lee made a distinction between two different, and sometimes competing, types of coverage of the Trump administration."I think there's the Trump show presidency, covered by mainstream outlets and Twitter. That's mostly concerned with personality and how media figures react to tweets," he said. "Then there's the shadow presidency. It's not happening in secret, but it's less salacious. It's very typical politics not that different from what George Bush was doing. They're doing things that are straight in the Republican agenda."Reid is a highly prominent fixture on the social media site. The Poynter Institute ranked her at number four in a list of the most tweeted journalists."I think it's an awakening for media," professor Lee said. "Do you cover the show presidency or the typical presidency?"Toward the end of the hour-and-a-half discussion, Reid brought up the retirement of college president Glenn McConnell, who announced on Monday that he would be stepping down from his post this summer. The theater erupted into cheers, and professor Lessane did a small dance in her seat.McConnell's support of the Confederate battle flag drew protests and sit-ins from both faculty and students after his appointment in 2014."I would say that CofC students were very vocal when [McConnell] was hired, and I'm gonna leave it at that," she said when asked if students should take part in a selection process for a new president. "Add to that too: We definitely need that. You can look at our wonderful leadership, but it is majority white male."
5/10
TUGUN 7 Coolara St. The former winners will pull the plug on their display after this year. Should they get one last win? The Gold Coast Bulletin's 2017 Christmas Lights Competition, presented by Ray White Surfers Paradise, is crowning the top 10. Winners will be announced in the Gold Coast Bulletin on Saturday, December 16. First place will receive a $1500 Visa prepaid gift card, while second and third will receive $500 cards. For full terms and conditions visit goldcoastbulletin.com.au/competitions. Photo by Richard Gosling
NEW YORK: Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) leader and Member National Assembly (MNA), Muhammad Ayaz Soomro, passed away at a Manhattan hospital early Tuesday morning.
According to details, Soomro was a heart patient and was being treated in a hospital at Manhattan in New York. He was born on 31 December 1958 and died at the age of 59 on March 20, 2018.
Muhammad Ayaz Soomro was elected as the member of the National Assembly on a ticket of Pakistan Peoples Party from NA-204 (Larkana) in general election, 2013, he was elected as MPA from PS-37 Larkana in 2002, and he also served as law minister Sindh during Qaim Ali Shah's tenure as chief minister.
On Saturday night, the 17-year old Secret Superstar actress Zaira Wasim shared a post on social media, giving details of her experience on board flight UK981. She was travelling business class along with her mother to attend an award function in Mumbai. In a live video on her social media account, she accused a fellow passenger of molesting her. Cops had recorded the actress' statement where she alleged, a male passenger of rubbing his foot along her neck and back.
The man who allegedly molested actor Zaira Wasim was identified as– 39-year-old Vikas Sachdev and was arrested on Sunday after a huge public outcry over the incident.
He will be produced in the court on Monday. Sachdev has been booked under section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC, and relevant sections of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act since the actress is a minor.
Trending
Divya Sachdeva, wife of the accused Vikas Sachdeva, spoke to Spotboye and accused Zaira of doing a publicity stunt. “This girl has been influenced by fame and wrongly accused my husband Vikas. My husband was coming home from Delhi. His mamaji had passed away and he was not in the right frame of mind. He was feeling very low and asked for a blanket. He wanted to sleep.I am shocked at Zaira's allegation. The police have taken my husband into custody.
“They came home this morning. Why did Zaira not raise an alarm then and there? Why did Zaira tweet 2 hours later? Zaira had her mother for company. Despite that, the two ladies chose not to make any noise, why? My father is an ex-Army officer and my father-in-law is an ex-Income Tax officer. We know how important it is to respect a lady, our family upholds very high values.My husband is a family man. We have a 9-year-old child Vikas can never misbehave with any lady in any manner.”
NEW YORK (AP) - Scandal-plagued Weinstein Co. files for bankruptcy protection with buyout offer in hand.
One of the women included in the New York Times report on three decades worth of sexual harassment allegations against Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein, Italian model Ambra Battilana, pressed charges with the New York Police Department, accusing Weinstein of groping her at his apartment in March 2015. The next month, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. declined to prosecute Weinstein, saying that "after analyzing the available evidence, including multiple interviews with both parties, a criminal charge is not supported." A few months later, in August, International Business Times reports, a longtime Weinstein lawyer, David Boies, donated $10,000 to Vance's campaign.
Vance was just in the news over his decision not to file felony fraud charges against Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump Jr. in 2012, overruling his prosecutors, right after Trump lawyer Marc Kasowitz donated $25,000 to Vance's campaign. (Vance returned the $25,000 before meeting Kasowitz, who then raised $50,000 for Vance after he dropped the Trump case.) In this instance, Vance spokeswoman Joan Vollero told IBT, "Boies did not represent Harvey Weinstein in 2015 during the criminal investigation." A spokesman for Boies' law firm noted that Boies has donated to Vance's campaign since at least 2005, and said Boies "has never spoken to him about Harvey Weinstein." According to Variety, Boies is one of Weinstein's lawyers to fight the new claims from The New York Times. Peter Weber
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Dubuque-N. Iowa Box
N. IOWA 80, DUBUQUE 47 DUBUQUE (0-1)
Atwater 6-21 2-2 16, Lake 3-13 0-0 7, Ragen 0-4 0-0 0, Daniels 1-5 0-0 2, McDaniel 2-7 0-0 6, Smith 0-0 0-0 0, Bentley 0-0 0-0 0, Williams 2-5 0-0 5, Hundley 0-0 0-0 0, Randolph 1-3 0-0 3, Thompson 1-3 0-0 3, Squiers 0-0 0-0 0, Easton 0-0 0-0 0, Soenksen 0-2 0-0 0, Newsome 0-1 0-0 0, Clayton 0-0 0-0 0, Wright 1-1 0-0 2, Calvert 1-2 0-0 3. Totals 18-67 2-2 47.
N. IOWA (8-2)
Koch 3-4 6-6 12, Carlson 2-2 0-0 4, McCloud 1-4 0-0 3, Pickford 1-5 2-2 4, Brown 4-5 1-1 11, T.Lohaus 1-3 0-0 3, Phyfe 4-5 0-0 8, McDonnell 1-1 0-0 2, Conrey 0-1 0-0 0, Dahl 0-3 0-0 0, Friedman 0-0 1-2 1, W.Lohaus 4-8 0-0 11, Rhodes 1-4 1-1 4, McDermott 2-2 0-0 6, Wentzien 1-5 0-0 2, Haldeman 2-4 3-3 9. Totals 27-56 14-15 80.
Halftime_N. Iowa 47-19. 3-Point Goals_Dubuque 9-33 (McDaniel 2-7, Atwater 2-8, Williams 1-2, Calvert 1-2, Randolph 1-3, Thompson 1-3, Lake 1-4, Ragen 0-2, Soenksen 0-2), N. Iowa 12-21 (W.Lohaus 3-4, McDermott 2-2, Brown 2-2, Haldeman 2-3, T.Lohaus 1-1, McCloud 1-2, Rhodes 1-2, Conrey 0-1, Pickford 0-2, Wentzien 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Dubuque 32 (Atwater 8), N. Iowa 41 (Koch 7). Assists_Dubuque 7 (Soenksen 2), N. Iowa 16 (W.Lohaus, Wentzien 3). Total Fouls_Dubuque 14, N. Iowa 8. A_3,212 (6,650).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Roseanne Barr is partly blaming Ambien for the tweet that led to her show's cancellation, but the maker of the insomnia drug quickly retorted that "racism is not a known side effect."
Hours after ABC axed her show for her offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was back on the social media platform.
She urged people not to defend her and said of her Jarrett tweet that she was "ambien tweeting" at 2 a.m.
That led to the response on Twitter by the drugmaker Sanofi.
Full specifications
Headphones form factor: Circumaural
Headphones cup type: closed
Sound output mode: stereo
Frequency response: 12 Hz
Total Harmonic Distortion (THD)
Sensitivity: 100.5 dB/mW
Impedance: 30 Ohm
Diaphragm: 2-inches
Magnet material: neodymium
Microphone technology: electret condenser
Microphone operation mode: uni-directional
Sensitivity: -40 dB
Response bandwidth: 50 Hz
Audio input: uni-directional - 50 - 18000 Hz
Design
Aesthetically, the Cloud Revolver S is identical to its precursor. However, this has a white and black color scheme in contrast to the red and black scheme used for its predecessor. The headband frame is built out of this steel which is attached the ear cups on either end.
The ear cups are made of hard plastic, and don a white logo of the company. Under the headband, there's a soft pad that is covered with leather. It also has a unique white lace stitched on both sides to complement the overall color scheme of the headset.
The headset doesn't allow you to adjust the headphone at all, and honestly, you won't feel the need to adjust it as well. The metal band bends and fits properly according to your head. They are comfortable, even if you have a small head. Usually, the metal frames make a bit of noise if taped or brushed, but a pair of rubber dampers reduces the reverberation.
Comfort
Speaking of comfort, the Cloud Revolver S is an extremely comfortable headset and can be worn for long gaming sessions. Thanks to the lightweight design, you won't even feel the weight of the headset. The big faux-leather ear cups and the soft suspension headband adjust without the users having to perform manual tinkering. Also, the ear cups pivot a few degrees in each direction to offer a better fit.
The company claims that the Revolver S features an upgraded headband that distributes the pressure evenly. This could be the reason the new version offers better comfort compared to the previous version.
Even the size is better this time around, thanks to its larger case that makes it easier to sport. Controls are also larger and easier to operate. The control bar has a mic-mute button and Dolby toggle.
Performance
The most noticeable alteration from the original Revolver to the new version is the incorporation of Dolby 7.1 surround sound, which can be fired up with the push of a button. You don't need an additional software to activate the surround sound. Although, the new headset is good overall, but we aren't convinced by the fact that the surround mode is a major enhancement.
We used it while playing games like GTA V, Crysis 3, and NFS Payback, and faced no issues making out the flurry of bullets, explosions, vehicles. Activating the surround sound made the experience richer as it made the surroundings sound more realsitic and louder. But at times we felt that switching to standard mode would be a better option.
While the surround-sound performance of the headset turned out pretty underwhelming, the bass boost mode offered some extra punch. After using the Revolver S for a dozen games, we think that the surround sound was only useful at certain places, but definitely not all of them.
Overall the headset churned out very balanced audio output. We never felt the sound was distorting or emphasizing on one particular area. We enjoyed crisp and clear audio throughout our time with the headset.
But there's isn't any software that lets you make custom EQs for particular applications, which might be a setback for some. In my case, I didn't really need any of that. They were right on the top of the game, straight out-of-the-box.
Verdict
In our opinion, the HyperX Cloud Revolver S is a brilliant headset that ticks all the boxes for an ideal gaming accessory. The 7.1 surround sound manages to create an immersive environment while playing music, movies or games. You get a perfect balance of bass and treble in the audio, which is an uttermost important aspect for a gaming headset.
Apart from its audio capabilities, the built of the Revolver S is something you would like to flaunt in public. Metal, rubberized plastic, faux leather and memory foam together make for a stylish and comfortable headset. Talking of comfort, the headset is apt for long, rigorous gaming sessions.
Sure, the price of the Revolver S is higher compared to other headsets available in the market, but if you consider the whole package, it is worth the price you pay. We would definitely recommend this headset to someone looking for the ultimate gaming headset. But if you're are willing to shell out the sum, you'll find other gaming headsets with lower functionality at a much lower cost.
An animal rights organization is calling for withholding of federal funds and the firing of a research administrator at the University of Kansas Medical Group, alleging abuse of research animals.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that Stop Animal Exploitation Now says the abuse at the KU Medical Center in Kansas City, Kansas, included a mouse being set on fire. Medical Center spokeswoman Natalie Lutz says the center is committed to ethical and responsible academic research involving animals and maintains a stringent oversight process.
The animal rights group says that from May 2015 to March 2017, dozens of animals died at the center. The group alleges that abuse involved rabbits, rats, mice and a gerbil.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
TORONTO — A Toronto writer's tweet relating her sexual harassment at the hands of an employer has sparked an online outpouring of similar stories, a discussion she says is the first step in tackling a culture in which such abuses are pervasive.
Anne T. Donahue put out a call for such stories on Twitter in light of sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which were published Thursday in The New York Times. Among them are accusations that he sexually harassed actresses, including Ashley Judd, and former employees.
Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a "vendetta" against him. The Times has said it is confident in the accuracy of its reporting.
"Reading that Harvey Weinstein piece, it was familiar and exhausting in that I think many of us have come to recognize patterns of abuse of power, whether in our own lives or in the lives of friends and family or even in government," Donahue said.
Donahue, a culture writer, said she decided to share her story — she was a 17-year-old co-op student at a radio station when her boss insisted on massaging her shoulders — in case it could reassure even one other person who went through something similar that they weren't to blame.
Over roughly 24 hours, her tweet was shared close to 2,500 times and drew almost as many online responses, many of them from others disclosing their own experiences of sexual harassment.
Some mentioned incidents dating back to high school or earlier, others described being cornered by coworkers or bosses. Not all the stories were from women.
Donahue, 32, said she wasn't surprised by the volume of replies, but rather by their sincerity. Though there were a few dissidents, the tone was overwhelmingly supportive, she said.
Having men talk about the harassment they have endured was also important, she said, noting that sexual violence affects all genders.
"This was sincere, firsthand experiences and it immediately created a space in which people began to feel comfortable sharing," she said.
Since we already pretty much knew that The Voice was heading for a Chloe Kohanski/Addison Agen showdown in next week's finals, there was nothing to do during Monday's performances by Season 13's Top 8 but sit back, chillax and enjoy. With last week's elimination of Ashland Craft and Shi'Ann Jones, the likelihood of a sonic train wreck was greatly reduced. And the remaining singers were ordinarily all, even on an off night, decent. Which of them stood out, though, solidifying for themselves a place alongside Chloe and Addison in the finals? Read on; we'll discuss.
Adam Cunningham (Team Adam), “I'm Already There” — Grade: B+ | When Adam walked into rehearsal, his coach called him “the country artist that will not go away.” But what really had to be music to AC's ears was the news that, from there on out, he could choose his own songs. So far, so good. Despite what I took to be sound-mixing glitches, the Lonestar heart-tugger gave Adam a chance to deliver some fine, soaring vocals and recast himself as a storyteller (a la Red Marlow). In the end, yeah, I felt as he hoped we all would — a bit “punched in the feels.”
Chloe Kohanski (Team Blake) and Noah Mac (Team Jennifer), “Wicked Game” — Grades: B (Chloe), B+ (Noah) | “This should be hot,” I thought aloud when Carson Daly announced that these two would be covering the sexy Chris Isaak single. And it almost was. The lightly disco-fied redo suited Noah's voice to a T, but Chloe sounded like she was sorta singing a different song — like they hadn't agreed on their vocal approach. The result wasn't dreadful, but it wasn't great or memorable, either. (I actually liked their Target Christmas number a lot better.)
Davon Fleming (Team Jennifer), “Gravity” — Grade: A | It didn't seem on paper like the wisest decision for Davon to be doing a song as tame as this John Mayer ballad in the semifinals (especially after having to sing for a save last week). On stage, however… da-amn! Davon started off singing softly, silkily, and built to notes so big and powerful they had to have challenged the structural integrity of the auditorium. Moreover, he wasn't just singing the song, he was to the marrow feeling it. JHud would have thrown a shoe, she said, had she not been too entranced to move. Methinks Davon earned himself a ticket to the finals.
Red Marlow (Team Blake), “Go Rest High On That Mountain” — Grade: A | In rehearsals, Blake called the Vince Gill classic “a tall order.” But the toughest part for Red, the contestant suggested, was gonna be not getting misty-eyed on stage. In the moment of truth, he kept the tears in his vocal, an earnest thing of beauty (buoyed by a couple of terrific backing vocalists on the harmonies). So good, so polished that I suspected he'd just eliminated Adam Cunningham's chance of reaching the finals.
Brooke Simpson (Team Miley) and Davon Fleming (Team Jennifer), “Earned It” — Grades: C+ (Brooke), C+ (Davon) | Call this duet Fifty Shades of OK. Neither Brooke nor Davon sounded atrocious, per se, but for most of their Weeknd cover, it didn't seem like the song played to their strengths. (And shouldn't a duet work amazingly well for at least one of the people singing it?) When finally the pair got to really cut loose and wail at the end, the number came alive, but by then I was looking forward to hearing their Christmas jingle instead as we cut to commercial.
Keisha Renee (Team Blake), “What Hurts the Most” — Grade: A | After getting a pep-talk phone call from Rascal Flatts, Keisha took to the stage and delivered what might have been my favorite performance of hers ever. I couldn't tell you if her rendition was country, soul or that hybrid genre that she wants to make her own, but whatever it was, it worked beautifully for her. The massive vocals that I've so often thought she could stand to dial back a notch… they fit fantastically here. Country purists might disagree, but for my money, this was spot on.
Red Marlow (Team Blake) and Adam Cunningham (Team Adam), “Can't You See” — Grades: A (Red), A- (Adam) | I have nothing against this golden oldie by the Marshall Tucker Band, but before the country boys performed it, I wondered if it was going to be anything more than fun. It didn't seem to invite the kind of harmonizing I suspected they'd do amazingly. On stage, they almost immediately proved me wrong. (Maybe they should start a band, as they joked.) They sounded as at-home as a coupla pigs in a sty and played off one another like they'd been doing it all their lives.
Chloe Kohanski (Team Blake), “I Want to Know What Love Is” — Grade: B | The bar for this Foreigner classic was set pretty high by Hunter Plake's Season 12 version (which mercifully held the cheese). But Chloe came to rehearsal with a cool idea to combine a “Landslide” moment with a “Total Eclipse of the Heart” moment. The result? A rendition that was at turns as intimate as a whisper and powerful enough to rattle the cheap seats. Blake insisted that she'd just demonstrated the most iconic voice that they'd ever had on the show. I — and, I bet, any other Chris Blue fans out there — would beg to differ. (And unlike Chloe, he never sounded like he'd lost his voice entirely mid-song.)
Addison Agen (Team Adam) and Keisha Renee (Team Blake), “Strong Enough” — Grades: A (Addison), B (Keisha) | Hmm… this wasn't so much a duet as it was two versions of the Sheryl Crow song thrown up on one stage at the same time; it really never felt like Addison and Keisha were singing “together.” The spare arrangement worked better for Addison than Keisha, who here might have been wise to — yeah, I'm going back to that broken record again — tone down her vocals a little. But it wasn't unpleasant, just not a well-synchronized matchup.
Noah Mac (Team Jennifer), “River” — Grade: A+ | If Noah nailed this slice of badass alt-rock from Bishop Briggs, his place in the finals would be absolutely secure. It's the kinda banger that, when done right, leaves a listener with chills. On stage, he brought to life what he called the modern-day “Eye of the Tiger” with a passion that was contagious. And that growl! Yeah, chillsville. By the time he'd rocked his way to a drum to bang out a few beats, I was starting to thinking maybe Season 13 wasn't necessarily going to end up with an Addison-vs.-Chloe showdown after all.
Addison Agen (Team Adam), “Both Sides Now” — Grade: A+ | After Addison's superlative rendition of “A Case of You,” we all knew how this was going to go. Two words: freakin' gorgeously. I scarcely know what else to say. I've never heard anyone sing Joni Mitchell that beautifully but Joni Mitchell. And, even when Addison's all dolled up, as she was for this performance, there's not a trace of artifice to her. She's just a girl standing in front of an audience asking us to listen. What can we do in response but say “yes” and, once we've heard her, “thank you.” She may not win Season 13 — I can only hope — but she's definitely emerged as my favorite. She's just a step beyond.
Brooke Simpson (Team Miley), “Faithfully” — Grade: A- | Unless Brooke and Miley were going to significantly rearrange the Journey hit, the performance ran the great risk of coming off karaoke. Aaand… they took the risk, sending Brooke on stage with a version that was fairly true to the original. But here's the thing: That voice of hers is so nuanced and emotional that, even though her cover didn't break a lot of new ground, it lifted the performance at least 20 steps above karaoke. And that mammoth ending? That's how you stop a show.
So, who did you think gave the best performance of the night? Which was your favorite duet? Vote in the polls below, then hit the comments.
STORRS, Conn. (WTNH) — It was a meeting of two Connecticut powerhouses in the NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament on Monday night.
The Quinnipiac Bobcats traveled up the road to Storrs to take on the undefeated UConn Huskies in the tournament's second round.
The Huskies mounted a relentless full court press from the opening minutes to try to stifle a Bobcat offense led by Jen Fay, Aryn McClure and Carly Fabbri.
Behind the hot shooting of Napheesa Collier and Kia Nurse, UConn jumped out to a 33-18 lead at the half.
The offense kept on clicking for the Huskies, who were able to out-shoot the Bobcats in both the third and fourth quarters.
UConn would go on to win by a final score of 71-46.
For Quinnipiac, Monday's loss marks the end of a Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference title-winning season. This was the second consecutive appearance for the Bobcats in the NCAA tournament.
UConn will now go on to play either Duke or Georgia.
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
READ MORE: Legal marijuana won't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
March 19 (UPI) -- Justin Timberlake showed off his sharpshooting prowess recently, making some long-range shots at the Washington Wizards' practice facility.
He posted the videos to his Instagram account on Sunday.
The first shot he filmed was from half court. The entertainer ran up to the logo and threw up a Hail Mary, which swished through the net. The video then cut to Timberlake standing straightaway behind the 3-point line. He stepped into two consecutive shots and drained them both.
"That's a nice practice court @jtimberlake," the Wizards tweeted.
The former 'N Sync frontman preformed his solo act for The Man of the Woods tour Sunday at Capital One Arena in Washington, D.C.
But this isn't the first time Timberlake has shown off his range. He has participated in numerous celebrity all-star games and displayed his shooting touch last year at Staples Center.
"Still got that range," he wrote on social media last year. Timerlake posted a video of himself draining consecutive half court shots on the Los Angeles Lakers' home floor in that video.
Timberlake holds a minority stake in the Memphis Grizzlies. He was deeply involved in the Grizzlies' 2016 recruiting pitch to keep point guard Mike Conley on the squad. Timberlake helped the franchise craft a video, saluting the All-Star with a symphony orchestra, and asking him to stay with the team in free agency. Conley later signed a max contract to remain with the Grizzlies.
The Wizards were at home Saturday, beating the Indiana Pacers 109-102. Washington battles the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday at the AT&T Center in San Antonio.
Snapchat, Instagram, WhatsApp and Facebook all have stories now, the trend that started with Snapchat has spread and is present everywhere now. The feature is also present in Messenger and is called “My Day.”
The feature used to be called Messenger Day until Facebook rebranded it in the November of 2017. The story, like most other stories, disappear after 24 hours as they aren't permanent. The narratives in Messenger can have photos, videos, and text added to them. The story can be anything from the funniest few seconds of your day to an event that managed to make you happy. Making a story for Facebook is quite easy as well, all you have to do is the following steps:
1) Open the Messenger app.
2) Tap on the home icon.
3) On the top left, you will find an option called Add to your story.
4) After making your photo, video or text, tap on the arrow at the bottom right.
5) Tap next to Your Story in order to add it to your story.
6) You also have the option of sending it to specific people in the form of a message. You can then tap on Send.
To delete a story, you need to go to the home screen, and then click on your story at the top, after that, click on the three dots icon on the bottom right. Then proceed to tap on delete.
While posting a story in all of the platforms might not be something you want to do as you might be friends with folks you do not want to be in touch with. Messenger's My Day feature lets you do a lot more when it comes to sharing photos and videos. A recent change that has been made by Facebook for the Messenger app is that the videos and photos that you take will have My Day provided as a possible location on which you can share it on. You can uncheck the box that pops up after you have made your photo or video in case you do not want to share it as a Day story. But if you happen to be looking for a solution that is more long-term, following the below steps is all that you need to do.
Hiding Messenger Stories from everyone
While there isn't an option that directly allows you to hide your stories on Facebook, following these steps that are given below will make sure that your Messenger Stories are not visible to anyone who is on Facebook.
1) Tap on the profile icon that is available on the top-right corner in Messenger
2) Scroll down and tap on the option called 'Story'
3) Click on the option called Custom
4) And then tap on Change
5) The Messenger will now display your contact list.
6) Make sure that you do not select any of the contacts here.
7) Click on the back button
8) A box will now pop with 'Warning' written on top with a message saying 'Nobody will be able to see your Day,' from the two options that have been given to you, select OK.
BALTIMORE (AP) - A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer who was crushed by a stolen Jeep on a suburban cul-de-sac, authorities announced Wednesday.
In a statement, the Baltimore County State's Attorney's office said the grand jury indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died May 21 while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle in the suburb of Perry Hall. Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running her down in the stolen car as she tried to apprehend him.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary in a nearby home when Caprio was run down on the street.
Under the state's felony murder law, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can also be prosecuted in the slaying. All four teenagers involved are now charged as adults and being held in an adult lockup.
Prosecutors allege Caprio's body camera recorded Harris accelerating the Jeep at the officer as she tried to apprehend him.
A defense lawyer for Harris, J. Wyndal Gordon, has argued that the state agency tasked with managing and treating youngsters like his client clearly dropped the ball.
"They let Amy Caprio down," Gordon said recently.
In the days following the policewoman's killing, some authorities in Maryland blamed each other for having put Harris on home arrest while he awaited sentencing for auto theft.
Hey all you #Charleston #beer lovers–our long time friend Adam Goodwin (owner and brewmaster) just opened #CharlesTowneFermentory in Avondale. Go check it out and get some amazing beer! We hope to have these guys on tap ASAP! @chsfermentory A photo posted by 167 Raw (@167_raw) on Dec 23, 2016 at 8:26am PST
"What the fuck is that?" was the reaction CP Music Editor Kelly Rae Smith had last week when she cruised past Avondale's newest addition. "I'm driving past and I see all these people chugging beers in the old Junk & Jive," Smith says. Come to find out the vision wasn't a holiday hangover mirage, but rather the likes of Charles Towne Fermentory , the city's latest brewery.The Fermentory officially opened on Dec. 17 and has since been pouring out the pints — "big ones too" says Smith, in her case for $3 a pop — in its big warehouse-like space.Adam Goodwin is the head brewer and right now the Fermentory has five beers on tap. There aren't any on-site food options yet, but we're told they're working on that. In the meantime, check out the new spot Tues.-Thurs. from 4-11 p.m., Fri. and Sat. from 2-12 p.m., and Sun. from 2-10 p.m.
In more ways than one, South Carolina's fall gubernatorial election will hinge on age. Republican Gov. Henry McMaster, who nabbed a primary runoff victory in an election much closer than expected, is 71. His Democratic opponent, longtime state Rep. James Smith of Columbia, is a generation younger at age 50.
In the months ahead, expect to hear both talking about experienced leadership, but in different ways.
McMaster will focus on South Carolina's general successes and how it's smart to keep the state's coach when the state has low unemployment. Smith, who will benefit from the bruising done to McMaster by four GOP primary opponents, will question whether the state as a whole is really doing as well for everyone. He'll likely make a case that it is time to change the coach to try new solutions, not keep someone who has been fighting the same ideological battles for decades.
"It's in McMaster's best interest to get James to focus on individual issues," observed former Democratic state Sen. Phil Leventis of Sumter. "It's in James' best interest to try to focus on basically the almost two-decade rule of [Mark] Sanford, [Nikki] Haley and now McMaster that resulted in no measurable progress for the vast majority of people in South Carolina."
Leventis said it is easy for the incumbent to point to job-laden successes like Boeing and Volvo during the campaign.
"Those are great — we're happy to have them — but those are the exceptions, not the norms," Leventis noted, adding Republican leadership had not effectively dealt with the state's huge challenges in education, health care, and poverty.
Another observer suggested Smith would try to appeal to younger and independent voters by focusing on a new generation of ethical leadership with experience to get things done by working across the aisle — and without getting as hung up on old-timey ideology.
But the election could boil down to something much simpler than age depending on what's happening nationally. It could become a referendum on President Donald Trump. If Trump, the most Teflon of presidents, weathers continuing scandals like a duck repels water, then McMaster's ongoing reminders of his close ties to the president might pay off. But if Trump starts sinking under the weight of a special counsel's enduring probe into Russian fiddling with the 2016 elections, McMaster's ties to the president could turn sour at the polls.
"There was no policy discussion of any legitimacy in the Republican primary," said GOP observer Chip Felkel of Greenville, who thought the linchpin for the eventual winner rested with Trump's fate. "It was all about kissing his ring. The Democrats seemed to be more interested in policy. "
Felkel also said Trump's tariffs on foreign goods could come home to roost by hurting South Carolina jobs.
"Trump's policies are eventually going to affect South Carolina employment numbers when it comes to tariffs and the automotive and airline industries. I know Henry is Trump's guy, but how is that helping South Carolina?"
Three other issues may drive voters in November:
Energy. McMaster and Smith agree a just-passed legislative rate cut for SCE&G ratepayers wasn't enough because it continues to subsidize the failed V.C. Summer nuclear project. Smith may be able to capitalize on the issue by saying McMaster was part of the leadership that led to the debacle. Although Smith was a member of the legislature then, he was serving in the military in Afghanistan when the enabling legislation passed that caused the mess.
Corruption. A whiff of ongoing scandal still scents Columbia's air. McMaster got beaten up in opponents' ads in the primary that tied him to a campaign consultant he used for years who got caught in the investigation. This story line could validate Smith's assertion that ethical leadership is needed and might appeal to anyone tired of good old boys in Columbia.
Health care. During the primary, Smith telegraphed that a big campaign theme would be access to affordable health care — something that eludes thousands of South Carolinians, in part, because the state's GOP leaders refused to accept billions of dollars in federal money to expand Medicaid services. Recent ideological GOP attacks on abortion providers also could backfire.
49ers' trade for Steve Young: a tale of intrigue, succession and tampering
Photo: Lou Dematteis / Reuters 2005 Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 The 49ers' trade for Steve Young will go down as one of the most lopsided in NFL history. Coach Bill Walsh, left, and the front office sent second- and fourth-round picks (and $1 million) to Tampa Bay and in return got a player who in 2005 was inducted into the Hall of Fame. less The 49ers' trade for Steve Young will go down as one of the most lopsided in NFL history. Coach Bill Walsh, left, and the front office sent second- and fourth-round picks (and $1 million) to Tampa Bay and in ... more Photo: Lou Dematteis / Reuters 2005 Image 2 of 5 CHICAGO, IL - CIRCA 1980's: Quarterback Steve Young #8 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers drops back to pass against the Chicago Bears during a mid circa 1980's NFL football game at Soldiers Field in Chicago, Illinois. Young played for the Buccaneers from 1985-86. (Photo by Focus on Sport/Getty Images) less CHICAGO, IL - CIRCA 1980's: Quarterback Steve Young #8 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers drops back to pass against the Chicago Bears during a mid circa 1980's NFL football game at Soldiers Field in Chicago, ... more Photo: Getty Images Image 3 of 5 Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Hugh Culverhouse was a big fan of Steve Young's, but every man has his price. In Culverhouse's case, it was $1 million. Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Hugh Culverhouse was a big fan of Steve Young's, but every man has his price. In Culverhouse's case, it was $1 million. Photo: Chris O'Meara / Associated Press 1991 Image 4 of 5 Steve Young, left, was the new kid in town when the 49ers gathered for training camp in 1987. Over the next four seasons, he made only 10 starts for the 49ers as Joe Montana, right, led the team to its third and fourth Super Bowl wins. less Steve Young, left, was the new kid in town when the 49ers gathered for training camp in 1987. Over the next four seasons, he made only 10 starts for the 49ers as Joe Montana, right, led the team to its third ... more Photo: Steve Ringman / The Chronicle 1987 Image 5 of 5 Former 49ers owner Eddie DeBartolo Jr., right, would become upset whenever anyone would mention the possibility of trading or replacing quarterback Joe Montana. Former 49ers owner Eddie DeBartolo Jr., right, would become upset whenever anyone would mention the possibility of trading or replacing quarterback Joe Montana. Photo: Associated Press 1985 49ers' trade for Steve Young: a tale of intrigue, succession and tampering 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Buccaneers head coach Ray Perkins wasn't a big fan of Steve Young.
Fortunately for the 49ers, Tampa Bay owner Hugh Culverhouse felt far differently.
Thirty-one years ago Tuesday — April 24, 1987 — the 49ers traded a second-round pick, a fourth-round pick and $1 million to the Buccaneers for Young, who rewarded them with a Hall-of-Fame career.
The trade, one of the great steals in NFL history, was set up by Culverhouse's affection for Young. And it set up the 49ers for uninterrupted success in the post-Joe Montana era. Young won two MVP awards and earned a Super Bowl MVP when the 49ers claimed their fifth — and, to date, last — title in 1995.
Bill Walsh provided the impetus for the Young trade. But then-general manager John McVay has noted that others have attached themselves to the transaction.
“There are no shortage of people,” McVay said, “who take credit for doing the deal.”
There is nothing special about a 31-year anniversary, but the deal for Young, which was completed four days before the 1987 draft, has echoes for the 49ers before this year's draft.
Six months ago, the 49ers dealt a second-round pick to the Patriots for Jimmy Garoppolo, who is the first star-quality quarterback the franchise has acquired in a trade since landing Young.
From the 49ers' perspective, the other common thread that links each heist, both of which netted 25-year-old QBs, is good fortune. Why did the Patriots only request a second-rounder in return for the highly regarded Garoppolo? And why were they seemingly intent on sending him to the 49ers?
“There might just as much intrigue when it all comes out, what finally happened to force that trade, as there was with my trade,” Young said. “The real intrigue to me is: Why the 49ers? Why did (Patriots coach) Bill Belichick call them first: ‘Hey, a second-rounder, yes or no?' There's the intrigue.”
The answers are still mostly unknown. However, ESPN has reported Belichick's respect for Mike Shanahan, the father of 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan and one of Young's mentors with the 49ers, was a factor in Garoppolo landing in the Bay Area.
If so, the trades also share this in common: A personal relationship allowed the 49ers to pull off a rare NFL feat — trading for a franchise quarterback without surrendering a first-round pick.
In 1987, it was the 49ers' good fortune that there was a strong connection between Young and Culverhouse, who died at 75 in 1994.
“If I didn't have a relationship with Mr. Culverhouse,” said Young, “I was a St. Louis Cardinal.”
In early 1987, Young had just finished a forgettable second year with the Buccaneers, a woeful franchise that went 2-14 in each season.
Young was 3-16 as a starter and had thrown 11 touchdowns and 21 interceptions in Tampa Bay.
Still, Culverhouse believed in Young, who was a standout at BYU and the USFL before signing with the Buccaneers after the upstart league folded. Not long after the 1986 season, Culverhouse took Young to dinner and pledged to upgrade the rag-tag roster around him.
“He told me ‘I want a guy like you to be my quarterback and you're my quarterback for life,'” Young said. “I remember him saying that: ‘You're my quarterback for life.' And then he hired Ray. And I don't think Ray liked that.”
Indeed, Perkins didn't want Young to be his quarterback for 1987 (“A scrambling, lefty wasn't his cup of tea,” Young says). And he quickly determined his new team would use its No. 1 overall pick on Miami's Vinny Testaverde - a non-scrambling righty - in the draft.
The result: Young, in Park City, Utah, received a curt phone call from Perkins that blindsided him. He was going to be traded to another NFL laughingstock in a deal that would include a first-round pick.
“(Perkins) said ‘Hey, I just wanted you to know you've been traded to the St. Louis Cardinals. Good luck to you,'” Young said. “And I'm like ‘What?' So I hung up and immediately called Mr. Culverhouse.”
Culverhouse apologetically explained he was forced to support his just-hired coach and their conversation led to an agreement: The trade with the Cardinals, who were coming off a four-win season, wouldn't be finalized and Young would have time to figure out a team that appealed to him.
Young and his agent, Leigh Steinberg, sorted through options and the process led Steinberg to put in his first and only call about a trade to the 49ers and Walsh, who was shocked Young was available.
Photo: Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle 1999 Bill Walsh immediately liked what he saw in Steve Young, but later...
Walsh was also concerned about his incumbent QB. Montana, then two months away from turning 31, was coming off a season in which he underwent back surgery to repair a ruptured spinal disc that had threatened his career. Montana improbably returned from the procedure during the regular season, but his painful year ended with a severe concussion that hospitalized him in 49-3 playoff loss to the Giants.
“Bill was very concerned that Joe's longevity had been severely compromised,” then-president Carmen Policy said. “Bill had the philosophy that the moment a player started showing any kind of vulnerability you have to start putting the timer on as far as when he should be moved out. And I think Bill came to the conclusion that, yes, Joe was great, but Steve was the total package and he saw him as the real potential moving forward.”
However, there were plenty of hurdles to clear before a trade could be consummated.
First, Walsh had to sell the trade to owner Eddie DeBartolo, who adored Montana and would become hysterical if he thought he was being pushed aside. And Walsh had to simultaneously convince Young that Montana's growing medical file gave him a legitimate chance to start in 1987.
Finally, Walsh hoped to convince Tampa Bay, which was demanding a first-round pick for Young, to accept a lesser trade package.
That last issue was the sticking point. Trade discussions stalled because Tampa Bay wasn't budging. During the stalemate, Policy says he thinks Walsh mentioned including cash in the trade.
“It was Bill's idea,” Policy said, laughing “and Eddie's money.”
Photo: Paul Kuroda / Special To The Chronicle 2017 Then-team president Carmen Policy saw no reason why Bill Walsh and...
And it worked. Culverhouse, who was known for caring more about profits than playoff appearances and had to pay a new head coach and quarterback, jumped at the chance to get $1 million.
The only problem: The 49ers weren't clear if including cash in an NFL trade was allowed. Policy researched the issue and didn't see anything in the bylaws to stop it. However, he counseled DeBartolo and Walsh to not ask the league for permission, just in case it raised eyebrows. Even if there was resistance, they felt confident it would go through because Culverhouse was an influential owner who was chairman of the NFL Finance Committee. And Culverhouse was determined to grant Young's wish to play with the 49ers — and collect $1 million.
“I told them that (the NFL) has no legitimate legal reason to stop it and they're not going to mess with Culverhouse,” Policy said. “They didn't accept it right away, but they finally granted it. And, from that point forward, they banned cash as partial compensation for a trade.”
The cash payment didn't break any existing league rules, but Walsh later admitted he broke a rule before the trade.
A day after first speaking with Steinberg, Walsh went to Provo to work out Young, who was still under contract with Tampa Bay. The workout was done with the permission of Culverhouse, who, again, was eager to accommodate Young, but Walsh told The Chronicle in 2005 the session “obviously, to this day, is tampering.”
At the time, however, it convinced Walsh that Young would be a worthy successor to Montana.
Said Young: “Once Bill said ‘Look I want this to happen. We need it. This is perfect. I mean, what am I — an idiot? No way. I was all for it.”
After two seasons in Tampa Bay, Young was so thrilled to be part of a marquee NFL franchise led by a revolutionary offensive coach that he momentarily ditched his good manners. Young couldn't resist taking a dig at the head coach who expected to get a first-round pick for the scrambling southpaw he didn't want.
“I had call Leigh call Perkins and tell him ‘The trade has gone through and you got a second rounder,'” Young said. “And Ray Perkins … I imagine he was pretty upset.”
It wasn't long before Young was upset. During his first offseason practice with the 49ers, he got the first inkling of his future, which included four seasons toiling as the ageless Montana's backup. The first time Young saw him on the practice field, Montana was running and throwing like, well, Joe Montana.
“I was like ‘Oh, boy,'” Young said. “I turned to Bill and said ‘He doesn't look real hurt.' And Bill kind of shrugged his shoulders.”
For six seasons, the 49ers had both Montana and Young, a situation that Policy notes would be untenable in today's salary cap era. In fact, the salaries the Patriots would have to pay in 2018 to keep both Tom Brady and Garoppolo, prompted them to deal Garoppolo to the 49ers.
As with DeBartolo and Montana, Patriots owner Robert Kraft has a close friendship with Brady, 40, meaning Brady wasn't leaving New England.
“Can you imagine Belichick saying ‘Well it's time for us to plan to move Brady out?'” Policy said. “And Kraft saying, ‘Um, what did you say coach?'”
So 49ers fans can thank Kraft for indirectly gifting the 49ers with a gifted quarterback.
Just like they can thank another owner, Culverhouse, for ensuring the 49ers - not the Cardinals - received a Hall-of-Fame quarterback 31 years ago.
Eric Branch is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: ebranch@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Eric_Branch
A steal of a deal
49ers received: QB Steve Young
Buccaneers received: No. 50 draft pick (LB Winston Moss), No. 106 draft pick (WR Bruce Hill) and $1 million
Not all QB trades work
The trade for Steve Young (1987) was a coup for the 49ers and the deal for Jimmy Garoppolo (2017) has great potential. But the outcomes of those transactions are the exceptions in a series of otherwise meaningless moves:
2014: Received Blaine Gabbert from Jaguars for sixth-round pick
2013: Received Colt McCoy and sixth-round pick from Browns for fifth- and seventh-round picks
2006: Received Trent Dilfer from Browns for QB Ken Dorsey and seventh-round pick
2002: Received Cade McNown from Dolphins for conditional seventh-round pick
Posted 1 hour ago
Former Chief Registrar of the Judiciary Gladys Boss Shollei, has today announced her intentions of contesting for the Uasin Gishu county woman
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The search for missing Corrie McKeauge is over at Milton Landfill site after officials examined more than 8,800 tonnes of rubbish.
No trace of Corrie was found during the latest landfill search or the original search.
The extended search of 2,867.5 tonnes of rubbish began in October, four months after police originally concluded the investigation.
(Image: David Johnson)
Suffolk Police have now said they are 'content' Corrie is not in the landfill areas that have been searched.
They are not closing the investigation as they have 'other theories'.
Detective Superintendent Katie Elliott said: "We are still committed to continuing with the inquiry.
"There are a number of other theories about what could have happened to Corrie and we are continuing to test the evidence to help us understand what happened to Corrie, which will assist in providing answers to his family.
"We feel it is important to explain to the family what we are doing, so they have the opportunity to understand and question what we have done, and why we have done it.
"We are acutely aware of the immense strain the last 15 months has placed upon Corrie's loved ones. We want them to be confident we are doing everything that it is practical for us to do as we strive to find Corrie.”
The RAF serviceman went missing after a night out in Bury St Edmunds on September 24, 2016.
Corrie was last seen on CCTV entering a loading bay in the 'horseshoe' area and speculation started suggesting he may have ended up in a bin lorry.
CCTV in Bury St Edmunds town centre has already been viewed up to 4pm on September 24, 2016, and Corrie has not been seen to leave.
A spokesperson for Suffolk Constabulary said: "We will continue to scrutinise the other theories in order to try to establish and understand what may have happened to Corrie.
The spokesman added: "Suffolk Constabulary would like to thank FCC Environment, owner of the Milton landfill site, for its support and co-operation during the inquiry."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
While one's home oral hygiene routine provides defence against tooth decay and gum disease, regular professional care from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is also a necessity.
[LONDON, 4/7/2018] – A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can provide the full range of oral health care. Cosmetic dentistry, urgent repairs and restorations, and regular preventive treatments are all on offer from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist.
Different kinds of treatment
The twice-yearly visit to the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is a crucial part of good oral health. When gum disease and tooth decay begin to take hold, the early signs are too discreet for the patient to notice at home. The skill and experience of a Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist means they can intervene with treatment before disease causes unnecessary harm. The Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can also advise the patient on how to adjust their tooth brushing regime to maximise its effectiveness.
Aesthetic reasons often cause people to visit the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist. Chipped teeth and tooth discolouration are common occurrences that can negatively affect the way a person feels about their appearance. Treatment for these conditions is speedy and effective.
The teeth whitening process turns a funny-looking smile into one that's fresh and bright. Patients can select the particular shade of white they want for their smile, and the straightforward procedure leaves them with a fresh-feeling mouth.
Improvements
When a person has one or more teeth missing in London, they can have legitimate oral health concerns as well as cosmetic dissatisfaction. Gaps in the smile are usually not pleasant to look at. A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist has a range of tooth replacement methods including bridges and dentures. Dental implants are joined with the patient's jawbone to provide properly anchored replacement teeth that do their jobs with natural stability.
Looking ahead
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can enhance the alignment of a patient's teeth to improve their effectiveness as well as their appearance. Modern-day braces and aligners are designed to be nearly invisible, so the patient avoids the social discomfort associated with traditional metal braces.
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist aims to improve a person's overall health by professionally caring for their teeth and gums.
Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait replaced its oil and finance ministers in a cabinet reshuffle on Monday, state news agency KUNA reported.
Bakhit al-Rashidi was appointed the new oil minister of the OPEC member state and Nayef Falah al-Hajraf was named the new finance minister, KUNA said citing a royal decree.
Sheikh Nasser Sabah Al-Ahmad, son of the ruling Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, was appointed the new minister of defence.
The previous cabinet resigned on Oct. 30 when its information minister was questioned by parliament and faced a no-confidence vote over violations of budgetary and legislative rules. Mohammed Nasser Al-Jabri was named the new minister.
The major oil producer has the oldest legislature among the Gulf Arab states and experiences frequent cabinet reshuffles. The previous government was formed in February. (Writing By Noah Browning; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)
A day after the SPCA of Western Quebec burned to the ground in a devastating fire, fundraising efforts have begun to help rebuild the animal shelter.
The Fire Fundraiser for Furry Friends will be held Sunday, July 8, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in Carleton Place. A facebook page dedicated to the effort says organizers are “welcoming the entire Ottawa pet community for a SUNDAY FUNDAY FUNdraiser at our Carleton Place Waterfront Location, South Shore Landing Inc. to SUPport the SPCA in Quebec who had a devastating fire on Monday night.”
A GoFundMe campaign has also been created to help rebuild Aylmer's SPCA animal shelter that was destroyed by fire on Monday night, causing almost $600,000 in damage and killing several animals.
The fire occurred just before 11 p.m. when people driving in the area saw flames shooting from the building at 659 rue Auguste Mondoux, near the intersection of chemin Pink and chemin Vanier.
Gatineau fire crews braved the intense heat and managed to rescue 12 dogs. By 3:45 a.m. the blaze was under control, but the two-storey structure was destroyed and an unknown number of animals perished.
Given the SPCA is a non-profit organization — and receives no government or public funding, relying on adoption fees and donations only — a GoFundMe campaign has been created.
The campaign administrator, Samantha Rock, set a $100,000 goal. Over 24 hours $3,255 had been raised by 73 donors.
“As an animal lover myself I started this campaign in hopes to raise money so we can rebuild this SPCA,” said Rock in a statement on the GoFundMe page. “100 per cent of donations will be made to the SPCA of western Quebec.”
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
“I closed out my 10-core iMac Pro Review back in December wondering how an 18-core model would perform, and happily, one finally showed up for testing!” Craig A. Hunter writes for Hunter Research and Technology. “As the two machines are otherwise very similar, refer back to that original review for a general overview of the iMac Pro (and background on my various benchmarks). Here, I am focusing on performance differences between the 10-core and 18-core models, as I suspect most buyers eyeing the 18-core juggernaut will be doing so for performance.”
“This new 18-core test unit has an Intel Xeon W-2195 CPU running at 2.3GHz (Turbo boost up to 4.3GHz) with a single 24.8MB L3 cache, 1MB L2 cache per core, 128GB of 2666MHz DDR4 ECC memory, a 4TB SSD, and an AMD Radeon Pro Vega 64 graphics chipset with 16GB of VRAM,” Hunter writes. “For reference, the 10-core test unit has an Intel Xeon W-2155 CPU running at 3.0GHz (Turbo boost up to 4.5GHz), a single 13.8MB L3 cache, 1MB of L2 cache per core, 128GB of 2666MHz DDR4 ECC memory, a 2TB SSD, and the same AMD Radeon Pro Vega 64 graphics chipset with 16GB of VRAM. For the purposes of my tests, the only notable difference between these two machines is the CPU.”
“In summary, we see performance increases ranging from 27% to 79% for the 18-core iMac Pro when compared to the 10-core model,” Hunter writes. “Based on pricing from Apple's website, it costs $1,600 more to go from a 10-core model to an 18-core model. My 10-core test unit prices out at $9,599, and a comparable 18-core unit would be $11,199, a 17% increase in cost. Those are both lofty prices for sure, but considering the performance increases we've seen here, the upcharge for the 18-core model is a bargain. If you're mainly interested in performance, looking at dollars per GFLOPS is a good way to compare the two machines, and confirms that the 18-core machine is indeed a better deal.”
Much more in the full review – recommended – here.
Asaram rape case: Security hiked up, Section 144 imposed in Jodhpur
Ahead of verdict on Asaram in rape case, security has been hiked up across different places in India. Section 144 is imposed in Jodhpur.
In this amazing book, “Following Baxter,” written by Barbara Kerley (Harper), you will find all different adventures with Jordie, the main character, and her neighbor's dog, Baxter. Baxter is an awesome dog and Professor Reese is so nice, kind, smart and bright. But then something goes wrong!
I love this book so much because of Baxter's magical powers, and you will love all the characters because of their personality. The author made this book so unbelievably great. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Rating: 4.5 smiles out of 5
Amy Brown's fourth-grade class, Cutchogue East Elementary School
Recent news:
Maidens commercial auto losses force a $120mn charge
Dan Ascher 14 February 2017
Bermuda-based reinsurer Maiden, which has a significant quota share with AmTrust, bolstered reserves by around $120mn in the fourth quarter mainly to adjust for commercial auto losses over four years through to 2014.
The charge included a provision to strengthen reserves and cover adverse development that was realised in the final three months of 2016, Maiden said in a statement issued after markets closed today and before it reports fourth quarter results later this month.
The charge "primarily" stems from...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
CLEMSON, S.C. (AP) — Marcquise Reed scored 21 points and Jaron Blossomgame had 17 points and 10 rebounds as Clemson snapped a three-game losing streak with a 95-83 victory over Wake Forest on Tuesday night.
The Tigers (14-11, 4-9 Atlantic Coast Conference) had lost their past two games to Syracuse and No. 12 Duke by a combined three points. This time, Clemson opened a double-digit lead at halftime and, despite a few scary moments for fans at Littlejohn Coliseum, held on to win their fourth straight over the Demon Deacons (15-11, 6-8).
The Tigers saw a 21-point lead shrink to 87-81 when John Collins hit two foul shots, Bryant Crawford poked the ball away from Shelton Mitchell and followed with his third 3-pointer moments later. But Mitchell and Avry Holmes each made two foul shots to extend the Tigers margin.
Collins, Wake's smooth sophomore, finished with a career high 29 points, his ninth straight game with at least 20 points. That's the longest such streak in ACC play since North Carolina State's T.J. Warren accomplished it in 15 consecutive games.
Advertisement
Collins, who made 12 of 14 shots, surpassed his previous best of 27 set against Miami last month. He also had 10 rebounds.
Mitchell and Holmes had 15 points apiece for Clemson, which hit 29 of 57 shots to finish at 50.9 percent from the field — the second time in three games they topped the 50-percent mark.
During yesterday's practice, Jacksonville Jaguars' wide receiver Marqise Lee gave fans a big scare as he was carted off the practice field with what looked to be a serious injury. Fortunately, it appears he'll be fine with what is being diagnosed as a high ankle sprain.
#Jaguars WR Marqise Lee suffered a high-ankle sprain, source said. He'll push hard to be ready for Week 1, but caution could push it back — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 14, 2017
According to NFL.com's Ian Rapoport, Lee is pushing to make the Jaguars regular season opener against the Houston Texans, but his return by then isn't guaranteed.
Though the Jaguars would like to have Lee back, they still have wide receivers Allen Robinson and Allen Hurns atop their depth chart, with Rashad Greene Sr, Dede Westbrook and Arrelious Benn behind them. Undrafted receiver Keelan Cole could also be in the mix depending on how final cuts go.
Lee's injury could've been a lot worse and to prevent further setbacks I doubt the Jags will rush him back if he's not ready. Even if Lee can't make it back by Week 1, they still should have enough weapons in their arsenal, especially considering the Jags will likely centralize their gameplan around Leonard Fournette and the run game.
This upcoming season will be a key one for Lee as he's set to be a free agent in 2018. Prior to his injury, Lee appears to have been the leading candidate to be the Jaguars No. 2 receiver, but Hurns will now take the position back, at least temporarily.
Kim Kardashian to Visit the White House on Wednesday The mother of three was confirmed to be at the White House on Wednesday, though the reason for her visit was not disclosed. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, White House press secretary Recently, Kardashian has been working on getting President Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, a 62-year-old great-grandmother who is serving a life sentence for a nonviolent drug crime. Earlier on Wednesday, Kardashian tweeted about Johnson for her birthday.
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
State Assemblywoman Michaelle C. Solages, state Sen. CarlMarcellino and a bipartisan group of state legislators Monday vowed to fight for publicly funded pre-kindergarten classes for all four-year-olds in Nassau and Suffolk counties.
Speaking at an event sponsored by the Long Island Pre-K Initiative, the lawmakers said a complex state funding formula and competitive grant system has pitted school districts against each other for pre-K dollars. That's resulted in far fewer slots than needed for the 30,000 eligible children in both counties, they said.
“We on Long Island — the mothers, the fathers — want universal pre-K for all of our students,” said Solages, who represents several South Shore communities including Valley Stream, Elmont and Floral Park.
No cost estimates were available, however. As a region, Long Island is getting the least amount of state funding for pre-K students, said Solages and others.
“When people move to Long Island they see all of these beautiful buildings and beautiful homes and they will expect these programs for their 4-year-olds,” she added as she wrangled her own 2 1/2 year old son Nicholas with her behind the podum.
The pre-K initiative is a grant-funded project administered by Nassau BOCES that seeks to share information about research, policy and best practices for early learning.
Advocates say only 7 percent of Long Island 4-year-olds have access to state-funded, full-day pre-K, compared with 100 percent of such students in New York City.
More than 70,000 4-year-olds in the five boroughs of New York City are offered a seat in full-day pre-K program. Those programs are located within district schools, at day care centers and through faith-based organization.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
By comparision, for the 30,000 eligible children, there are 1,321 full-day and 4,846 half-day pre-K seats in Suffolk; 780 full-day and 2,421 half-day seats in Nassau, according to the Long Island Pre-K Initiative.
Currently, universal pre-K exists in only two of the Island's school districts — Middle Country and Brentwood — where there is a seat for each eligible child. The rest of the districts that offer pre-K are based on a lottery system.
Nearly all of Long Island's public pre-K seats are located in “high-needs” districts.
Because some districts have limited space, if universal pre-K was offered on Long Island, it would have to be provided by a combination of school districts and community-based organizations, advocates said.
“We shouldn't be pitting one school district against another just because one district has a better grant writer than the other,” said Marcellino, a retired New York City high school biology teacher. “It's important that these kids get the opportunity to get early childhood education — on a quality basis — and I'm not interested in thie so-called competition.”
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) — Northern California officials say they are seeking suspects involved in violent clashes over the weekend between supporters and detractors of President Donald Trump in downtown Berkeley.
City spokesman Matthai Chakko says officials will seek to arrest and prosecute anyone involved in crimes last Saturday. He says they are evaluating photographs and video of the skirmishes. Among the videos that have drawn attention is one posted online showing a man punching a female protester in the face.
Police on Monday released the names of 23 people arrested during the demonstrations.
Trump supporters announced a “Patriot Day” rally at the park featuring speeches by members of the alt-right, an amorphous fringe movement that promotes racism, anti-Semitism, misogyny and xenophobia.
Advertisement
Counter-demonstrators then announced a rally at the same place.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
Nvidia hosted their fifth version of Gamer Connect 2017 in Hyderabad at Gachibowli Indoor Stadium which witnessed more than 2400 gaming enthusiasts on the first day of the event.
A platform for the Indian gaming community to bond, interact and explore new avenues in gaming, Gamer Connect also gives audiences an opportunity to experience the latest in PC gaming technology. In 2017, Nvidia conducted 4 events in Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Kochi, and Lucknow. This year's latest event was inaugurated by the honorable Telangana IT minister, K. T. Rama Rao in the presence of senior executives from Nvidia and partners such as Dell, LG, Zotac, and HyperX.
The last league of Gamer Connect 2017 saw gaming enthusiasts coming from across Telangana to be a part of the biggest gaming event in the recent time. The event witnessed over 100 demo stations showcasing the latest games including as Call of Duty WW II, Destiny 2, Middle Earth: Shadow of War, NFS Payback, and Assassin's Creed Origins. Also on display was LG's premium range of gaming monitors including the popular 21:9 Curved UltraWide with 4K-UHD Display. Prior to this, Nvidia hosted their event in Lucknow in August, which proved to be another instance substantiating the country's growing excitement for gaming.
Inaugurating the two-day gaming event, honorable IT Minster, K. T. Rama Rao said, "Government has identified animation, visual effects, and gaming as a key growth engine for tech exports and employment generation. Hyderabad is already employing close to 30,000 people which include 100 animation and gaming companies, 2D and 3D studios. The Telangana government recently laid the foundation for a world-class facility for the gaming sector, known as the IMAGE Tower (Innovation in Multimedia, Animation, Gaming & Entertainment). It is very satisfying to see leaders from the gaming industries like Nvidia, Dell, LG, Zotac and HyperX coming together to give gaming enthusiasts an experience through technologies like 4K, Virtual Reality, and superior hardware. This will only help boost our economy and further develop the gaming industry," he added.
"Gamer Connect is Nvidia's platform for the Indian gaming community to bond, interact and explore new avenues in gaming and simultaneously experience the latest technologies introduced to PC gaming. Over the past years, we have conducted more than 150 events across 20 cities which have helped us connect with more than 10,000 gamers. There are 15M PC gamers in India out of which 1M are in Telangana and the number has a potential to go up to 2.5M, thanks to the recently launched world-class facility, IMAGE Tower. We hope to have more of such collaboration in future to develop the gaming community in India," said Vishal Dhupar, Managing Director, South Asia, Nvidia during the event.
Out of the 35 million people who are actively talking about PC and console gaming on social media platforms, we have 15 million gamers who are currently playing on it. While Telangana market has a potential of more than 200 gaming cafes, there are only 20-30 decent gaming cafes.
At the event, Nvidia showcased GeForce GTX graphic cards featuring the latest Pascal architecture. The participants experienced cutting-edge technologies like Virtual Reality and 4K that are driving increasingly immersive gaming experiences.
LG showcased its Gaming Monitor line-up including the top of line 21:9 Curved Ultrawide monitors with G-Sync technology and the 2018 line-up in an exclusive preview. Technology showcase included models with G-Sync, 240Hz refresh rate and 4K Displays with HDR 10. Also on exhibition were Dell's latest laptops packed with the GeForce GTX 10-series. Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080, 1070, 1060 and 1050 GPUs have accelerated the growth of PC gaming by delivering the best in both efficiency and performance. The new GTX 10-Series GPUs for notebooks deliver up to 75 percent more performance over previous generation architectures.
After the success of this event, Nvidia is looking to build a series of initiatives focused on fueling the growth of India's gaming community. Gamer Connect is Nvidia's flagship community event in partnership with Dell, LG, Zotac and HyperX that is conducted every year in multiple cities to bring gamers together to experience the latest developments in gaming technologies. Gamer Connect started in 2015 as a small format event has evolved into mega format connecting to tens of thousands of gamers across the country.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Phosphorous Trichloride Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Phosphorous Trichloride market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess, BASF, Excel Industries, Solvay, Merck, Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection, Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection, Xuzhou JianPing Chemical, Lianyungang Dongjin Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Phosphorous Trichloride Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Phosphorous Trichloride market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Phosphorous Trichloride market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Phosphorous Trichloride Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Phosphorous Trichloride. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Phosphorous Trichloride in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Colorless, Slightly Yellow.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Paints, Pharmaceutical Synthesis, Additives for The Plastics, Lubrication Oils, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Phosphorous Trichloride Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Phosphorous Trichloride new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Phosphorous Trichloride market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Phosphorous Trichloride industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
CHICAGO (AP) — The U.S. women's soccer team will host South Korea in a pair of exhibitions in October.
The teams will play Oct. 19 in New Orleans and meet three days later in Cary, North Carolina, the U.S. Soccer Federation said Monday.
The U.S. previously announced friendlies against New Zealand on Sept. 15 at Commerce City, Colorado, and Sept. 19 at Cincinnati. There also are home-and-home exhibitions against Canada, on Nov. 9 at Vancouver, British Columbia, and Nov. 12 at a U.S. site not yet announced.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Honor will release a super-charged version of the Honor 10 soon.
It's only planned for the Chinese market at present, but these things can change and the tech might eek through to the UK in other forms anyway.
The Honor 10 GT is essentially the same handset but with 8GB of RAM rather than the 6GB version available internationally. And considering the UK model only has 4GB of RAM in comparison, that's an even heftier jump up in spec.
The GT in its name stands for GPU Turbo, which is a new tech that makes more of the existing graphics hardware and claims to increase performance by up to 60 per cent, while decreasing battery power drain by up to 30 per cent.
That feature is also going to roll out to existing Honor 10 devices and improved gaming prowess is one of the benefits highlighted by the brand.
The new device will also get Super Night Scene, as used by the Huawei P20. That makes for better night-time photography even when no tripod is being used.
The Honor 10 GT has the exact same other spec list as the conventional 10. That means it will come with a Kirin 970 processor, USB-C port, 5.84-inch 19:9 Full HD+ (1080 x 2280 pixels) IPS LCD screen, and a dual camera on the rear.
It will be available in China from 24 July.
The standard Honor 10 is available from Three in the UK.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — A large wildfire north of Athens is threatening homes as it sweeps through pine forest for a second day, uncontained due to high winds.
Fire Service officials two planes and five helicopters are fighting the blaze at Varnava, 45 kilometers (28 miles) north of the Greek capital, while a main road in the area is closed to traffic to give fire trucks better access.
The fire burned out of control for a second day Monday after damaging at least 20 homes the previous day and forcing the evacuation of holiday campsites used in the area for children's vacations.
No one was hurt, and Fire Service spokeswoman Brigade Manager Stavroula Maliri described all the evacuations as precautionary.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Police officers are still guarding a cordon at the back of The Regal pub in Gloucester after a man was stabbed yesterday.
The 23-year-old victim remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital this morning, police said.
A spokesman said: “We still have a couple of officers at the back of the pub.
“There is no change in the victim's condition and there have been no arrests.”
Police had been called to St Aldate Street at around 2.30am on Sunday following the incident.
The man was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital for treatment and it is believed the assault happened in a block of flats.
The pub reopened yesterday and police are continuing to seek suspects.
Anyone with information is urged to call 101 and quote incident 61 of August 13.
All the latest on this story, and the day's breaking news, will be in our live blog.
Patrick “Wappy” Shobe, 24, of Coffeyville was arrested on Tuesday, February 7, by the Montgomery County Sheriff's Department for a double shooting which occurred on January 11 near 5thand Sycamore. Shobe was arrested on two counts of attempted murder, criminal possession of a firearm by a felon and unlawful discharge of a firearm in the city limits.
On January 11, officers responded to a shooting in the 500 block of Sycamore. Brice Chapman, 35, and Glenn Starr, Jr., 46, both of Coffeyville, were transported to Coffeyville Regional Medical Center for gunshot wounds. Starr was later transported by air ambulance to Joplin, and Chapman was treated and released.
“Our officers and detective put significant effort into working this case in order to secure the necessary evidence needed for an arrest warrant from the County Attorney's office,” stated Police Chief Kwin Bromley. “I also appreciate the assistance of Sheriff Bobby Dierks and the Montgomery County Sheriff's office.”
CHICAGO (AP) — Bitcoin's debut on a major U.S. exchange is a hit so far, with the price of the first-ever futures contract for the virtual currency rising 18 percent.
The futures contract that expires in January surged $2,730 to $18,190 Monday morning on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. Trading began Sunday, and the price rose as high as $18,850, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They allow investors to make bets on the future direction of bitcoin.
The first session of futures trading fit right in with the frenzy surrounding bitcoin. Traffic to the CBOE website was so heavy right after the start of trading that the site experienced outages. The exchange also halted trading twice Sunday to stem volatility. The exchange operator has rules in place to stop trading after price swings of 10 percent.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 10:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,510 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and, as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places,” concentrated frozen orange juice.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which had been very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairman of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
___
Kelvin Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Ola May Kunzie died Friday, April 14, 2017, at Hospice House, Hutchinson. She was born April 24, 1927, in Bristow, Okla., the daughter of Robert Elliott and Agnes Lillian (Merryweather) Fletcher.
She was a member of Women of the Moose, Chapter #1371, Hutchinson. Ola loved all animals and belonged to PETA.
Favorite pastimes of Ola's were bowling and dancing. She loved life.
On April 1, 1944, she married Joseph Anthony Kunzie in Hutchinson. He died in May of 1981. She is survived by: her children, Phylis Hendrickson, Joseph, Thomas (Rebecca Grimm), all of Hutchinson, and Raymond of Wichita; sister, Mary Meyer and husband Jim of South Hutchinson; brother, Earl Fletcher of LA, Calif.; 10 grandchildren, Curt and Dana Hendrickson, Kim and Mike Elliott, Bradley Kunzie, Tony Kunzie, Cortni Kunzie, Venus and Robert Saitsman, Kona Kunzie, Marlo Kunzie, T.J. Kunzie and Trent Kunzie; 12 great-grandchildren; and one great-great-grandson.
She was preceded in death by: her parents; son-in-law, Don Hendrickson; and brother, Robert Fletcher.
Graveside service will be 11 a.m. Thursday, April 20, 2017, at Memorial Park Cemetery, Hutchinson, with Pastor Matt Stafford presiding. Visitation will be from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday with family present from 6 to 8 p.m. at Elliott Mortuary. In lieu of flowers, memorial gifts may be made to the Hutchinson Animal Shelter, in care of Elliott Mortuary and Crematory, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
SERVICES Graveside Service Thursday, April 20, 2017
11:00 AM Memorial Park Cemetery
5905 W 4th Ave
Hutchinson, KS 67501
100 % 100 Engrossing The Hazel Wood is engrossing and exciting. It's probably the best novel I've read all year. 10
I had never read an advanced reader copy (ARC) before, so I went into Melissa Albert's The Hazel Wood with some trepidation. I have heard horror stories about some ARCs – a friend once told me about book so unpolished that even the dedication had typos. However, as I fell into the story, I very quickly forgot that what I was reading was an unpublished proof.
It begins with main character Alice narrating her Gossip Girl style life in Brooklyn, having previously lived “like a fugitive” moving from state to state every few months. Her world was changed after her mother disappeared leaving a fairy tale story as the only clue.
The plot of The Hazel Wood is captivating. With her grandmother's dark fairy tales coming to life around her, Alice sets about looking for her mother. The book reads at a good pace and I can see why the cover boasts that it has to be read in one sitting – it is just that good.
A lot of the reviews for this proof have said it's a bit dark and creepy. I had to read the last Skulduggery Pleasant on the kitchen floor (it's the brightest room in my house) because of how scared I was, so I'm not big on creepy. Overall though, I'd say The Hazel Wood is not too bad. It's a bit creepy at the beginning when Alice and Finch are being followed by dark fairy tales across New York. However, by the time they reach the actual Hazel Wood, Alice's grandmother's mansion, it becomes more of a fantasy novel as Alice's world becomes a fairy tale and the darkness subsides.
The plot is narrated from Alice's point of view. After our initial introduction to her, a girl with a quick temper who pushes everyone away except her mother, we see her character change and develop throughout the novel. Through her reliance on and friendship with Finch she learns to trust and care for someone other than her mother. It's really sweet watching as the two characters interact and slowly save each other throughout the novel. Their friendship is definitely one of the best parts of this novel.
I like the writing style of this novel-to-be. It's descriptive where it needs to be, but still practical. Alice's voice shines through as she describes her past and the dramatic events occurring around her. She's witty, brave and real in her narrations as she guides the reader along the plot. Her thoughts and feelings were spot on for a YA heroine with just the right mixture of bravery as a heroine and fear to set the atmosphere of the novel. The wit is an added bonus.
I really enjoyed reading this ARC. With the UK cover having just been revealed, I can really recommend this when it hits the shelves in early 2018.
Opinions are based on an advanced reader copy of The Hazel Wood. It is due to be published on February 8th 2018.
Bath Spa University has announced its next Vice-Chancellor.
Palaeontologist Professor Susan Rigby will join from the University of Lincoln where she is deputy Vice-Chancellor with responsibility for student development.
Professor Rigby has worked as an academic at Cambridge, Leicester and Edinburgh universities.
She then moved into senior management, first as assistant principal and then vice-principal at the University of Edinburgh.
Professor Rigby said: “I am delighted and honoured to be joining the creative community of scholars and makers that is Bath Spa University.
“It is a privilege to join such a distinctive and effective university, and I look forward to helping staff and students achieve their ambitions for themselves and for the institution.”
Bath Spa University is ranked one of the top six creative universities in the country by Which? University.
The chair of the university's board of governors Terence Jagger said: "We are delighted that Sue will be joining us as Vice-Chancellor.
“She has wide experience in the sector and a passionate interest in the work we do at Bath Spa, focusing on creativity, culture and enterprise.
“She will bring energy, ideas and enthusiasm, and will build on Bath Spa's excellence in the creative and liberal arts, its focus on students, and its strong international outlook."
Bath Spa University began the search for a new Vice-Chancellor in the summer following the announcement of Professor Christina Slade's departure after five years of service.
Professor Nick Foskett was appointed interim Vice-Chancellor and will remain in post until Professor Rigby joins the university on January 22 2018.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Memphis has signed forward Kyvon Davenport out of Georgia Highlands College as the Tigers continue restocking their roster after losing their top three scorers from this season to transfers.
Davenport, who is 6-foot-8, averaged 16.5 points, 10.5 rebounds and 3 blocks for Georgia Highlands this season. His 101 total blocks ranked fourth among National Junior College Athletic Association players.
Memphis coach Tubby Smith said in a statement Monday that “Kynon is very athletic and mobile.”
Davenport is the second junior-college prospect to sign with Memphis over the last week. Memphis also added guard Kareem Brewton from Eastern Florida State College.
Advertisement
Dedric Lawson, K.J. Lawson and Markel Crawford are leaving Memphis after averaging a combined 44.3 points and 22.4 rebounds this season. The Lawson brothers say they're transferring to Kansas .
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Kyvon Davenport's first name.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Market Research Future Published a Half Cooked Research Report on Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Research Report. The active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) market globally is expected to expand with a CAGR of 4.93 percent during the forecast period while earning revenues past the USD 215 billion mark by the year 2023.
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Scenario:
MRFR's outlook towards the worldwide active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) market remains positive with a 4.93% CAGR forecast for the next five years. In terms of clinical efficacy and value, APIs have become an important component in the healthcare sector.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy Available @
www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1385
The emergence of novel therapeutics coupled with development of advanced delivery systems is likely to create lucrative market opportunities for APIs in the forthcoming years. The growing trend towards personalized medicines is also influencing the API market landscape. In addition, increased focus towards reducing overall cost of manufacturing and supply chain consolidation are some of the other reasons behind the dramatic growth of APIs in recent years.
Top Players for Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market:
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (Israel), Cipla (India), Dr. Reddy's Laboratories (India), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Sanofi (France), Pfizer, Inc. (US), Eli Lilly and Company (US), Aurobindo Pharma (US), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (India), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Bristol-Myers Squibb (US), GlaxoSmithKline Plc (UK), Merck & Co., Inc. (US), AbbVie Inc. (US).
Segmental Analysis for Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market:
The segmental analysis of the market is based on the segments of the manufacturing process, API formulation, application, type of synthesis, molecule, and region. The market segmentation by type of synthesis consists of biotech and synthetic segments. The synthetic segment in 2017 was worth USD 132,690.7 Mn. The application based segmentation of the market has been segmented into oncology, cardiovascular disease, orthopedic disorders, neurological disorders, respiratory, urology, gastrointestinal disorders and others. The oncology segment is anticipated to develop with an incremental CAGR during the forecast period.
Avail Stunning Discount @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1385
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market – Geographical Overview
On regional basis, global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is segmented into America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa. America commands the largest market, majorly due to increasing prevalence of different chronic diseases and rise in the number of cancer patients. According to national cancer institute, in 2016 723,350 new cancer cases was registered in America. North America contribute a major share in America market. Besides increasing prevalence of cancer, well developed healthcare sector, increasing healthcare expenditure and adoption of biologic drugs by peoples has contributed in the growth of the market in this region.
TOC of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2023:
1 INTRODUCTION
1.1 DEFINITION
1.2 SCOPE OF STUDY
1.2.1 RESEARCH OBJECTIVE
1.2.2 ASSUMPTIONS & LIMITATIONS
1.2.2.1 ASSUMPTIONS
1.2.2.2 LIMITATIONS
1.3 MARKET STRUCTURE:
2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
2.1 RESEARCH PROCESS:
2.2 PRIMARY RESEARCH
2.3 SECONDARY RESEARCH:
3 MARKET DYNAMICS
TOC CONTINUED…!
Essential points covered in Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market 2018 to 2023:-
What will the market size and what will the growth rate be?
What are the key market trends?
What is driving this market?
What are the challenges to market growth?
Who are the key vendors in this market space?
What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?
Ask any Queries to Experts about Niche Segments, Requires Regional Data and Top Players @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1385
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma says the family is “adjusting to a different reality.”
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday that his son, Otto, was “terrorized and brutalized” during his 17-month detention and has been in a coma for more than a year.
“The day after he was sentenced, he went into a coma,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night. He said he and his wife, Cindy, only learned of their son's condition last week.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center. A hospital spokeswoman did not provide an update on his condition, but said his parents planned to hold a Thursday morning news conference.
Their public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family's home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern over his condition.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that he will be OK.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea after he tearfully confessed that he tried to steal a propaganda banner while visiting the country.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
When asked by Fox News what he would tell the families of those detained, Fred Warmbier said, “I wouldn't know what to say to them. This is, I've been told, not precedented.”
Tecno Mobile, a part of Hong Kong based group Transsion Holding that also owns iTel has entered the Indian market with the launch of five budget smartphones- Tecno i3, i3 Pro, i5, i5 Pro and i7.
The most affordable handset in the lineup- the Tecno i3 is priced at Rs. 7,990 and the flagship handset-the Tecno i7 will sell at Rs. 14,990. The Tecno smartphones will be available in Champagne Gold, Sky Black, and Space Grey colour variants via offline retailers.
Tecno Mobiles claims that it is one of the biggest phone companies in Africa and is now ready to dominate the Indian smartphone market with India-specific smartphones. The company plans to do this by integrating region based features to enhance the usability in Indian market. We got a chance to test the flagship handset- the Tecno i7 and here are our first impressions of the mid-range smartphone.
Design: One of the most premium looking smartphone in its price segment
Tecno i7 is quite a stunning device. The all metal construction gives the handset a solid and premium feel. The smartphone is also quite sleek and has rounded corners and edges that allows for a comfortable feel in hands.
The 5.5-inch screen has very thin bezels on either sides and has a fingerprint sensor at the bottom, placed in the middle of touch capacitive buttons that can be used to access recently opened apps and to return to previous menu.
I couldn't find any option in settings panel that can lit up these touch capacitive buttons, which makes it a bit tricky to operate the handset during night.
The power button and volume rockers are also metallic, placed on right and offer a good tactile feedback. The hybrid SIM card tray is positioned on left and the 3.5mm headphone jack is placed on top. You will find the microUSB charging port at the bottom with speaker grilles.
Coming on to the rear side of the handset, the matte finish metal feels good to hold and does not feel slippery in every day usage. The 13MP camera module is placed at the left corner along with a quad flashlight module. Besides, another striking design element is the shiny chrome antenna lines at top and bottom of the rear panel that gives Tecno i7 a unique look.
Overall, Tecno i7 is ergonomic, feels sturdy in hands and is one of the most premium looking smartphone in its price-point.
Display: Crisp 5.5-inch Full HD screen
Tecno i7 also makes sure you get a crisp and vibrant multimedia viewing experience. The smartphone sports a 5.5-inch full-HD screen with 2.5D curved glass on top that adds a premium touch to the front fascia. The screen offers a good pixel density of 400ppi that makes texts, pictures, videos and other multimedia content crisp and sharp to look at.
SEE ALSO: UMIDIGI C Note now available in red color variant
The display also has good level of brightness and colour reproduction is also quite good resulting in satisfactory video playback experience. Tecno i7 also comes with Nippon Electric Glass to protect i7's display against accidental damages; however we have to evaluate its performance against Corning Gorilla Glass.
The only issue seems to be with the viewing angles as colours tend to wash out when you view the display diagonally. For a comfortable outdoor viewing experience, Tecno has added an 'Outdoor' mode that boosts up the brightness to maximum level for the first 15 minutes under direct sunlight. Post 15 minutes it will adjust the brightness level depending upon the surroundings.
Camera: Camera performance could have been better
Tecno is pitching the i7 as a capable camera smartphone and precisely the India's first night camera phone. This is due to the fact that the smartphone comes with a 13 MP rear camera that is accompanied by a quad LED flash module, i.e. double the amount of light of what you normally get with other smartphones.
The 13MP rear camera has f/2.0 aperture. For selfies, the smartphone sports a 16 MP camera that utilizes one dedicated LED flashlight and the screen flash to brighten up the images you capture in low-light conditions.
We did try our hands on the cameras and the results were satisfactory but not the best we have seen in the segment. We will evaluate the camera's full potential in our comprehensive review of Tecno i7.
Hardware: Gets the job done
Tecno i7 is powered by a 1.5GHz octa-core MediaTek 6750 chipset paired with 4GB RAM. The handset sails through every day jobs with an ease and can also handle memory intensive tasks without breaking up a sweat with the help of 4GB RAM.
I tried my hands on gaming and the experience was smooth, however the all-metal body did heat up when the GPU is pushed to its limits. We will stress test the handset to find out its true potential in our detailed review in the coming week.
Besides, the audio performance is decent and the fingerprint sensor that also comes with anti-oil coating works smoothly and wastes no time in unlocking the handset. Tecno i7 has 32GB internal memory that can be expanded via microSD card.
Software: Runs Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the box.
Tecno i7 is one of the few Android handsets that run Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the box. But as it goes with most of the brands, the UI is not stock Android and you get a layer of customizable skin- Hi OS in this case, on top of it. The Hi OS is mostly clutter free and runs smoothly for most of the part.
It also features several pre-loaded apps that come handy in everyday usage. For instance, you get Hi Manager that provides useful insights about data and memory consumption. You can also manage apps and clean up memory with just a tap.
The Hi OS also comes with Hi cloud to backup and restore contacts, messages, call logs, etc. and you also have a dedicated theme store- Hi Theme to change the look and feel of your handset.
Besides, some nifty software tweaks like 'inadvertently mode' that automatically locks the handset when you place it in pocket, Flip mute, cover screen to silence incoming calls, long press home key to trigger flashlight, etc. come quite handy in everyday usage.
Another interesting feature coded inside the UI is WhatsApp mode. The mode disables the data access for all other apps except the WhatsApp so that you could connect easily with friends and family when you have less data and battery in your phone.
Battery and Connectivity: Large 4,000 mAh battery and all required connectivity features
Another highlight feature of Tecno i7 is its large 4,000 mAh battery unit. Despite the fact that the smartphone has a very slim profile, the manufacturer has managed to squeeze in a big battery unit that delivers on every day usage. I have been using the handset from last three days and it does manage to last a day on a single charge even with a heavy usage.
As far as connectivity goes, Tecno i7 offers dual-SIM, FM Radio, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, 4G VoLTE and GPS.
Verdict
Tecno i7 seems to be a capable mid-range Android handset in our initial tests. The smartphone brings a premium all metal design, crisp full HD screen, the latest Android 7.0 Nougat and some pretty decent imaging hardware. We will evaluate the handset performance in the coming week to find out how it fares in the crowded sub Rs. 15k price segment.
Tecno i5, i5 Pro, i3 and i3 pro will all be available across 3 states of Rajasthan, Gujarat and Punjab from April 22, 2017; while the Tecno i7 will be hitting the stores early May 17.
Tropical Cyclone Fakir was southeast of La Reunion Island in the Southern Indian Ocean when NASA's Aqua satellite passed overhead in space. Visible imagery from Aqua showed that wind shear was affecting Fakir.
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center or JTWC noted on April 24 at 11 a.m. EDT (1500 UTC) that Fakir's center was located near 23.3 degrees south latitude and 57.5 degrees east longitude. That's approximately 162 nautical miles south of Port Louis, Mauritius. Fakir was moving to the south-southeast at 18 knots (20.7 mph/33.3 kph). Maximum sustained surface winds were estimated at 60 knots (69 mph /111 kph).
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer or MODIS instrument that flies aboard NASA's Aqua satellite captured a visible image of Fakir. The image showed a rapidly disintegrated system. The system appeared elongated as the bulk of clouds and thunderstorms were being pushed to the southeast of the center. Fakir was in an area of high vertical wind shear between 40 and 50 knots (46 to 57 mph/74 to 92 kph).
JTWC noted that "[Fakir] is forecast to continue deteriorating due to the severe vertical wind shear associated with the trough (elongated area of low pressure) approaching from the west and cooling sea surface temperatures along its forecast track to the southeast. The unfavorable environment will lead to dissipation by [April 26].
###
WASHINGTON: Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif, speaking about the new US policy in Afghanistan, told journalists at the Pakistan embassy on Thursday that Islamabad is “genuinely concerned” about New Delhi's role in the plan.
Asif said that the Pak-US bilateral relationship had taken a new turn after the announcement of Washington's South Asia strategy.
“If on one hand, the US has its concerns about the future of Afghanistan, Pakistan seeks recognition of its legitimate security concerns in the region. We are genuinely concerned with respect to the role accorded in the strategy to India, in general, and its efforts, geared towards destabilisation in Balochistan, in particular.”
“Pakistan believes that, unless there is stability in Afghanistan, the dividends of peace in the region would continue to elude us,” he maintained. To achieve that goal both the US and Pakistan need to work closely, he stressed.
“On our part, we have completely wiped out all the hideouts used by terrorists and anti-state elements. However, this is an ongoing process with continuing intelligence-based operations by law enforcement agencies across the country,” he added.
“We have offered candid cooperation to Afghanistan during the recent visit of Chief of Army Staff Gen Qamar Bajwa and the foreign secretary to Kabul, where they had successful and productive meetings with [Afghan] President Ashraf Ghani, the CEO Abdullah Abdullah and others in the Afghan hierarchy,” he said.
Pakistan is extremely concerned about safe havens of terrorists, operating mostly from ungoverned spaces in Afghanistan, which are more than 40 per cent of the total area of the country, he claimed.
The minister claimed that a number of terrorist attacks in Pakistan in recent months had been traced back to elements operating from bases in Afghanistan.
“I would like to reiterate that Pakistan will continue to play a positive role in bringing peace to the region through measures agreed upon by all relevant stakeholders,” he said.
Asif—who is currently on a visit to Washington at the invitation of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson—termed his “cordial and useful” meeting with Tillerson an “important interaction”.
“My visit is essentially in follow-up to Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi's meeting with Vice President Mike Pence on the sidelines of UNGA on September 19, 2017.”
“We want to build a relationship founded on mutual respect. We firmly believe that through consistent, structured and constructive engagement, at political and diplomatic levels, both the countries can continue to work together for the common goal of peace, stability and prosperity in South Asia.
“We also see enormous investment and business opportunities in Pakistan for corporate America, particularly after Pakistan's remarkable successes in the war against terror and a significant reduction in terrorist incidents in the country,” he told journalists.
Asif expressed hope that international media, particularly US media, would play a positive role in Pakistan's efforts towards establishing regional peace and “reflect Pakistan's changing realities in its reporting”.
ASIF MEETS GEN MCMASTER:
Earlier, Khawaja Asif met the Assistant to US President for National Security Affairs Lt General McMaster at the White House.
According to reports, the two leaders discussed bilateral relations as well as ways in which the two countries could promote mutually beneficial cooperation. They also discussed regional situation, particularly Afghanistan.
The foreign minister briefed NSA about Pakistan's perspective on the US strategy. Asif stressed the importance that Pakistan attaches to peace in Afghanistan and emphasised the need to work together for regional peace and stability.
United Nations: One in five children in rich countries lives in relative poverty, according to a UNICEF report published Thursday that put the US and New Zealand among the world`s worst performers for youth well-being.
Nearly 13 percent of children in those countries lack access to sufficient safe and nutritious food, the report said, with that number rising to 20 percent in the US and UK.
"Higher incomes do not automatically lead to improved outcomes for all children, and may indeed deepen inequalities," said Sarah Cook, director of the UNICEF Innocenti research office that published the study.
"Governments in all countries need to take action to ensure the gaps are reduced and progress is made," she said.
The `Report Card` took into account factors like education, mental health, alcohol abuse, economic opportunities and the environment to rank 41 high-income countries for overall youth well-being.
Germany and the Nordic countries topped the list while Romania, Bulgaria and Chile came in at the bottom, with New Zealand and the US in 34th and 37th place respectively.
The US had relatively low scores in terms of poverty, hunger, health, education and inequality.
New Zealand performed particularly badly in terms of adolescent mental health, with the highest suicide rate in the world for people aged 15 to 19 -- almost three times the average for the countries surveyed.
The number of adolescents reporting mental health problems is increasing in the majority of the countries included in the study, along with the rate of obesity among young people.
Even in Japan and Finland, among the best performing countries in the list, around a fifth of 15-year-olds does not reach baseline educational standards, the report said as it called for greater focus on disadvantaged groups.
Xiaomi seems to be prepping the launch of its next generation Mi Power Banks in India. The company has taken to its official Twitter handle to tease the same.
Going by the tweet made by Xiaomi India's Twitter handle, "The next generation is coming! Do you know what we're talking about? RT and tell everyone to #PowerUp." The teaser also shows that the Mi Power Bank features a USB Type-C port in addition to the usual micro USB port in the place of two standard USB ports. We can see the upcoming Mi Power Bank to support Quick Charge 3.0-like rapid charging technology.
The next generation is coming! Do you know what we're talking about? RT and tell everyone to #PowerUp pic.twitter.com/1qY0YOfngx — Mi India (@XiaomiIndia) June 14, 2017
The Mi Power Bank that is on the cards to launch in India seems to have an LED indicator that will show you the amount of charge left on the device. From the teaser, it is clear that the thickness of the power bank has been cut down significantly to facilitate better portability.
Xiaomi is a popular brand in India and their power banks are preferred by many consumers in India. There are several color options to choose from and the battery capacity of these Mi Power Banks range from 5000mAh and 20000mAh. The upcoming Mi Power Banks in India are believed to be available in both 10000mAh and 20000mAh capacities.
The Xiaomi power banks have 93% conversion rate and a low power mode, which can be activated by pressing the power button twice. With the low power mode, devices such as Mi Bluetooth Headset and Mi Band can be charged.
The 10000mAh Mi Power Bank 2 has been launched in China for 79 yuan (approx. Rs. 1,200). We do expect these power banks to be priced competitively in the Indian market as well.
The Riverhead Town Board voted 5-0 Tuesday not to change rules and procedures that would have required the group seeking to buy the EPCAL property to present certain financial documents proving its capacity to move forward with the deal.
Even with a unanimous vote not to change the procedures of the Riverhead Community Development Agency, board officials are still divided on whether such documents are needed for the deal to go through. Calverton Aviation and Technology is planning to buy 1,600 acres of land at Calverton for $40 million.
Board members had asked the venture group to provide certified personal and corporate financial statements from the applicant sponsor and pro forma financial statements for the project as part of the deal — which the board is holding off on voting on pending an ethics complaint against Councilwoman Jodi Giglio related to the sale.
Representatives for the venture group have said they declined to do so because they don't want to make public sensitive financial information about the private partnering companies involved in the deal.
Monday, August 14, 2017
ENGLAND: Geophysical survey within one of Avebury's stone circles detected previously unknown evidence of an older standing stone monument, but one whose megaliths were arranged instead in a square. Erected in the 4th millennium B.C., the 10,000-square-foot complex is the first of its kind identified, and may be 1,000 years older than Avebury's and even neighboring Stonehenge's stone circles. Researchers believe that the stones may have commemorated a wooden building that was perhaps associated with the original Neolithic settlement. —Jason Urbanus
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
Harvey Weinstein takes leave of absence after harassment reports
Film studio executive Harvey Weinstein has paid at least eight settlements to women who accused him of sexual harassment, The New York Times reported Thursday. The allegations against him span nearly three decades. Women, including actress Ashley Judd and former Weinstein employees, say he invited them to hotel rooms and made unwanted advances, sometimes appearing naked in front of them. One former employee said he promised to advance her career if she had sex with him. Judd said he asked her to watch him shower or let him massage her. In a statement, Weinstein said he "came of age … when all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different" and that he is "trying to do better." He will take a leave of absence from his company.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHER
Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," he said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" he said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Officers from the New Haven Police Department saved a woman's life on July 30th. One of the officer's body-cams captured the daring rescue.
Just before 12:30 p.m. on that Sunday, police responded to a building on Park Street where a woman was on the roof of the 16-story building.
Officers pleaded with the woman not to jump as she clung to the chain-link fence around the perimeter of the roof.
After nearly an hour standing over the pavement, an officer saw his chance to reach for the woman. The officer offered the woman ice cubes. As she got closer to the officer, he reached out to her. Several other officers then rushed in to pull her to safety.
On Monday, the woman went to New Haven Police headquarters to meet with the officer who saved her life. Police say both were thankful.
March 31 Solekia Ltd :
* Says Sasaki Beji to buy shares in Solekia at 4,500 yen per share via takeover bid as of April 19, instead of 3,700 yen per share as of April 14 announced previously
* Says previous release disclosed on March 29
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/h4tcth
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Find Native Speakers Find speakers of any language, who also want to learn the language you speak.
Meet and Chat Meet in person for 1 hour. Speak for 30 minutes in each language.
STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) - Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
Going into The Voice's Top 12 Results Show Tuesday, it was looking grim for Rayshun LaMarr and D.R. King, the latter of whom hadn't even garnered a whole percentage point in TVLine's poll overnight. Jackie Foster fared slightly worse than Rayshun, but I figured she'd get a pass, since her fan base seems particularly vocal and devoted — maybe not in this particular poll, and maybe not after that noxious “Toxic,” but you know, in general. And if it came down to a sing-off between Rayshun and D.R., I predicted that the former would easily win the Save by pulling out all the stops (as we know he's capable of) and show D.R. the D-O-O-R. Was I right, or was a surprise elimination on tap?
Before we found out, of course, there was a lot of time-killing to be done. First up, Kelly Clarkson joined her team on a version of “Don't Take the Money” on which I'd have sworn they all sang in a different key or something. Again, technical issues? When even Kelly doesn't sound like herself, there's a whopper of a problem. By the time each of them took a turn singing a way-off last little bit, I was tempted to hit mute on the remote and put them out of their misery. (And was birthday girl Kelly wearing Life Savers?) Next, Adam Levine and Maroon 5 performed their current single “Wait,” which wasn't nearly as interesting without the backdrop of its eye-popping video. (YouTube it if you haven't seen it — it's like, wow!) On the plus side, Adam didn't seem to be plagued by the same sound problems that beset Team Kelly. Season 13 contestant Dave Crosby's little girl Claire pretty hilariously interviewed the coaches and their teams. (“I don't even know what that is,” she said when Rayshun asked for an autograph.) The cast of Rise took to the stage with a sorta tepid “Scars to Your Beautiful” that made me miss Fame. And finally, Blake Shelton joined his team on a rendition of “I Thank You” that should have had Team Kelly face-palming, going, “Oh, that's how it's done!”
Along the way, we saw…
Sent to Safety (in Chronological Order)
Britton Buchanan (Team Alicia)
Brynn Cartelli (Team Kelly)
Sharane Calister (Team Adam)
Pryor Baird (Team Blake)
Christiana Danielle (Team Alicia)
Spensha Baker (Team Blake)
Kaleb Lee (Team Kelly)
Jackie Verna (Team Adam)
Kyla Jade (Team Blake)
Jackie Foster (Team Alicia)
Bottom Two
D.R. King (Team Kelly), “Papa Was a Rolling Stone” — Grade: C | At the start of the classic Temptations song that D.R. chose, it seemed like a good selection, one that was going to play to his strengths. But ultimately, his performance was a little all over the place — it had some cool moments, some less cool, squeally ones, and ultimately just kinda fell flat.
Rayshun LaMarr (Team Adam), “I Can't Stand the Rain” — Grade: A | After D.R.'s so-so performance, the Save was Rayshun's to lose. He didn't even have to raise the roof, all he had to do was rattle a shingle or two, and he'd done that before he'd even gotten to the first chorus. He wasn't just in the moment, he was living for the moment. And his vocal was insane.
Saved | Rayshun LaMarr (Team Adam)
Eliminated | D.R. King (Team Kelly)
Which singer would you have eliminated from the contest? Vote in the poll below, then hit the comments.
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent.”
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in her future.”
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Thermal Paper Market: Overview
Thermal paper is a special fine paper that changes color when exposed to heat. The surface of the thermal paper is coated with a solid state mixture of a dye, with a suitable matrix. When the coated matrix is exposed to heat above its melting point, the dye reacts with acid and gets back to its colored form; the changed form is conserved in a metastable state when the matrix quickly solidifies back. The acid used in the thermal paper is often Bisphenol A (BPA). Leading public health authorities such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (USFDA), the European Food Safety Authority, the Food Safety Authority of Australia and New Zealand, and Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry (METI) have approved the use of BPA in food applications.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24863
Thermal Paper Market: Dynamics and Trends
Thermal paper is employed in various applications including Auto Teller Machines (ATM), thermal printers, cash registers, billing machines. Rise in importance of labeling in packaged food products and pharmaceutical products to meet the quality regulations is also driving the market for thermal paper. Increase in demand for packaged foods in emerging economies is also augmenting the thermal paper market.
Much food safety authorities approve the use of Bisphenol A; however, stringent regulations against its usage may adversely affect the market during the forecast period. Furthermore, increase in adoption of e-receipts in developing economies is estimated to hamper the thermal paper market in the next few years.
New vendors in the thermal paper market are expected to have immense opportunities in developing economies such as India. In November 2016, the Government of India banned the usage of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes to reduce black money and increase cashless transactions and digitization. This has positively impacted digital transactions, thereby contributing to the increase in usage of thermal paper. This is also anticipated to provide ample opportunities to new entrants in the thermal paper market.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/thermal-papers-market.html
Thermal Paper Market: Segmentation
In terms of technology, the thermal paper market can be bifurcated into direct thermal technology and thermal transfer technology. The direct thermal technology is expected to account for major share of the market. This technology can be applicable to various materials, and it is very economical compared to thermal transfer technology.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
We will bring you all the action as Cambridge United take on Notts County in Sky Bet League Two.
United go into the game off the back of being held to a 1-1 draw at Leyton Orient on Saturday after the London outfit grabbed an equaliser in injury time.
But Shaun Derry's side remain in fine form with a six-match unbeaten streak in the league.
As a result, United are seventh in the table and lie nine points off the automatic promotion places.
County, who have John Sheridan in charge, come into the match off the back of a 3-2 defeat at home to high-flying Carlisle on Saturday.
They lie 22nd in the division, just one point above the relegation zone, and have lost their last eight league games – a run which includes November's 1-0 reverse to United at Meadow Lane.
In the wake of sexual misconduct allegations against several prominent men in entertainment, politics and journalism, accounts like the ones these women share quietly play out in restaurants, bars and hotels across the country and rarely get the headlines.
CHICAGO (AP) — One woman recalls how a general manager at a Chicago-area restaurant where she worked told her that if security cameras recorded him reaching between her legs and grabbing her genitals, he could simply “edit that out.”
Another woman worked at an Atlanta restaurant and says her boss did nothing when two dishwashers kept making vulgar comments, so she quit wearing makeup to look less attractive and hopefully end the verbal abuse.
In the wake of sexual misconduct allegations against several prominent men in entertainment, politics and journalism, accounts like the ones these women share quietly play out in restaurants, bars and hotels across the country and rarely get the headlines.
Court documents and interviews with the women and experts on the topic show hospitality industry workers are routinely subjected to sexual abuse and harassment from bosses, co-workers and customers that are largely unchecked. The nature of the work, which often has employees relying on tips, can make them especially vulnerable to abuse.
“I was absolutely humiliated,” said Sharonda Fields, who said the abuse at the Atlanta restaurant began shortly after she started working there last year. “It was degrading. I felt embarrassed. I felt low. I just felt like nothing happened when those guys talked to me that way, and especially when the staff and the managers knew what was going on. It made me feel like dirt.”
She filed a lawsuit against the restaurant last spring. Calls to the restaurant from The Associated Press went unanswered.
Joyce Smithey, an Annapolis, Maryland, attorney who has handled several sexual harassment lawsuits, said those accused of misconduct “have a great sense of whom the victims are, who the women are who will put up with this, who need the job, are so scared they don't fight back.”
That's especially true in an industry where immigrants are a large part of the workforce. In a 2014 federal lawsuit in New York that was ultimately settled, a woman alleged that the general manager of a fast-food restaurant where she worked asked about her immigration status regularly and knew that she was “even more vulnerable” partly because she had no family in the United States.
Many accusers think fighting back is futile. According to a survey in Chicago, not only had 49 percent of hotel workers reported incidents in which guests “exposed themselves, flashed them or answered the door naked,” but just 1 in 3 of the workers who had such experiences reported it to a boss.
Sarah Lyons, a research analyst with UNITE HERE Local 1, the union that conducted the survey last year and represents more than 15,000 hospitality workers in the Chicago area and northwestern Indiana, said the most common reason these workers didn't come forward is because they knew someone who tried to report sexual misconduct and nothing changed as a result.
Often things can get worse for those who report misconduct. Attorneys and advocates for workers say waitresses who speak out risk facing retaliation: Their shifts can be taken away or they might be scheduled for slower business times when there are fewer opportunities to receive tips.
In a 2011 lawsuit against a Maryland yacht club, Victoria Tillbery reported that a boss had told her she would “never have to worry about your shifts” if she let him perform oral sex on her. She refused and after she reported her allegations to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, her job started making her do her prep duties during shifts and not before them. That took her away from waiting tables and earning tips.
Attorneys say the goal in these situations is to prompt the employee to quit and, if that doesn't work, the worker is often made the target of an effort to discredit her character.
After Fields, the Atlanta restaurant worker, refused to quit, “false and bogus reasons to terminate her” surfaced, her attorney said.
“They enlisted another employee to falsely state that she (Fields) had come up to her and said, ‘If you agree to back me up on my claim I'll pay you $100,'” said Fields' attorney, Brad Dozier.
The other worker, hoping to gain favor with the bosses and get a promotion, made the false claim and the restaurant used it to fire Fields, Dozier said.
The woman who recounted the story about the Calumet City, Illinois, restaurant general manager, who suggested he would edit security camera footage of him inappropriately touching her, said she rebuffed the man's advances. After that, Vger Williams said, a job opportunity she was promised at one of the restaurant chain's other locations never developed and she was fired.
Williams filed a lawsuit last month. Restaurant officials declined comment when reached by the AP.
Workers who are sexually harassed by customers are often under pressure to remain quiet, too.
David Craver, president of the National Bartenders Association, said companies don't want to lose business so “they roll out the red carpet to every customer.”
“It's just like if a family member said something inappropriate, you can't get rid of family,” he said.
A lot of harassment occurs in situations in which the workers are underpaid, said Saru Jayaraman, co-founder of the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, a national organization that works to improve industry conditions. She said managers often encourage waitresses to dress sexier to get more tips, which can lead to sexual misconduct. If the workers were paid more, they wouldn't have to rely on tips and the misconduct would decrease, she said.
Improvements have shown up in other ways. In October, following the lead of voters in Seattle the year before, the Chicago City Council passed an ordinance requiring hotels to develop anti-harassment policies and to provide panic buttons to workers by next summer if they work alone in guest rooms.
Also in October, celebrity chef John Besh stepped down from the company he founded after 25 women alleged that male supervisors at Besh's New Orleans restaurants sexually harassed them. One woman says Besh pressured her into a sexual relationship, but Besh has said he believes it was consensual.
While suing is one way victims of misconduct can fight back, most settlements contain nondisclosure clauses that prevent them from talking about what happened to them. So the incidents are not publicized.
“It fosters the problem we are seeing so much of (because) these serial harassers, bullies and predators aren't talked about,” Boston employment attorney James Weliky said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Photo: Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of his debut album, Love Hate.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Drops ‘Love U Better' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “It's Yo Birthday,” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of his full-length debut, which dropped on Dec. 11, 2007.
“Love Hate Changed Everything!,” The-Dream shared on Instagram. “Like it or Not!”
Listen to the new track, “It's Yo Birthday,” which contains explicit lyrics, now at Radio.com.
HIGHLIGHTS State awards $365G environmental grant for restoration
Work will replace, stabilize shore structures, add plants
Babylon Village has won a $365,083 state grant for its efforts to restore the deteriorating shoreline of Argyle Lake, where stepped waterfalls and a white stone terrace have become icons of the South Shore village.
“It's probably one of our most historical and landmark areas that we have in the village,” said Mayor Ralph Scordino.
The restoration will include tearing out aluminum sheeting and other materials previously installed to secure the shoreline. They have failed over time and will be replaced with stabilizing features topped with vegetation.
The grant money will come from an environmental protection fund administered by the state's Office of Parks, Recreation & Historic Preservation.
“The project advances the agency's mission of improving access to outdoor recreation while promoting good stewardship of natural resources,” Randy Simons, a spokesman for the parks department, wrote in an email.
The matching state grant will cover up to half of the project's expenses, Simons wrote. Scordino said he expected the village to use the entirety of the grant, bringing the total project cost to around $730,000.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Charles “Skip” Gardner, the village's superintendent of public works, said municipal employees will carry out the work, which he will oversee. He said that he hoped construction will begin later this winter and conclude by the fall.
The coastline of the small lake has been eroding for years under the force of the surrounding parkland, Gardner said.
“A lot of it had fallen into disrepair,” he said.
The erosion has destabilized some of the surrounding paths that are used by visitors, which Gardner said number in the hundreds each day. It's also made it harder for ducks, frogs, and other animals to traverse the water's edge.
To solve the problem, the village will remove the existing reinforcements and embed hundreds of gabion baskets — large mesh cages filled with stones — into the shoreline. It will also install woven coconut husks known as coir logs and boulders in places as well.
Gardner said his workers will cover the gabion baskets with topsoil and plant beach grass, junipers and other vegetation.
“Anything they're going to do to restore some natural shoreline there would be beneficial,” said Enrico Nardone, the executive director of the Seatuck Environmental Association, a nonprofit advocacy group based in Islip.
Frequent park visitor Reyna Saravia, 42, of Hempstead, said she noticed in recent months that the paths surrounding the lake were deteriorating, creating hazards for pedestrians.
“You've got to be so careful,” she said on a recent night as she walked near the lake on her way from the Stop & Shop store on Montauk Highway, where she works, to the Babylon LIRR station. The shoreline repair project “will help,” she said.
You never know what will happen on live TV when Andy Cohen's around!
The Watch What Happens Live host, 49, revealed he had recently crashed a live television broadcast, which seriously annoyed WCBS reporter Janelle Burrell — until she recognized it was Cohen.
In a video clip of the hilarious incident, which Cohen shared on social media Friday, the television host walks out of a building and as soon as he realizes he's in the background of the live broadcast he starts raising his fists and wooing to the camera while getting increasingly close to Burrell.
After he finally walks out of the shot, Burrell shoots him a very annoyed look and then almost immediately has a flash of recognition. Breaking out into a smile she says, “Oh, it's Andy Cohen.”
Cohen captioned the clip, “I am such a SHAMELESS CAMERA W—- that I can barely stand myself! My apologies to WCBS reporter Janelle Burrell for ruining your standup. 💗😂”
The inconvenienced reporter also addressed Cohen's hilarious and unexpected “cameo” on social media.
Alongside the same clip Cohen posted she wrote, “That time @bravoandymakes a cameo as you're taping a report 😂😂 👋🏾Oh, Hi, Andy!”
RELATED VIDEO: Andy Cohen's Dog Wacha Interviews Andy Cohen
And this hasn't been the first time Cohen's made an unexpected appearance.
In 2016, the television host ended up crashing a wedding while he was heading to the pool, seemingly to the delight of the entire wedding party.
Sharing a photo with the wedding's groomsmen, Cohen wrote, “Crashed a wedding in Santa Barbara on my way to the pool! 12 Groomsmen!”
Spanish national police block people trying to reach a voting site assigned by the Catalan government in Barcelona, Spain. | (AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti)
A fox yawns in the back garden of a London home. | (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Air Force One flies past the broken windows of the Mandalay Bay hotel, from which gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire on a crowd of thousands of concertgoers in Las Vegas. | (REUTERS/Mike Blake)
Nitro Circus ringleader and stunt professional Travis Pastrana performs a motorcycle backflip over the River Thames in London. | (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)
Members of Indonesia's army celebrate the 72nd anniversary of the country's military in Cilegon. | (REUTERS/Beawiharta)
A commuter on a scooter plows through a flooded street in Bangalore, India. | (EPA-EFE/JAGADEESH NV)
Chechen brides attend a mass wedding in Grozny, Russia. | (AP Photo/Musa Sadulayev)
Canoeists train in the early morning fog on the Emmarencia Dam in central Johannesburg. | (EPA-EFE/KIM LUDBROOK)
A Rohingya child carries an infant at a refugee camp in Palang Khali, Bangladesh. | (REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain)
Gas masks, which were used during Ireland's conflict known as the "Troubles," hang in a walled-off, pro-Britain Protestant enclave called The Fountain in Londonderry, Ireland. | (REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne)
Monkeys hang out in Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico. | (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)
Boats sail on Lake Geneva at sunset near Lausanne, Switzerland. | (EPA-EFE/JEAN-CHRISTOPHE BOTT)
**See last week's best photojournalism**
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Confirming what many exhausted parents likely already know, scientists say a typical young boy is a sort of super athlete.
Compared with adults, preadolescent boys have a near matchless ability to endure and bounce back from high-intensity play, researchers report.
When it comes to post-exercise recovery, for example, an average boy between the ages of 8 and 12 can best elite adult triathletes, long-distance runners and cyclists, according to the new study.
Unfortunately, the findings also suggest that much of this youthful advantage fades with age.
"Our research indicates that aerobic fitness, at least at the muscle level, decreases significantly as children move into adulthood, which is around the time increases in diseases such as diabetes occur," said study author Sebastien Ratel.
Ratel believes the new findings may provide clues to the development of those diseases.
"With the rise in diseases related to physical inactivity, it is helpful to understand the physiological changes with growth that might contribute to the risk of disease," said Ratel, an associate professor in exercise physiology at the University Clermont Auvergne in France.
He and study co-author Anthony Blazevich also noted the findings may suggest ways to maximize a young child's athletic potential.
"Our study shows that muscle endurance is often very good in children, so it might be better to focus on other areas of fitness such as their sports technique, sprint speed or muscle strength," they said.
"This may help to optimize physical training in children, so that they perform better and enjoy sports more," the researchers said in a statement.
Blazevich is a professor of biomechanics at Edith Cowan University in Perth, Australia.
To compare athletic performance across ages, the study team focused on 12 "untrained" prepubescent boys, 12 "untrained" men roughly between 19 and 23 years old, and 13 male athletes between 19 and 27 years old.
"Untrained" meant a healthy individual who engaged in recreational physical activity (such as snowboarding, skiing, skateboarding or climbing) for no more than four hours a week.
By comparison, the athletes were national level and had engaged in long-distance training a minimum of six times weekly for at least two years.
All performed strenuous cycling tests -- separated by at least two days -- designed to gauge "aerobic" and "anaerobic" performance.
Participants were asked to rate the difficulty of the cycling, from one to 10.
Also, blood samples were taken to test for blood lactate levels, an indicator of how much oxygen cells are getting. Higher levels mean your muscles are demanding more oxygen than the lungs can supply. When that happens, exertion is fueled by carbohydrate supply in the body (anaerobic activity).
This likely gives rise to greater muscle fatigue than oxygen-driven (aerobic) activity, the researchers suggested.
The researchers assessed each group's ways of producing energy. Compared with untrained adults, children derived more of their energy aerobically than from the anaerobic process, the researchers found.
Children were also less tired and their muscles recovered much faster following their high-intensity workout.
By contrast, aerobic versus anaerobic energy patterns were the same among the boys and adult athletes. Muscle recovery and fatigue rates were also comparable, the researchers found.
But the boys actually outperformed the athletes in terms of heart rate recovery. The researchers suggested this is perhaps because of a superior ability to quickly return to pre-exercise blood lactate levels.
"This may explain why children seem to have the ability to play and play and play, long after adults have become tired," said Ratel.
The findings were published April 24 in the journal Frontiers in Physiology.
More information
There's more on the health benefits of physical activity at the U.S. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.
SOURCES: Sebastien Ratel, Ph.D., associate professor, exercise physiology, University Clermont Auvergne, France; April 24, 2018, Frontiers in Physiology Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Bengaluru: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address a massive BJP rally here on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party's 90-day 'Nava Nirman Parivarthan Yatra' across poll-bound Karnataka.
According to reports, PM Modi will arrive in the city on Sunday afternoon and address the rally at the Palace grounds in the evening.
Thousands of our cadres from across the state and party supporters are expected to participate in the event.
PM Modi was initially scheduled to address the rally on January 28, on the conclusion of the three-month yatra that commenced on November 1, however, it was put off to February 4 due to PM's hectic schedule.
A BJP functionary said that due to the Budget Session of Parliament and the Union Budget presentation on February 1, PM Modi could not attend the rally on last Sunday.
Elaborate security arrangements have been put in place for the rally at the sprawling venue in the city centre where the party is expecting at least one lakh people to attend and listen to Modi's speech.
"We have invited thousands of youth, especially techies and executives of IT and bio-tech companies in the city to personally listen to Modi's speech though it will also be telecast live on news channels and available on YouTube," asserted the official.
The party's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth, techies, educated class and prominent citizens to the venue, assuring them of seating arrangements.
In the run-up to the state election, due in late April and early May, the BJP conducted the yatra, criss-crossing nearly all the 224 constituencies of the assembly across the state after its national president Amit Shah flagged it off.
The yatra, held with a view to bringing the BJP back to power in the southern state on the plank of transforming Karnataka through development, was led by its state unit president and former Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa and party's other state leaders.
Besides Shah, party's central ministers Prakash Javadekar and Piyush Goyal who are in-charge of the BJP poll campaign in Karnataka, Ananth Kumar, D.V. Sadananda Gowda and Ananthkumar Hegde who hail from the state and the party's all-state leaders will participate in the rally and address the public.
As the pro-Kannada organisations have withdrawn their call for a Bengaluru shutdown on Sunday for the Prime Minister's intervention in the sharing of the Mahadayi river water with Goa state, the party's organisers are betting on a huge response to the rally from the public on a weekend.
(With IANS inputs)
Former Ennis QB lands in LA
Tre Elliott, who rushed for 900 yards during the 2014 Ennis state championship season, is seeking a comeback at No. 12 ranked Mt. San Antonio College in California. As a junior Elliott starred in the backfield with senior Taylor Thompson, the latter rushing for a school record 1,700 yards. Then, at 5'11 and 210 pounds, Elliott moved to quarterback in his final year. He led the Lions to a 6-4 mark in the regular season. They lost on a game ending field goal to Hallsville in the first round of the 2015 playoffs. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Artificial intelligence is coming to the insurance industry after a Cambridge University spin-out picked up £4.4m to accelerate the development of its technology.
Cytora has built a risk engine applying artificial intelligence to identify patterns of good and bad risks over time, allowing commercial insurers to target, select and price risk more accurately. The technology enables insurers to achieve improved loss ratios and premium growth, whilst delivering fairer prices to customers.
The company has received the cash in a funding round involving Cambridge Innovation Capital and a range of investors including insurance companies QBE and Starr.It will be used to increase data science and engineering capacity to establish Cytora as the market-leading AI solution for the commercial insurance industry.
Richard Hartley, CEO of Cytora, said: "Cytora's technology opens up significant opportunities for the insurance industry. We are proud to be supported by pioneering technologists and leading insurers that share our vision for a new standard in risk selection and pricing that is underpinned by objective data and machine intelligence. The calibre of our investors and advisory board is a testament to our team, our technology and the scale of our vision."
Cytora was nurtured at Cambridge Judge Business School's Accelerate Cambridge programme, and was initially supported by Cambridge Enterprise, the University's commercialisation arm. The company has taken natural language processing techniques and machine learning technology developed at the university and applied them to commercially relevant applications for the insurance industry.
The funding comes as Cytora prepares to deploy its risk engine internationally across property and casualty lines with a core group of insurers. It has been working selectively with a consortium of commercial insurers for the last year to embed its technology and these insurers, including QBE, Starr and XL Catlin have gained early access to Cytora's Risk Engine prior to the technology becoming available to the wider market.
"Cytora is an exciting company based on ideas created in Cambridge but with global applications," said Andrew Williamson, investment director at CIC said. "It has applied technology developed at Cambridge University, has been mentored by the University's Judge Business School and has been backed by Cambridge Enterprise, the University's commercialisation arm. We are delighted to support the company as it starts the next stage of its evolution."
Richard Pryce, CEO at QBE European Operations, added: "This is an incredibly innovative use of the ubiquitous open source data available. Combining external information with our own internal intelligence gives a more complete view of a risk which in turn enables QBE to provide protection to our customers at a fairer price that reflects the true level of exposure. The partnership with Cytora enables us to accelerate the adoption of advanced analytics in our business and complements the expertise we have been developing in-house.
"Cytora's technology has broader application beyond risk scoring and will enable us to identify attractive areas that match our risk appetite and expertise but where we are currently underrepresented. This will assist us to focus our efforts on the customer relationships where we can add the greatest value."
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
For a club which has spent the past four seasons in the bottom four and finished last in 2017, there is a sense of optimism surrounding Brisbane.
The Lions were the kings of the AFL jungle when they won a hat-trick of flags from 2001-03 and were runners-up in 2004. But they haven't reached finals since 2009.
Brisbane have won a modest 29 games in the past five years. No side has experienced a leaner run in that period.
For all the positivity surrounding the club, it would be premature to expect it to challenge for a top-eight berth as early as this year.
That said, there is light at the end of the tunnel and, for the first time in a long time, it is not an oncoming train.
The Lions took a long time to recover from Sam Docherty, Elliot Yeo, Jared Polec, Billy Longer and Patrick Karnezis walking out at the end of the 2013 season. And despite Tom Rockliff (Port Adelaide) and Josh Schache (Western Bulldogs) packing their bags after the 2017 campaign, there has been a clear shift in attitude from a core group of key youngsters. No.1 draft pick Cameron Rayner has already signed on until the end of 2021, joining Hugh McCluggage (2021), Harris Andrews (2021), Eric Hipwood (2020), Jarrod Berry (2020), Alex Witherden (2020), Rhys Mathieson (2019) and Lewis Taylor (2019) in committing to staying in Queensland.
They have the chance to build something special together.
Hipwood and Andrews will be Brisbane's bookends for a long time.
Brisbane are building their defence around the talented Harris Andrews. Picture: Getty Images
Hipwood is only 20, yet kicked 30 goals last season and has athletic traits very few in the game possess.
Andrews turned 21 last December, has played 58 games and is deputy vice-captain.
While most key defenders his age are just finding their way, he is accustomed to playing on the opposition's best tall forward.
Luke Hodge's arrival after a stellar career at Hawthorn will be enormously beneficial for such a young squad.
Fiercely competitive and driv-en, Hodge commands on-field respect like few others and can be expected to be an extension of coach Chris Fagan during the course of games. A four-time premiership hero and dual Norm Smith medallist, he will demand high standards and only the foolish won't fall into line.
Hodge isn't the only senior Lion, however. Captain Dayne Beams, Dayne Zorko, Allen Christensen, Stefan Martin, Mitch Robinson and Daniel Rich have been around the block sufficient times to provide the necessary level of leadership and stability.
Zorko took his game to a new level last season, claiming a third club champion award and maiden All-Australian jumper.
Beams was banged up at stages in 2017, but soldiered on and more often than not, reminded everyone of his talent.
On four occasions, he collected at least 30 possessions and kicked multiple goals.
The Lions bolstered their stocks at the end of last season when they struck a deal with Adelaide to acquire Charlie Cameron. The speedster from Swan Districts is capable of having a profound impact close to goal.
It's taken a long time, but the Lions have the building blocks in place. The next challenge — winning more often — needs to be embraced.
303 Style Profile is an ongoing series highlighting unique locals and their incredible style and stories. Go here to see past profiles.
Followers on social media are the new currency that identifies promising talent and proves strong careers. Gaining followers since 2014, Yasmin Isra is the makeup artist and ultra demure fashion influencer Denver has fallen in love with. Clients from all over the city are praising her name via Instagram for the glam-up experience she produces. The major aspect that sets Isra apart in the beauty industry is her undeniable modesty. She covers up by choice — fully embracing her Muslim faith — so she opts for elegant ensembles that include high fashion from Europe and the Middle East.
Originally born in Virginia and raised in Aurora, Isra has been making a name for herself through makeup, gaining a clientele of women who want the luxurious and luminous makeup looks she provides for weddings, birthdays and proms. Now, with over 11,000 followers under her belt, she has created a space for women like herself who follow their faith in every aspect of their lives. Sharing high-quality content about makeup and fashion is why she believes people have supported her saying, “I took more time to be more consistent with the content I was putting out and it helped a lot with gaining more of a following. Also, I tried to put out more high-quality content reflecting all of my passions.” She describes herself with humble energy that is contagious and talent that allows her clients to feel as beautiful as possible by providing them with outstanding beauty care. Her style is striking with clean contemporary influences that demand attention. Isra uses her confidence to create success in all her projects — makeup and fashion alike — while staying true to her the beliefs and modesty.
303 Magazines: How does your style define you?
Yasmin Isra: Even on a low-key day my style always empowers me to feel confident and sophisticated. I always love to feel my best no matter what the occasion is. When I look good I feel good and for me, it's so important to always embrace my femininity. Beauty and fashion have always gone hand in hand for me. I don't feel complete if I have one without the other. It's also so important to know what works for you and what doesn't. Traveling to countries that have prominent high fashion industries have also shaped and inspired my sense of fashion, so I love to showcase that through my social media platforms and share with my audience.
303: What led you to makeup?
YI: My earliest memories of loving makeup started when I was about four or five years old. I loved putting on lipstick and eyeshadow. My mom would always buy me fake eyelashes to put on and play dress up. From then on, I have always been obsessed with makeup and the way you can express yourself in it. There's a misconception about makeup — if you wear it then you're hiding your true self and not confident in your own skin. In my opinion, I think that it's an outlet for expression and allows me to coordinate with my style. It represents a form of artistry.
303: How have you become successful with clients?
YI: I've been successful with clients by really paying attention to clients' desires and giving my honest expertise as to what I think would look best for their specific features. It's very important for me to make connections with each client and make them feel comfortable. Of course, I want everyone to be satisfied and confident at the end of the makeup application process.
303: Your influence on demure fashion and makeup is prevalent through what you post on your media platforms. Can you describe what it means to be modest in today's world of fashion and beauty?
YI: The industry of fashion and beauty today has changed so much from how it was the past. It's so inspiring that many doors have opened for individuals who represent demure fashion like myself. I think it's so important that you can still feel confident and beautiful without feeling the need to show skin or sexualize your image. I feel so empowered and grateful that the fashion and beauty industry has bloomed so much. My generation and generations following are now able to feel proud and will be able to embrace their sense of fashion. It's so important not to feel that you have to conform to a certain ideal in order to be accepted or gain exposure.
303: The way you do your makeup is not only flawless but also a clear representation of your style — contemporary and modern. How did you discover your “look”?
YI: I discovered my look by taking inspiration from different eras. I love classic makeup that incorporates fresh glowing skin with a dramatic bold eye. I also fell in love with the modernized contoured and highlighted look. I love thick feathery eyebrows. I feel that they look youthful and frame the face beautifully when done correctly. I also take a lot of inspiration from different makeup brands like Tom Ford, Charlotte Tilbury and Bobbi Brown. I love the high fashion couture makeup look that is diffused with soft glowing skin and defined bold eyes. Neutral tones are also my go-to's. The colors accentuate natural features and bring out the true tones in your complexion while even out eye color.
303: What has been your biggest achievement and your hardest reality check while being in this industry?
YI: My biggest achievement has definitely been building my repertoire and credibility as a makeup artist in Denver. I love being able to help advise people on makeup and fashion. Helping others is something that I'm very passionate about because it brings me much joy. My hardest reality check while being in this industry definitely has been gaining exposure. Denver is growing so rapidly but it has been hard at times to branch out and markets my brand. People have often told me that I belong in Los Angeles or New York because the fashion and beauty industry is much more evolved and that it's easier to gain exposure and gain clientele. I would love to be able to pioneer the makeup and beauty industry in Denver and be able to inflate both in order for our city to be on the same level as others.
303: What are your go-to pieces from your wardrobe that are an absolute must-have for every day?
YI: My staple pieces would absolutely be high-waisted pants and high heels. I feel so confident and I feel like they accentuate my height and elongate my legs, which I think is very flattering and feminine. My go-to accessory would definitely be sunglasses. I feel like you can really tap into an individual's personality and style by looking at the sunglasses they choose to wear. For me, I always like to choose sunglasses that are unique and are statement pieces.
303: How has your culture and your upbringing affected what you do?
YI: My culture has really shaped the person I am today. It has given me a sense of identity and a way to represent myself. I identify my culture as being part of where my parents are from. My mother is from Montenegro and my father is Egyptian, but my culture is American primarily since I was born and raised in this country. It's so important to keep that sense of your identity. It really makes you value experiences and connections you make through it.
303: Denver is growing rapidly within its fashion scene. What are your favorite looks that the style and makeup industries that are happening in our city?
YI: One of my favorite looks within the style and makeup that I've seen in our city definitely has to be oversized jackets and over the knee boots and of course bold lips and a popping highlight.
303: Social media has been such an important tool for any modern freelance artist such as yourself. What is your advice for anyone who is looking to grow as a social media pioneer?
YI: You never know who's going to fall in love with your work and how many people can be inspired by your creations. It's so important to be consistent with your content and how often you're showcasing your work. Consistency and passion are key when growing your platform. Also, be yourself and express everything in your true image. Never be afraid to put your work out there and be proud of what you have to offer.
Photography By Danielle Webster
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) – The first flu-related death has been confirmed in Connecticut.
The death of the season was announced by the Connecticut Department of Public Health on its website during the week ending Dec. 2.
The person's identity has not been released, but we do know that they were older than 65-years-old.
The department's website tracks flu activity statewide.
Related Content: US flu season off to an early start; widespread in 7 states
Right now, the virus is regional, meaning there have been increases in confirmed flu cases in at least two but less than half of the regions in the state.
Experts are warning the vaccine may only be around 10% effective. That's based on the data gathered in Australia.
Those most at risk are young children, older adults and people with compromised immune systems.
Infectious Disease Specialist Dr. Rick Martinello at Yale New Haven Hospital says, “If somebody is coughing and sneezing, I think not only covering up but turning your head away from others who maybe in the area is really important. The flu is a serious disease. Luckily, most people who get sick with it will do okay.”
Related Content: Flu cases rising; DPH upgrades category to ‘regional'
Dr. Martinello says the flu shot may not be as effective as in years past, but getting it minimizes the severity of the symptoms.
It's recommended for most everyone six months and older.
Another reminder from Dr. Martinello is to wash those hands frequently.
And finally, if you can, stay at home if you're sick.
FILE PHOTO: Anies Baswedan (R), a candidate in the running to lead the Indonesian capital Jakarta, and his deputy Sandiaga Uno stand in front of their supporters during campaigning in Jakarta, Indonesia, February 5, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/M Agung Rajasa/ via REUTERS
Jakarta's Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, also known as Ahok, walks inside the courtroom as arrives for his blasphemy trial at the auditorium of the Agriculture Ministry, in Jakarta, Indonesia, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
JAKARTA The Christian governor of Jakarta, Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, and his Muslim opponent are neck and neck in the race to lead Indonesia's capital, an opinion poll showed on Wednesday, a week ahead of the hard fought vote.
The election campaign - which has been among the most divisive in the city's history - has been marred by religious and ethnic tension over the blasphemy trial of the incumbent Purnama, who is accused of insulting Islam.
Purnama was on 46.9 percent of the sample vote, trailing his rival Anies Baswedan by 1 percentage point in one of the first opinion polls published since the two candidates made it through a first round election in mid-February.
A candidate needs a simple majority to win.
Pollster Saiful Mujani Research Center (SMRC) said the survey of 800 respondents showed Baswedan enjoyed support primarily because of his Islamic faith, while Purnama was popular due to his record in office.
Nearly 90 percent of Indonesia's 250 million population is Muslim, but the country recognizes six religions and is home to sizeable communities of Christians, Hindus and those adhering to traditional beliefs.
The state ideology, Pancasila, enshrines religious diversity in an officially secular system.
Purnama, who is Jakarta's first ethnic Chinese and Christian governor, offended Muslim groups when he made comments last year about his opponents' use of the Islamic holy book, the Koran, in political campaigning.
Since then, Muslims, led by hardline groups, have held mass rallies to call for Purnama to be sacked, and to urge voters not to elect a non-Muslim. The rallies have raised concerns about growing religious intolerance in the world's largest Muslim-majority nation.
Purnama has apologised for his comments and denied any wrongdoing. He faces up to four years in prison if found guilty.
Judges hearing the case decided this week to adjourn the trial until after voting day, after police and prosecutors asked for a delay because of security concerns.
(Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Ed Davies and Clarence Fernandez)
The state's premiere historic preservation organization announced earlier this month that it was adding three historic sites to its ongoing Colorado's Most Endangered Places Program, while two sites are coming off the list because they're considered saved.
Colorado Preservation, Inc., founded in 1984, has produced the annual list since 1997, and this year unveiled the updates while also marking the 20th anniversary of the organization's Saving Places Conference, the largest statewide historic preservation conference in the country. The Most Endangered Places program is intended to draw awareness and assistance to historically significant sites in the state that are in danger of disappearing.
Jennifer Orrigo Charles, Colorado Preservation, Inc.'s executive director, announced the three new sites at the program's annual luncheon on Feb. 2 at the Colorado Convention Center. The sites include the World's Wonder View Tower, dating to 1926, along Interstate 70 in Genoa in Lincoln County; the historic buildings on Raymer's Centre Avenue in Weld County, some dating back to the late 19th century; and Temple Aaron, built in 1889 in Trinidad in Las Animas County, considered the oldest continually operating synagogue in the same location in Colorado.
She also reported that two properties have been saved: the 1909 Hugo Roundhouse in Hugo in Lincoln County; and Native American Wickiups, which have been listed and documented by preservationists and archeologists in locations around the state as part of the Native American Arboreal Wickiup and Teepee Sites project.
In its 20 years, the Most Endangered Places program has featured 113 historic sites across the state — with locations in 49 of Colorado's 64 counties — and counts 41 of them as saved. Only six of the sites have been considered lost, organizers said.
Preservationists have high hopes for the World's Wonder View Tower, for instance. Built in 1926 as a roadhouse, café and filling station for travelers becoming acquainted with the newfangled automobiles, when the tower was completed it would be known as the highest between New York City and the Rocky Mountains, a distinction confirmed by the U.S. Geological Survey. The tower landed in the 1933 edition of Ripley's Believe It or Not because observers were supposed to be able to see six states from atop the tower — Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota, Wyoming and New Mexico. It closed in 2013 and has been vacant since but was purchased last year by Colorado residents who plan to rehabilitate it and reopen the site.
Learn more about the sites on Colorado's Most Endangered Places list at http://coloradopreservation.org/programs/endangeredplaces/ and plan a self-guided road trip to sites at http://coloradopreservation.org/programs/endangered-places/on-the-road-with-colorados-most-endangered-places/
— ernest@coloradostatesman.com
By Abby Hassler
Twitter is currently ablaze with fan theories that Beyoncé in currently in labor. While most fans know that Queen Bey and Jay-Z should be expecting their twins any day now, The Shade Room shared an anonymous tip alleging the couple was spotted at a Los Angeles Hospital yesterday (June 13).
Related: Beyoncé Looks Magnificent at African-Themed Baby Shower
“Beyonce's security was seen leaving her Beverly Hills home this morning carrying two baby seats to a hospital in West LA,” the insider confirmed to Hollywood Life . “Bey and Jay's large security team, including three well-staffed Escalades, are now waiting outside the hospital for the arrival of the twins.”
Since yesterday, multiple sources have confirmed to Us Weekly that there is significant security presence at a L.A. hospital, which further solidifies the labor rumors.
Whether or not she actually is in labor, her supporters are certainly having fun speculating about the possibility.
Check out the fantastic BeyHive responses to the labor rumors below.
Reports are surfacing that @Beyonce could be in labor right now 😭 https://t.co/GteJxtSuI5 —
Juan Hustle (@JuanHustle) June 14, 2017
ppl are saying bey is in labor!!! god bless!!! #BeyHiveSupportsBeyonce https://t.co/bTGECl3p1e —
will see h! (@onairstyles) June 13, 2017
Beyoncé is in labor. the twins are on their way. https://t.co/mmLUfGeKaH —
justin lewis (@justinleewis) June 13, 2017
Beyoncé is in labor which means I'm in labor too sorry I can't study today I gotta lay in bed all day https://t.co/aPvqTzHX8A —
Luke (@LucaIdek) June 13, 2017
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police: Woman
allowed dog to roam
WICONISCO — State police at Lykens are investigating an incident involving confinement of a dog that occurred about 2:20 p.m. Thursday on South Street in Wiconisco Township, Dauphin County.
Police said Sandra Lee Posten, 60, of Lykens, allowed her dog to escape her property and enter property owned by a 55-year-old Klingerstown man.
Police investigate
gift card scam
REEDSVILLE — State police at Schuylkill Haven are investigating a theft that happened to a Wayne Township resident between May 15 and June 2.
Police said someone sent an email to the woman to see if she would like to be a Wal-Mart Secret Shopper to which the woman inquired and was promised between $450 and $900 a month to shop.
The woman was sent an assignment via the United States Postal Service that included a check for $2,970 with instructions to keep $450 and use the remaining amount to purchase Wal-Mart gift cards, photograph the security numbers and email the pictures, police said.
The woman purchased gift cards in $500 increments and sent in pictures of the cards and two days later received another package from the same sender with a check from a different bank and the same instructions, police said.
Police said the woman purchased additional gift cards and sent in the photographs but the following day the first check was returned because it was on a closed account.
By this time, police said, the gift cards had already been purchased and drained of the money.
Anyone with information is asked to call Trooper Daniel Hillbish at 570-739-1330 and refer to incident PA2016-608557.
State police probe
sexual assaults
LYKENS — State police at Lykens are investigating two sexual assault incidents that occurred recently in their Dauphin County coverage area.
The first incident happened in March in Halifax Township, where police said there was a report of an alleged attempted rape and sexual assault involving a 6-year-old girl.
Then, about 3 a.m. June 2, police said they received a report of an alleged sexual assault of a 32-year-old Elizabethville woman in Lykens Township.
Both incidents are under investigation, police said.
Woman injured
in 1-vehicle crash
Pottsville police investigated a crash with injuries that was reported about 10:30 a.m. Monday at Route 61 and Mill Creek Avenue.
Police said the crash occurred as Susan Marion Tanner-Rochford, 34, of Port Carbon, was driving a 2002 Pontiac Grand Prix south on Route 61 approaching the intersection when she swerved to the right, jumped the curb and struck the steel Pottsville Diner sign pole.
Tanner-Rochford had obvious facial injuries and was taken by ambulance to a local hospital for treatment.
Police said the woman reported losing her brakes completely and swerving to the right to avoid hitting anyone.
The investigation is continuing by Patrolman James Englert and will include a mechanical inspection and proof of ownership of the vehicle and documentation of the driver.
Hayward needs more time for recovery as this might cause problems for the Boston Celtics
Published 11:04 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Boston Celtics have been one of the NBA's most resilient teams. Led by newly-acquired superstar Kyrie Irving, Beantown has shot out like a cannon to an Eastern Conference-best 23-5 (82.1%) record. The Houston Rockets (20-4) are first in the league only because they have a higher winning percentage (83.3%) at four fewer games played.
After the first game of the season, however, this masterful run orchestrated by coaching prodigy Brad Stevens was completely inconceivable. Almost two months ago, the league got its first major headline after its other newly-acquired superstar Gordon Hayward snapped his left leg very early into the first quarter of their very first game. Immediately, the storyline of what would have been a heated matchup between Irving and former teammate LeBron James died down in a horrible silence.
In the gaping hole suddenly left in their starting lineup, Boston was forced to fill in 2016 3rd overall pick Jayson Tatum as Hayward's substitute, with 2015 3rd overall pick Jaylen Brown helping him out by his side. This turned out to be a blessing in disguise as both Tatum and Brown meshed marvelously with Irving and star center Al Horford.
In 28 games played so far, Tatum has made a strong case for the NBA All-Rookie First Team with averages of 14.1 points and 5.5 rebounds a game on a stellar 51% field goal percentage and 52% on 3-pointers. His 52% 3-PT percentage is first in the league (min. 40 3PTs made) and far ahead of his competitors like Klay Thompson (47%) and Steph Curry (38%).
Brown meanwhile, has been rolling as a permanent starter, averaging 14.7 points and 5.8 rebounds on 47% shooting and 39% from three. Last year as a rookie coming off the bench, he only averaged 6.6 points and 2.8 boards in 78 games.
With the Celitcs now firmly entrenched in the playoff picture and emerging as a serious Finals contender, reports have been popping up entertaining the prospect of Hayward returning deep into the postseason.
However, that may just create more problems rather than solving them.
For one, the Celtics are doing really fine without him. Aside from the obvious statistic of 23 wins in 28 games, they are also 1st in the league in Defensive Rating, 12th in Offensive Rating and 3rd in Player Impact Estimate (percentage showing how much of a positive or negative impact the players have on a game).
They run the 6th slowest offense in the league, a trait usually reserved for older and more mature teams like the San Antonio Spurs (2nd slowest in pace). In contrast, the three fastest (and youngest) teams in the league are the Los Angeles Lakers, Phoenix Suns and Brooklyn Nets, who have a mediocre combined win-loss record of 39-53. Basically, the Celtics are one of the most mature and disciplined teams in the league despite being the 5th-youngest team with an average player age of 24.4 years old. In comparison, fellow Finals contenders Cleveland (30.1) and Golden State (27.9) are the league's oldest and 3rd-oldest teams, respectively.
Second and most importantly, Hayward would put himself at serious risk of aggravating his injury with a rushed return, especially in a heated series like the playoffs. With the level of advanced medical technology the league is employing and enjoying nowadays, team doctors have been more careful than ever in dealing with injuries. Young stars like Chicago's Zach LaVine and Milwaukee's Jabari Parker have seen extended absences after being advertised for on-court returns this year. Even completely healthy megastars like LeBron James and Kevin Durant have been given periodic full-game rests especially when playing against lower-ranked teams.
Aside from having to make major revisions to their mastered game plan and minutes distribution, Hayward would also need some time to get back into a groove and mesh with his new teammates, which in turn raises a whole new array of questions. Can Tatum effectively play power forward? Can Tatum, Brown or even Hayward himself excel off the bench in limited time? Can Irving's deadly but ball-dominant style of offense endure a major reduction of ball-handling time? Can the team as a whole make adjustments on the fly in the most crucial period of the year while also considering that Hayward is not at full strength?
Playoff time is not practice time. A single loss at the highest level of competition can prove to be devastating and momentum-shifting. The best example of this would be the 2016 NBA Finals, where the Golden State Warriors blew a 3-1 lead and a 73-9 season after the eventual champion Cleveland Cavaliers slowly ate up their momentum at the last possible moments.
Like Kyrie Irving, Gordon Hayward is one of the franchise's most prized pieces in building a potential young dynasty of Finals contenders. The Boston Celtics, led by Brad Stevens and General Manager Danny Ainge, are masters of long-term planning. Acquiring Tatum and Brown as consecutive top-three picks despite still being a playoff contender is the best product of this years-long scale of management. In this perspective, one complete season of rest for Hayward is way more valuable than a two-week trial period.
The 18th banner may not come this season, but it's for the best, and Boston knows all about being the best. – Rappler.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was one thing about Ottawa that surprised me as we travelled around. Oh my, there were a lot of buses.
Double-decker buses as well, just like in Cambridge. They realised that the biggest problem with buses was general traffic, so they build a completely separate bus rapid transit system using completely separate dedicated rights of way, just like in Cambridge.
These transit-ways looked like normal roads, with no concrete 'rails' at all. In fact, at one point I saw an ambulance quickly speeding past along the bus-only road.
The stations also looked like, err, stations, with buildings, covered waiting areas, and connections to local services. Not a glorified bus stop. Although cycle parking was a little 'limited'.
But Ottawa has been experiencing a problem. Congestion.
Yes, the transit ways have allowed the buses to go past all the stationary traffic on the roads, but then they pop out into downtown traffic.
The two main roads through town, Albert to the west and Slater to the east, are just normal city streets with a dedicated bus lane.
So obviously, the buses don't get stuck in the congestion caused by people who still choose to drive. However, they do get stuck in congestion. Bus congestion.
This is basically what Cambridge will look like in a few years time. Changes to Milton Road were recently approved to have longer bus lanes, for up to 60 buses per hour.
Other roads will surely be next, with similar numbers along each axis. Add all those up, and you suddenly have 250 or even 300 buses an hour arriving in the city centre.
If you want to see what that is like, go to Ottawa and stand on Albert Street in the morning rush hour and then double the number of buses.
Thankfully, Ottawa decided in 2012 to do something about it. No, they didn't decide to build more bus lanes and make cycling worse. They decided to build an underground tunnel to move all the people on those buses into and through the city centre. And no, they didn't decide that those people would still use buses in that tunnel.
They actually made a courageous decision. They decided to build an electric railway, under the city centre, and force everybody to change from their buses with their nice comfy warm seats, to wait in the cold snowy weather for a train that would take them the rest of the way.
Okay, let me clarify.
They are building a relatively short train line, that goes from one side of the city, via the intercity train station which is remote from the city centre, under the city centre streets, and then back out the other side.
At each end, Tunney's Pasture and Blair, buses to the west and east will drop off every passenger and every passenger will get onto the train. 600 people per train will then be whisked underground to the city centre. Buses from the north connect at Pimisi, and to the south at Hurdman. But the number of buses in the city centre will drop significantly.
Oh, and it will be quicker. A train every five minutes going under the city centre will still be faster, even with the transfer, than going on the bus all the way along congested bus lanes. And they will have more space on the surface for segregated cycle lanes.
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Southampton lost its third English Premier League game in six days after conceding three late goals in a 3-0 defeat at Everton on Monday.
On-loan striker Enner Valencia made a game-changing substitute appearance at Goodison Park.
The Ecuador international came off the bench to score the 73rd-minute opener and then won a penalty that allowed Leighton Baines to double the lead. Romelu Lukaku gave the scoreline a flattering appearance with his team's third.
Midtable Southampton will want to forget this festive period after losing 4-1 to Tottenham on Wednesday and 2-1 to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
The game seemed to be meandering toward a dull draw until Valencia's introduction on the hour by Everton manager Ronald Koeman. Valencia injected life into the game and produced the breakthrough, although Lukaku had a key role.
Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster did well to stop the Belgium international's powerful close-range header but the striker deflected the rebound to his teammate who scrambled home.
After Valencia was fouled by Maya Yoshida, Baines converted from the penalty spot in the 81st and Lukaku grabbed his second in three games in the 89th to make it seven points from nine over the Christmas period.
The results kept seventh-placed Everton firmly in the race for European football next season.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Good God, Twitter is a constant source of news and drama. This bit of news generated after former KKK grand poo-ba David Duke tried to shame Chris Evens, the actor that plays Captain America by suggesting that he “hates” the women of his own race.
Why does Chris Evans, who plays the Jewish inspired superhero, Captain America, hate the women of his people so much? #WhiteGenocide pic.twitter.com/nGjlf42wkG — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) February 12, 2017
What. The. Cuss. White genocide? REALLY?
Chris Evens checked him, though.
I don't hate them. That's YOUR method. I love. Try it. It's stronger than hate. It unites us. I promise it's in you under the anger and fear https://t.co/RGnH4rrblq — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) February 13, 2017
It's astounding that this “man” was able to successfully continue a life in politics even though he said things like this.
Kudos to Chris Evans for shutting that mess down.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Press Release- The SLNCA will be hosting the 7th round match between the Windward Islands Volcanoes and Jamaica Scorpions in the CWI Regional 4 day Championship. The match which will be a day/night fixture will bowl off from 2pm this coming Thursday.
In an effort to increase spectator support for the match, the SLNCA has made entry for all national players free. The Association has also extended the courtesy to spouses or partners accompanying national players. Children under 12 attending the match will enter free. Entry charge to the match will be $10 daily.
As I watched the breaking news report about a Riverside, CA couple at the center of a murder-suicide that left a teacher and eight-year-old dead, a Facebook friend of mine sent me a video of 50 Cent punching a woman in the audience. Feeling a bit abashed (or more likely worried about a lawsuit), invited her on stage to twerk for him and his buddies. After the punch, she happily obliged.
Now we can call this woman a fool for not protesting her mistreatment and carrying on as if nothing happened, but the fact of the matter is, black women and girls endure this every.single.day. Getting verbally and emotionally assaulted is a regular Tuesday for them. And that's why, although terrible, no one is really that surprised anymore that so many black women are abused in this way.
In an article published April 11 on NBC News:
African-American women only make up about 13 percent of U.S. women, but comprise about half of female homicide victims — the majority of whom were killed by current or former boyfriends or husbands. According to Justice Bureau statistics, African-American women are victimized by domestic violence at rates about 35 percent higher than white women. “Black women are really impacted around violence as a whole, where we're talking about domestic violence, trafficking, or sexual violence,” said Turner-Allen. “The numbers skew very high.”
Karen Allen, the victim of the murder suicide, has a surprising tie to Tim Alexander, the filmmaker of Diary of a Mad Black Man and one-time producer of Tommy Sotomayor's yet-to-be released Fatherless America boondoggle. Rumors have it that duo split after Sotomayor came home early from a trip to find his girlfriend performing a sexual act on Tim.
I suppose Mr. Alexander has learned the error of his ways and has once again remarried and present himself to be a lot less antagonistic against black women and advocates “Christ-centered” relationship coaching. Oh…did we mention that Cedric Anderson, the “sanctified” killer of his innocent wife, officiated over Tim's second marriage. Uhmm….kay.
In full disclosure, I worked with Tim Alexander briefly in 2010 for No Wedding No Womb, and I deeply regret doing so. The depths of this man's misogyny could fill a black hole.
Black Women Often IGNORE Previous Bad Acts, and Pray for the Best
Take a look at Cedric Anderson's criminal history:
Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said Cedric Anderson had a criminal history, including arrests for domestic violence, theft, and weapons charges, but was never convicted. Burguan said he was not able to provide specifics about those cases. He said the criminal history preceded his relationship with Karen Smith. Anderson was arrested in Los Angeles County in 2013 and charged with brandishing a weapon, assault and battery and disturbing the peace, court records show. The case was dismissed in 2014. Further details about the incident that led to the charges and why the case was not prosecuted were not immediately available. He was also arrested in 1993 in Kern County, California, on charges of battery with serious bodily injury and battery on a person, but that case was also dismissed. [SOURCE]
Listen, ladies. It costs $20 to get a background check on a potential romantic partner. Unless there's an arrest for protesting crimes against innocents, ANY crime or arrest should disqualify a potential mate–especially arrests related to domestic violence and assaults. Hell–if the onus is on black women to “choose better” and we are often blamed for the failings in a relationship and even our own assaults and murders, we simply can't afford to give men like this of any race that kind of benefit of the doubt.
It's unfortunate that the black community (with the blessing of the black church) reinforces the notion that black women should forgive and give multiple chances to men who are unworthy. Many times, if a woman goes to a pastor for help, they discourage any legal action be taken. This revolving door of sanctioned abuse against black women must stop, but it HAS to start with US. It's time for a reeducation of what black women SHOULD expect from loving partners. Punching, beating, emotional and physical abuse is NOT love.
Part of the mission of our anti-defamation organization is to teach black women about healthy relationships and prioritizing their emotional and personal safety. Black women were put on earth for more than to just endure. We are put here to THRIVE. Click here to find out how you can help.
HONG KONG (AP) — The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a look at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
___
JAPAN:
Advertisement
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
“There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360,” said Glucksmann. “It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it.”
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
“You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan,” said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. “So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market.”
___
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a “Ponzi scheme” and say they are mulling a ban.
“We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies,” said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairman at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. “The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme.”
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 percent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
___
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 percent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centers taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to “mine” new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. He estimates there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 percent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
“For them it's a way to make money,” he said. “They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China.”
___
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesman Agusman Zainal said more a “assertive rule” on virtual currencies is planned.
He said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
“In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment,” Zainal said. “The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection.”
____
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
One person was stabbed Wednesday near Lake Thunderbird, Norman police said.
The stabbing happened in the 10100 block of E Tecumseh Road.
Police said the incident appears to be domestic-related.
The victim suffered minor injuries and the suspect has been taken into custody, police said.
The suspect has not been identified.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more details as they become available.
Kenilworth Lions have donated £600 to help improve a Kenilworth health centre's walking scheme.
The donation will allow members of ‘Walking for Health', a scheme launched by Abbey Medical Centre in March to encourage people to get active, to have a regular room at the Kenilworth Centre over the next year where they can have a cup of tea and a chat.
The group had used the centre before, but it would not have been able to continue to use it as the group has very little money of its own.
Clive Reynolds, a member of Abbey's Patient Participation Group, says: “I know we won't be able to build this scheme as we plan without the continued use of the Kenilworth Centre, so we are extremely grateful for the Kenilworth Lions' financial support.
“We have acquired a core group of regulars who make sure they finish off the walk with gossip and laughter over a cup of tea – even to the extent of coming to the Kenilworth Centre when they haven't been able to make it for the walk.”
Walks take place every Friday at 12.30pm, leaving from Abbey Medical Centre in Station Road. It is open to all residents of Kenilworth plus visiting family and friends, and caters for all levels of fitness and mobility. For further details, contact Clive Reynolds on 07966 371732, email clivelynn7@gmail.com, or pick up a registration form from the surgery reception.
Hey, Bud! When is the Parker County Peach Festival?
—First-time caller, longtime reader
Weatherford's annual celebration of the peach crop lasts only one day, mostly because that's how fast the peaches sell. Go early at — if you can, at 8 a. m. This year's version is July 14, with peach vendors, peach pies, peach shakes, peach smoothies and everything else peachy, plus music, crafts and vendors around the square.
Hey, Bud! I just went to the Star Cafe. I had a chicken-fried steak and my buddy had a cheeseburger. They have upped their game. I don't remember seeing a review?
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
—Terry, Fort Worth
That's probably because the Star Cafe opened in 1980, serving simple grilled steaks, thick burgers and one of Fort Worth's all-time favorite chicken-fried steaks. Glad to hear it's updated — I'll go by and take a look. The hours recently changed — the Star now serves lunch and dinner daily except Monday, so go for Sunday lunch or weeknight dinner.
Hey, Bud! We went to Fork in the Road for biscuits and the butter was too cold to melt. They didn't have honey or molasses. How could you recommend this place?
—Arlington diner
I don't think I said anything about honey or molasses. Fork in the Road makes good biscuits to serve with breakfast platters and sandwiches, but the breakfast menu is just getting started. Urban Alchemy has Arlington's most talked-about biscuits, but they come with jelly and marmalade. Arlington has a lot of great breakfast cafes — OIdwest, Pioneer, Good Day, Division Street Diner and more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the second summer in succession Cheltenham Town face a battle to retain the services of Harry Pell.
A rival League Two clubs are keen to sign the 26-year-old, who was close to joining Blackpool in a £200,000 move last August.
On that occasion the Robins accepted the bid, but with a two year deal on the table Pell failed to agree personal terms with the newly-promoted League One side.
He missed the first game of this season, a 2-1 defeat at Morecambe, due to the proposed switch to Bloomfield Road.
But he returned as a substitute to help Cheltenham knock League One Oxford United out of the Carabao Cup at the Kassam Stadium three days later.
Chesterfield were also keen on the 6ft 5in midfielder last summer, but a different club from the fourth tier have now made an approach to capture his signature ahead of 2018/19.
Pell signed a two-and-a-half year contract extension in January 2017, keeping him at Whaddon Road until the end of next season.
He joined Cheltenham ahead of their National League title winning campaign of 2015/16, instantly becoming a fans' favourite and he has made more than 120 starts for the club.
Born in Essex, Pell started out in the youth set-up at Charlton Athletic before spells at Bristol Rovers, Hereford, AFC Wimbledon and Eastleigh.
A specialist central midfielder, Pell has also been used as a wide forward and a central striker in his three years with the Robins.
He has scored three goals in his last five games, including a brace in the 5-3 win at Crawley Town on March 24.
But he missed Saturday's 4-3 defeat at Cambridge United after having two wisdom teeth removed.
When he is on song he is undoubtedly one of Cheltenham's most influential players, regularly catching the eye of opposition managers and fans alike.
An Earth Day cleanup hit a snag over the weekend. One woman told Cayman 27 she and other volunteers found a marked beach access on Old Prospect Road blocked with a concrete wall.
It's the same spot where last year, a security company was hired to fence off the access due in part to concerns of drug use.
“Up until recently I was one of those who silently like, just read the posts, I didn't think it affected me per-se,” said Sarah Bushea.
She said after coming across obstructed access during her company's earth Day cleanup, that all changed.
“Upon coming down this path then we realized that it's not really a beach access because of this wall, so it's quite disheartening to see that, and I decided that, you know, it should be recorded so that somebody could do something about it,” said Ms. Bushea.
She took her frustrations to social media in a video post.
“There are some blocks here, I guess you are supposed to climb up on top of these,” she said in the video.
Last October, the same beach access made headlines after a security firm was hired to erect a fence, in part due to concerns of drug use and other illegal behavior.
Ms. Bushea said that's not justification to block the access for all.
“If there is something that is of that nature that is pestering the community, the best thing to do is to reach out to the local enforcement, and not to block everyone because when you try to block a small amount of persons, we're doing something criminal, you were also blocking the majority of the public who are not criminals and just want to enjoy our, you know rights to the beach..
She urged beach lovers not to take their access rights for granted.
“If we allow this to continue one by one, sooner or later the beach access for us will be at a minimum, and we don't want it to where it is like we have to take desperate measures to just get what's rightfully ours.
This particular beach access is included in the behemoth 1,174 page comprehensive beach access report as PP4, a public right of way marked with signage, and without obstruction.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Elections supervisor Wesley Howell says he's expecting a record number of candidates to contest 2017 elections and adds he expects record voter turnout on May 24th.
Mr Howell predicts anywhere from 8 to 10 candidates per district and says his staff is ready for the growing numbers.
“We have increased the number of polling staff to keep up with our new voters list numbers to ensure the polls run smoothly on polling day so we have already ramped up in terms of logistics of polling 19 electoral districts as opposed to six in the past,” Mr Howell said.
Mr Howell says his office kicked off their polling day training yesterday and they will be ready for duties on May 24th.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
TORONTO, March 31 Canada's main stock index opened lower on Friday as financial stocks and railway companies led the declines.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 19.70 points, or 0.13 percent, at 15,559.06 shortly after the open. Seven of the index's 10 main groups were in negative territory. (Reporting by Solarina Ho)
C.M. Russell's art studio is listed as a National Historic Landmark and really a piece of living history.
For over a year this studio has undergone some huge renovations. Things like the grout in the chimney, the roof and many of the logs have been replaced and refinished. Because C.M. Russell is such a huge part of our local history there's been a lot support from the community. Charlie Russell created some of his iconic artwork...the studio has been home to many of his pieces. Some of two-thousand paintings and sculptures.
"We're very fortunate to received support from the E.L. Wiegand foundation and the Bertha Feaster estate so we were able to get all of the conservation work done. People can come in and see more of a living history of what Charlie was doing doing how he was used the studio and really the different phases of his career as an artist"
Kornick said part of future plans is to bring in more educational opportunities for budding artists and schools.
Doors to the studio are now open. Emily Wilson the assistant curator said this is a great way to understand both the creative process of Russell's art and the person. The museum sees this studio as an opportunity for budding artists to get inspiration with in these walls.
Kornick said this is important to Montanans, lovers of his art, and future artists to see and be a part of the history that great falls holds from Charlie Russell.
× Police Searching for ‘Cowboy' in Attempted Homicide Investigation
PLYMOUTH, Pa. — A man dressed in cowboy attire forced a man out of a second-story window during a confrontation over the weekend, according to police.
An attempted homicide investigation is underway in Plymouth after authorities say an intruder dressed as a cowboy forced a resident out of a window of his second-story apartment.
The victim's girlfriend told police that her boyfriend recently purchased marijuana from the suspect, who is currently on the loose.
The second-story window on the 100 block of East Main Street in Plymouth is still open a few days after police say a man was forced through the window and smacked the sidewalk below.
“When I looked, there was a guy right between the door and the sidewalk, laying down, not moving at all,” Nicholas Mavronas recalled.
Police say the victim, Alvey Zielinski, 48, was in the bathroom of his second-floor apartment shortly before 7 p.m. Saturday. In the ensuing moments, the victim's girlfriend told police a man dressed as a cowboy broke into the place, then forced his way into the bathroom. She heard loud noises and saw the suspect leave the bathroom, but Zielinski did not.
Investigators say during the confrontation, Zielinski was forced out of the window.
She later admitted to authorities that her boyfriend obtained marijuana from the suspect in the days leading up to the incident.
Residents of a senior-living facility across the street tell Newswatch 16 that as news of the situation spread, people started filing out of the complex.
“There was a lot of people around. And the cops were here from like 7 o'clock to 9 o'clock at night. I thought that was pretty unusual,” Clarence Hopkins said.
The victim was taken to the hospital but his status is currently unknown. Police have not yet identified the intruder, but court papers indicate this is an attempted homicide investigation.
The roaring cheers and screams at Jingle Ball grew louder and louder as performers hit the stage, from Ed Sheeran to Sam Smith to Demi Lovato, The Associated Press reports.
But when Taylor Swift entered Madison Square Garden on Friday night, the noise easily hit its peak.
Swift closed the nearly five-hour concert in Manhattan, strutting from left to right as she sang “Shake It Off,” “Blank Space” and the latest hits off her new album, “reputation.”
Even the sound of her name earned screeching cheers, as iHeartRadio and FM station “Z-100” teased the performance throughout the night.
“Well, thank you New York,” she yelled after she kicked off her set with the thumping “ . . . Ready for It?”
The venue, full of teenagers, their parents and the in-between, transformed into a colorful dance party when Swift sang “Shake It Off.” She closed the night with “Look What You Made Me Do,” performing dance moves in a loose black top, black shorts and blonde bangs.
Sheeran — who joined Swift onstage for the new song “End Game” — kicked off the concert by strumming his guitar, and belting hits like “Shape of You,” “Thinking Out Loud” and “Perfect.”
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The rapper Logic, who recently received two Grammy nominations, was also a fan favorite: the audience was energetic when he performed “1-800-273-8255,” the suicide-prevention anthem that recently peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Smith, who slowed things down during the mostly high-energy show, was a vocal powerhouse, while Lovato was in fine form, especially during “Tell Me You Love Me” and “Sorry Not Sorry.” Others who dominated with radio hits this year performed Friday, including Halsey, Julia Michaels, Charlie Puth and the Chainsmokers.
Jingle Ball also became a stage for already-known singers showcasing their solo chops: One Direction's Niall Horan, who launched a No. 1 album this year, was a highlight during “Too Much To Ask” and “Slow Hands”; his former band mate, Liam Payne, won over the audience during “Strip That Down”; and ex-Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello, whose song “Havana” is No. 2 on the Hot 100, performed excitedly.
Fall Out Boy and the rising boy band Why Don't We also performed.
LAKE WACCAMAW — East Bladen found itself in an early 20-point hole it couldn't climb out of, and a late rally came up short as the Eagles lost a Three Rivers Conference tilt at East Columbus, 61-51.
The loss drops East Bladen to 5-16 overall, 3-13 in the conference.
The Gators opened the game with a 15-6 run through the first quarter as the Eagles hit just two shots — three-pointers by Messiah Leach and Sincere Smith.
East Columbus continued its hot hand in the second stanza, draining four three-pointers and outscoring the visitors by a 21-10 margin and taking a 36-16 advantage into halftime. Deondre Newkirk canned a three-pointer for East Bladen in the quarter.
Smith erupted for nine points in the third quarter, including a three-pointer, and Adonis Avery contributed a three-pointer for East Bladen as the Eagles outscored the Gators by a 24-14 verdict and whittled the deficit down to 50-34.
East Bladen's comeback try continued into the fourth frame, as Newkirk and Avery each hit another three-pointer, but the rally ran out of time. The Eagles outscored East Columbus 17-11 down the stretch.
Smith led East Bladen with 16 points, while Newkirk added 10 points and Avery contributed 10 points.
The Eagles will host South Robeson on Tuesday in a conference game at 8 p.m.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Damian Lillard says Portland's current streak is more about the Blazers than their opponents.
Lillard had 24 points, eight assists and seven rebounds, and the Blazers beat the Detroit Pistons 100-87 on Saturday night for their 12th straight victory.
"During this entire run a lot of the things we've done have been about us," Lillard said. "Us communicating, being on the string defensively, locking into the scouting report and knowing what hurt us the last time we played these teams, and also trusting each other on offense, and making other teams have to work to stop us instead of being easy to guard."
CJ McCollum added 16 points for the Blazers, who have the longest current winning streak in the league. It's the longest streak for the franchise since it won 13 in a row in December 2007.
Portland (43-26) also earned its season-best ninth straight home win - a timely streak as it tries to hold on to third place in the Western Conference standings.
While the Blazers are soaring, the Pistons are struggling.
Andre Drummond had 18 points and 22 rebounds in Detroit's 12th consecutive road loss. Blake Griffin had 15 points.
The Pistons (30-39) have dropped eight of 10 overall, and currently sit in ninth place in the East.
Coach Stan Van Gundy was fuming after the game about the officiating.
"They held and grabbed on every play and they got away with fouls all over the place. We got absolutely screwed all night," Van Gundy said. "Luke (Kennard) makes a back cut to the basket on an out-of-bounds play, gets knocked down, they end up with two points on the other end. Blake has two straight drives in the fourth that he gets hammered on. He gets screwed twice."
While Van Gundy said he didn't want to take anything away from the Blazers, he said the officiating made their defense look good. He called the game embarrassing for the league.
"I've been here for four years and many more years before that and I've never come in after a game, never, never come in after a game and talked like this. That was embarrassing," he said.
The Pistons trailed by as many as 19 points in the third quarter, but they closed to 84-74 on Stanley Johnson's dunk with 8:18 left. Evan Turner responded with a jumper for the Blazers.
After Kennard was whistled for a technical foul, Lillard made a foul shot and McCollum converted a layup to make it 89-74 with 6:19 remaining.
Kennard was a game-time decision with a tight hamstring, but he finished with 12 points.
Blazers center Jusuf Nurkic got two quick fouls within the first four minutes of the game, so he was replaced by Meyers Leonard. Portland went up 20-9 early.
The Blazers led 60-45 at the break. Lillard led all scorers with 12 points.
After extending the lead in the third quarter, Lillard went to the bench to start the fourth and it looked as if he might be done for the night. But he returned when Detroit got within 10 points.
"We're grown men," Johnson said. "We grab and hold just like they grab and hold. At the end of the day it is what it is. You can't go back and change stuff. You can't do anything about it. If that's the way they want to officiate the game, we gotta deal with it and try to maneuver the best we can."
TIP-INS
Pistons: It was the third of a six-game road trip. ... Forward/Center Eric Moreland played at Oregon State. ... Reggie Jackson, who has missed 35 games with a right ankle sprain, participated in a 3-on-3 optional practice earlier this week.
Trail Blazers: Terry Stotts tied Nate McMillan for third-most victories as a Blazers coach. Stotts is 266-213. ... The Blazers had lost five straight to the Pistons. ... All five of Portland's starters scored in double figures.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Visit the Sacramento Kings on Monday.
Trail Blazers: Visit the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday.
Asaram rape case: Heavy security in Jodhpur, Shahjahanpur ahead of verdict
To maintain law and order, city police is keeping a strict vigil on vehicles coming in and out, with a special eye on Gujarat-based vehicles.
SA Liberal frontbencher Rachel Sanderson is still waiting to see if she'll retain her seat.
SA Liberal frontbencher Rachel Sanderson is still waiting to see if she'll retain her seat.
A former Labor minister and a potential Liberal minister still face an uncertain future as counting continues in the South Australian election.
Liberal Rachel Sanderson, who is tipped to join Premier Steven Marshall's cabinet, is ahead by 539 votes in the battle to retain her seat of Adelaide with 76 per cent of the vote counted.
She has managed to claw her way back into the contest after trailing Labor's Jo Chapley by around 100 votes on Monday.
Ms Sanderson is expected move further ahead on postal and pre-poll votes but is yet to claim victory.
"Not having a definite outcome is certainly stressful but I am very hopeful that I will be part of a Marshall Liberal government," she said on her Facebook page.
"I am currently ahead in the count with many more to count."
While in the seat of Mawson, former Labor tourism minister Leon Bignell leads Liberal challenger Andy Gilfillan by 189 votes.
Mr Bignell faces a tough challenge to keep his seat after boundary redistribution turned it from a marginal Labor seat to marginally Liberal.
While he still leads, pre-poll and postal votes are expected to favour his opponent.
If Ms Sanderson holds on in Adelaide and Mr Bignell prevails in Mawson it will leave the new Liberal government with 25 seats of the 47 seats in the next parliament.
Labor will finish on 19 and there will be three independents.
In the upper house the Liberals look set to take three of the 11 seats up for grabs, Labor at least three with two going to Nick Xenophon's SA-BEST party and one to the Greens.
The remaining seat is expected to go to either Labor or the Australian Conservatives.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – A local dog rescue helped save nearly 90 dogs out of south Georgia Friday. Southern Souls Rescue teamed with seven other crews to find shelters for the furry friends. They now have 34 small-breed dogs who are in desperate need of a home. The owner of the rescue says this situation looked a lot like a puppy mill.
“These dogs are the best dogs I've ever seen come out of a situation like that. Yes, it definitely did turn into a hoarding situation because the lady was dying of cancer,” Nancy Kay, Owner of Southern Souls Rescue, said.
Nancy Kay said she got the call Thursday at noon. She, along with several other teams, traveled across Georgia to help nearly 90 dogs before they were put down. Kay said she had no idea what to expect.
“A lot of them had skin issues. Having been involved in other hoarding and puppy mill situations, these dogs were in good overall health,” Kay said.
She said only one dog had an injury, and unlike most puppy mill dogs, they aren't showing any aggression. She added the lady who originally had all the dogs called for help. She wanted to make sure the dogs went to a rescue so that they would be taken care of.
“The dogs were systematically brought out to the staging area. We got our vet, Dr. Cregory Cranford that used to be from Augusta. He did the vetting of the dogs as they came out,” Kay explained.
All 34 dogs need homes. Kay said she is also in desperate need of foster homes.
“We're still trying to sort through, really, the breeds we have because some of them do have skin issues or don't have hair. Some of them are mixed breed dogs, or what they consider designer breeds now, like these little Pomeranian Chihuahuas.This has been the most remarkable rescue I have ever done because of the way everybody came together and worked together to get all of these dogs out of this place in one day,” Kay said.
You can take one of those furry friends home with you today. It's only $175, and that includes all of the shots and spaying or neutering.
Contact the rescue: (706) 556-9009 or on Facebook.
Wester Vet Clinic in Thomson is accepting donations. Their phone number is (706) 597-9200.
Esther R. Kenny, 92, Skidmore, died Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at Mosaic Life Care, St. Joseph.
Graveside services will be at 2 pm, Saturday, February 3 at Prairie Home Cemetery, Graham.
Online condolences may be left at pricefuneralhomemaryville.com.
Arrangements are under the directions of Price Funeral Home, Maryville.
The size of the Beyond Tablet (Beyond Screen) is large and the color is warm white, cyan and blue. There are five game maps that you put on top of the tablet to play.
There are two games that play sounds, and you have to listen and remember it. There are two other games about music. In the last one, you touch the circle to spin it, and it chooses categories such as science, social studies, art, music and more. Then it asks you a question about the topic, and if you answer it right, you get a star.
The Beyond Tablet was really fun and exciting. It was really big, and that's what I liked. It was also a little heavy, but I was OK with it. Out of the five game maps, I like the one in which you had to answer questions about science, social studies and more. Also I liked that all games except two had four players, so all of us could play — my mom, stepdad, brother and I.
Ages: 8 and older
Rating: 5 smiles out of 5
Hamilton Police are reminding drivers "to put down their mobile devices while they're operating a motor vehicle" after a vehicle driven by a distracted driver collided a police van.
The police officers received minor injuries and the driver of the automobile was unharmed. A 28-year-old man has been charged with careless driving under the Highway Traffic Act.
Police say shortly after 4:30 p.m. on Sunday a Toyota was travelling westbound on Cannon Street approaching Victoria Avenue North and went through a red light colliding with a "fully marked police van."
"Through investigation police learned the driver was distracted by his cellphone at the time of the collision," police say.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Hundreds of people from all walks of life turned out to protest a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, seeming to outnumber the attendees.
Opponents of the Saturday event that descended into chaos included clergy, students, Black Lives Matter activists, armed militia members and protesters with the anti-fascist movement known as “antifa.”
Local groups helped organize the opposition and bring out a crowd, but attendees came from out of state as well. The counter-protesting groups didn't organize collectively. Instead, it was a largely organic effort among groups who shared the same mission: showing that hate wasn't welcome.
They say they're devastated by the violence that left three people dead but vowed to protest again if white supremacists came back to town. Leaders of the white nationalist movement have pledged to hold more rallies in the near future.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© AFP 2017/ Lionel Bonaventure US Marines Pull Nude Photo Content From Facebook, Move it to Snapchat
According to a former employee, Spiegel said that he doesn't want the company to advance into "poor countries, such as India or Spain." Now thousands of users have uninstalled both the Snapchat messaging app, and a number of entirely unrelated apps, from their smartphones.
The anger-inducing remark was allegedly made back in 2015, but has only now come to light after a judge ruled that former employee Anthony Pompliano's lawsuit, filed earlier this year, could be made public.
"This app is only for rich people," Spiegel said, according to Pompliano. "I don't want to expand into poor countries like India and Spain."
The comment, included in the opened court documents, has sparked massive outrage in India. According to a report by the Daily Mail, a group of hackers-turned-internet-security-auditors leaked the data from 1.7 million accounts and published it for free on the dark web.
But the reaction didn't stop there. Users started uninstalling the Snapchat app, posting their reactions to social media. But it turned out many uninstalled the entirely unrelated app SnapDeal, as well.
SnapDeal is an online shopping company, based in New Delhi.
While offended Indian Snapchatters were dead serious in their posts, many observers found the whole thing hilarious.
Snapchat CEO called India a poor country for #Snapchat's expansion. Meanwhile this happened with Snapdeal. 😂😂😂😂 #boycottsnapchat pic.twitter.com/SBDdvFgQe9 — IMRAN KHAN (@imranmkkhan) 16 апреля 2017 г.
​"Patience. Some are uninstalling Snapdeal saying it's a 'sister company.' Wait till they realise their phones have Snapdragon processors," reads a tweet by user @Rajesh_088, referring to chips designed by US company Qualcomm.
@krazyfrog @srivatsayb Patience. Some are uninstalling Snapdeal saying it's a 'sister company.' Wait till they realise their phones have Snapdragon processors. :-) — Rajesh (@Rajesh_088) 16 апреля 2017 г.
​The lawsuit in question, filed by Pompliano, argues he had been abruptly fired after raising the issue of Snapchat's knowingly inflated performance metrics at a meeting with senior staff. According to Pompliano, Snapchat did this to deceive its investors.
The company subsequently sought to downplay Spiegel's alleged remark about expanding to new markets.
"Obviously Snapchat is for everyone! It's available worldwide to download for free," a company representative told Factor Daily, adding that the comments came from a "disgruntled former employee."
According to several media reports, there are about 4 million Snapchat users based in India.
Defence lawyers for comedian Bill Cosby have attacked the credibility of women who testified against him at his sexual assault trial, drawing a stern rebuke from prosecutors who said such shaming of victims was the reason women do not report sex crimes.
Cosby, the once-beloved comedian and TV dad, is on trial on three counts of aggravated indecent assault of Andrea Constand, 45, at his home outside Philadelphia in January 2004.
Lawyers for each side made their closing arguments on Tuesday at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pennsylvania.
Defence lawyer Thomas Mesereau picked apart what he called inconsistent statements by Constand, labelling her "a pathological liar" and reminding the jury she continued to call Cosby after the alleged assault. He declared Cosby "must be acquitted on all counts."
Co-counsel Kathleen Bliss then assailed the five other witnesses who said they, like Constand, had been drugged and violated by Cosby, saying it was unfair to Cosby that they were "digging up stuff from three decades ago."
She said Cosby's accusers were fabricating stories in search of money and fame that would come with levelling such allegations against Cosby, a comedian known for clean material and whose television career was based on a wholesome image.
"What is this case about? Money, press conferences, TV shows, salacious coverage, ratings. Sex sells," Bliss said.
When the prosecution got its turn, Assistant District Attorney Kristen Feden turned her attention not just to Cosby but also to Bliss, calling her attack on the accusers "shameful, utterly shameful."
"She (Bliss) is the exact reason women and men don't report these crimes. Victims of sexual assault are part of society, too. They have families; they are human beings," Feden said.
In all, some 50 women have accused Cosby of sexual assault going back decades, though only Constand's case was recent enough for criminal prosecution.
This is his second trial, after a deadlocked jury in the first trial failed to reach a verdict last year, just before a flood of sexual assault and harassment accusations against rich and powerful men gave rise to the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements.
As in the first trial, Cosby declined to testify on his own behalf. He has denied wrongdoing, saying any sexual contact he had was consensual.
His wife of more than 50 years, Camille Cosby, arrived in court on Tuesday for the first time since the trial began on April 9.
Popular folk/hip-hop/experimental/truly genre-defying artist Raury , who was featured in 2015 on the cover of hip-hop magazinein its famed annual Freshman list, will perform a "secret" sunset show today on Sullivan's Island.Billed as Come to the Woods, the concert is part of a series of DIY shows the Atlanta-based artist has performed across the South — Nashville, Athens, Atlanta, Savannah, Orlando — in recent months, with fans arriving to parks and forests with blankets and flashlights. FYI: Raury drops exact location hints via Instagram The acoustic series is in context with the atmospheric, beautifully cohesive collection of 22 songs the singer released on Soundcloud on Sat. April 21 entitled, featuring two acoustic tracks with Corrine Bailey Rae.The album is also in 432hz, "the frequency of nature," the artist announced on Twitter over the weekend. Raury, who left Columbia Records earlier this year citing creative differences, also said this aboutthrough a series of tweets:For details on where to go today, you'll have to follow Raury on social media. We don't want to totally ruin the underground aspect of the gig, ya dig?
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
We visit the Colony Meadery in Allentown. They produce mead, an age-old alcoholic beverage made from honey and water. They show us how it is made and we sample some of this un-BEE-lievable libation.
Designers Deborah Sams and Mary Lou Ryan started Bassike — pronounced basic — in 2006 by creating exactly what their name states, basic pieces with staple organic jersey cotton Ts. From there, the Australian brand expanded to Japanese denim bottoms and since has evolved into smartly constructed, mainline collections. Everything is sustainably manufactured.
For their most recent collection, silhouettes were focused on defining the waistline, which is quite feminine for the brand who is known for their typically boxy and sheathlike shapes. Inspirations for the seasons always stem directly from new fabrications. The designers are particular about making sure the make and fit of all of their pieces are perfect — their “bread and butter.” There were great details, such as rope-ties, on dresses and pants, and especially great holding together a one-shoulder top. Other highlights included a gathered dress and check gusset skirt with jacket, all of which had a scrunched texture, as well as bandage belted skirts. It was simple and unfussy but effortlessly chic.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
(WTNH) — A big surprise for a former New York fire chief battling cancer.
Bill Duggan was diagnosed with brain cancer in November. His fellow firefighters started a GoFundMe page to send him to the NFL's big game, which has always been his lifelong dream.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell arrived at Duggan's firehouse to surprise him with the good news that his wish would come true.
Duggan has not given up on his fight against the cancer.
“My grandson is three months old. Just not going to give up. I'm going to go fishing with him, take him to baseball games. I'm going to live a long life – I will not give up,” he said.
Duggan is scheduled to begin chemotherapy on Tuesday.
Gorakhpur: The Gorakhpur Airport on Monday has been closed and all flights were cancelled as runway was flooded with water.
Moderate to heavy rains occurred over the northern districts of Uttar Pradesh.
It is anticipated that rains are likely to reduce over Bihar, but Uttar Pradesh may continue with good showers for another 24 hours.
In the past day, Gorakhpur witnessed extremely heavy rain. Even the neighboring country Nepal is witnessing very heavy rains which have raised the water levels of the rivers.
These rivers flow across the districts of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar which has led to floods in many districts.
Lakhimpur Kheri, Bahraich, Kushinagar, Gorakhpur, Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh will witness good showers.In the past 24 hours, Gorakhpur received extremely heavy rain of 180 mm.
However, Supaul, Patna, Gaya, Muzaffarpur, and Chapra witnessed very light intensity of rains. Patna, Gaya will continue receiving light showers with one or moderate.
Allahabad and Varanasi will get very light rain. Rain intensity in Lucknow and Kanpur will reduce significantly.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise began his sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. It was in this role where he was able to merge his best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews, episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features. He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director.
The 2017 I Make America tour got underway at CLAAS of America last Thursday with a visit from first-term Congressman Don Bacon.
To support this year's tour and its theme (“Our Products, Our Jobs”), CLAAS hosted its congressman as part of the company's continued leadership in the Make America program.
The company hung a special banner paying tribute to its employees' work in helping to support the equipment manufacturing industry; each company that hosts an event this year will receive and hang a similar banner.
Bacon toured CLAAS's state-of-the-art facility, where all LEXION combines sold in North America are assembled, before driving a LEXION 760 TT at the CLAAS Academy. The congressman also spoke to CLAAS employees during a town hall style event followed by a Q&A and meet-and-greet with employees.
Bacon additionally met with CLAAS leaders to discuss the issues that affect the agriculture equipment industry, including trade, tax reform, infrastructure investment, and support for extending rural broadband access.​
If it wasn't clear before, it is now: Kathleen Wynne's Ontario Liberals plan to enter the June provincial election contest as the party that “cares” about you. Really, really cares.
The Liberals care so much that they'll put “significant” new money into Ontario hospitals to reduce wait times. They care so much they'll direct more cash into home care, mental health and addictions, and more to defraying the costs of child care. They care so much they are going to expand the pharmacare program that now covers approved drugs for people under 25, and they will offer additional support for dental care. They will broaden free tuition assistance too.
In fact, they care so much that the word “care” pops up 35 times in the throne speech Lt-Gov. Elizabeth Dowdeswell delivered Monday to open the new session of the legislature. A speech entitled “A Time for Care and Opportunity.”
Naturally, all that caring will require “historic investments.” So they're willing to go back into deficit with the coming budget – a “modest” deficit to be sure, less than one per cent of Ontario's GDP. At some future time, the province will scramble back into balance, but for now, “when we care for each other, we can change lives,” the Liberals remind us. Hugs, then.
Wynne means to pull out the stops to show her compassion for our most vulnerable: children, those battling mental illness, seniors. She means to both steal the thunder of NDP leader Andrea Horwath on the left, and crisply differentiate herself from Doug Ford and the Progressive Conservatives on the right.
In doing so, she has the advantage of sincerity, at least. Wynne comes across in person as warm and caring; the promises she will now campaign on complement her personality. But experienced, competent government must be about more than good intentions and heartfelt pledges.
The problem remains. The Liberal party believes there is no problem – particularly no social problem – that cannot be solved by government minders with tax money and a deeper dip into deficit. If all that it took to mend the complex problems faced by vulnerable Ontarians was more cash, governments would have piled it on much earlier than now. Wynne has very little time to show how her “record breaking” investments will, for instance, truly reduce wait times, or resolve individual addictions problems, or improve the quality of life of those in long-term care.
These are the hard realities her opponents must put to her between now and June 7 – but they must offer innovative policy responses of their own. It's easy to spend (tax) money. Ontario voters, however, live in the real world. It's not so smart anymore to merely spend their money – no matter how much you say you care.
SALEM, Ore. (AP) – A man authorities say kidnapped a woman and her child and held them at their home has been arrested after he took her to a Dick's Sporting Goods store and she mouthed the words “help me” to several people.
Christopher Hahn-Collins, 25, of Salem, is scheduled for a hearing Monday afternoon at Marion County Circuit Court. It wasn't immediately clear if he had an attorney.
The sheriff's office said Saturday Hahn-Collins had broken into the woman's home on Friday, and when she and her child returned there, he held them at knifepoint overnight and into Saturday. The unidentified woman convinced Hahn-Collins to take her to the store, where she was rescued by deputies who had been called to the scene.
Detectives say Hahn-Collins and the victims didn't know each other previously. He's charged with kidnapping and other crimes.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brasilia: The Brazilian government plans to extradite Cesare Battisti, an Italian former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in his country, the newspaper O Globo reported on Friday.
Battisti is under arrest in the Brazilian frontier town of Corumbá where he was detained on Wednesday as he tried to cross into Bolivia in a taxi, apparently fearing that Brazil`s government would revoke his asylum status at Italy`s request.
Battisti faces life in prison in Italy, where he was convicted of four murders committed in the 1970s, when he belonged to a guerilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism. He escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy.
Brazilian police said he was being held for breaking currency laws due to the "significant" amount of cash in euros and dollars that he had at the border crossing.
President Michel Temer's government is waiting for Italy to agree to reduce Battisti`s prison term to a maximum 30 years, in accordance with Brazilian law, O Globo said, without naming its sources.
A spokesman for Temer told Reuters the president had not taken any decision on the Battisti affair. Italian diplomats did not return calls.
Italy has asked Brazil to review the status of Battisti, who was granted refugee status by former leftist President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva on his last day in office in 2010. Lula had refused an Italian extradition request, a decision that upset relations between the two countries.
But that is likely to change with Temer, the center-right president who took office last year when Lula`s hand-picked successor Dilma Rousseff was impeached.
By The Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
4:45 p.m.
Family members have identified one of the victims of a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Bob Toia, told the San Francisco Chronicle that Lefiti was devoted to his wife, family and kids.
Advertisement
Isaiah Miggins, a co-worker of Lefiti's at UPS, said Lefiti was a big man, but humble and always happy.
By late afternoon, friends had set up a memorial to Lefiti with flowers and balloons at a local supermarket near the UPS warehouse.
Police say a gunman opened fire at the UPS facility Wednesday morning, killing three people and wounding two others before taking his own life.
___
3:50 p.m.
San Francisco authorities say they're interviewing the families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led a gunman to open fire in a UPS warehouse.
Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters Wednesday that authorities found two victims outside and others inside, calling it a “frightful scene.”
He says officers didn't fire at the gunman, but that he shot himself when they confronted him.
Chaplin says authorities won't release the names of the three who were killed and the gunman who took his own life until the medical examiner confirms their identities and families are notified.
He says police won't know more information about weapon until they test-fire it.
___
3:35 p.m.
A San Francisco woman said she was riding a bus to work when she saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire.
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday. She said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to “go, go, go.” And the driver did.
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe. She described the scene as chaotic.
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out.
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others. He then fatally shot himself when police approached.
___
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that he saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that he heard five to six gunshots and that he recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but he did not know him personally.
Calderon said he saw someone get shot in the head and he said he believed all the victims were drivers.
He said he ran away as fast as he could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot himself when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, he put the weapon to his head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. He says that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says he heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said he looked out his apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
He says another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says he “saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings.”
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says he heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter” after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says he brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. He reopened after he saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from his shop.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says he believes the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Wednesday that he believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
He said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesman for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but he did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Portero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
The Gold Coast F.C. Winter Program for the Mineola Athletic Association is in full swing, blending a combination of soccer practice and competition in an environment that allows the children to flourish in both.
Saturday's Intramural Program focuses on combining fun, the love of soccer and improving individual technique in every weekly session. The children are learning how to play the game in a fun, positive environment. During Sunday's travel program, the coaches focus on all aspects of the game, ranging from individual technique to creating tactical combinations as a unit.
The beginning of each session is structured to allow young players to work on new techniques and concepts in a stationary, dynamic, non-pressured environment. The competition portion of the lesson allows the children to display their new skills and develop a better understanding of the game. During the games, the coaches practice an “in-play” method of training, reminding the children of the methodologies they have learned during practice, which allows children to self-correct on the fly.
During the cold winter months, the Mineola Athletic Association Intramural and Travel Programs have developed a way for kids to continue to play soccer all year round.
Registration for the MAA Spring Soccer season is ongoing at www.mineolaathletics.org. The spring season includes 12 sessions over the course of six weeks for $95 (+$25 out of town fee for non-Mineola residents). Visit the website for additional information.
—Submitted by MAA
By Supa Cindy
TMZ is reporting that Jay-Z has filed legal documents to register the Roc-a-Fella diamond hand symbol as his own. Blue Ivy's Daddy has been using the hand symbol since Roc-a-fella was founded in 1996. Read the Full Story Here.
Photo: Getty Image
Story Credit Hip Hop DX
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed.
Washington: Pakistan has warned India against striking at its nuclear installations and said Islamabad won`t hold back if this happened, Pakistani media reported on Friday.
Foreign Minister Khawaja Mohammad Asif`s remarks was in response to Indian Air Force chief B.S. Dhanoa`s statement on Wednesday that if India needed to carry out a surgical strike, his aircraft could target Pakistan`s nuclear installations and destroy them.
The minister told a discussion at the US Institute of Peace here that Indian leaders should not even contemplate such action as it could have "dire consequences", the Dawn reported on Friday.
"The Indian air chief said `we will hit`, through another surgical strike, Pakistan`s nuclear installations. If that happens, nobody should expect restraint from us. That`s the most diplomatic language I can use," Asif said.
The minister, who is in Washington on a three-day official visit, met US National Security Adviser Gen H.R. McMaster on Thursday, a day after holding wide-ranging talks with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
While both Islamabad and Washinton described the Asif-Tillerson talks as "positive" and "useful", Asif indicated his meeting with McMaster was not as friendly as the earlier one.
"I will not be extravagant. Yesterday`s meeting went very well, today`s meeting with Gen McMaster in the morning, I would be a bit cautious about it. But it was good. It was good. It wasn`t bad," he said.
Later, speaking about the new US policy on Afghanistan, Asif told journalists at the Pakistan embassy here that Islamabad was "genuinely concerned" about New Delhi`s role in the plan.
Asif said the Pakistan-US bilateral relationship had taken a new turn after the announcement of Washington`s South Asia strategy.
"If on one hand the US has its concerns about the future of Afghanistan, Pakistan seeks recognition of its legitimate security concerns in the region," the Dawn quoted him as saying.
"We are genuinely concerned with respect to the role accorded in the strategy to India in general and its efforts, geared towards destabilisation in Balochistan, in particular.
"Pakistan believes that unless there is stability in Afghanistan, the dividends of peace in the region would continue to elude us," he said. To achieve that goal both the US and Pakistan need to work closely, he added.
"On our part, we have completely wiped out all the hideouts used by terrorists and anti-state elements. However, this is an ongoing process with continuing intelligence-based operations by law enforcement agencies across the country."
He said Pakistan was extremely concerned about the "safe havens" of terrorists which he alleged were mostly operating from ungoverned spaces in Afghanistan, which he claimed covered more than 40 per cent of the area of the country.
Asif said a number of terror attacks in Pakistan in recent months had been traced back to elements operating from bases in Afghanistan.
Relations between India and Pakistan have slided sharply in recent times amid unending Army-versus-Army battles on the Jammu and Kashmir frontier. Islamabad also accuses Kabul of acting in concert with New Delhi to damage Pakistan`s interests.
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
By The Associated Press
Tuesday
1. Gonzaga (26-0) did not play. Next: vs. San Francisco, Thursday.
2. Villanova (25-2) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Saturday.
3. Kansas (23-3) did not play. Next: at No. 4 Baylor, Saturday.
4. Baylor (22-4) did not play. Next: vs. No. 3 Kansas, Saturday.
5. Arizona (23-3) did not play. Next: at Washington State, Thursday.
6. UCLA (23-3) did not play. Next: vs. Southern Cal, Saturday.
7. Oregon (22-4) did not play. Next: vs. Utah, Thursday.
8. Louisville (21-5) did not play. Next: vs. Virginia Tech, Saturday.
9. West Virginia (20-6) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Tech, Saturday.
10. North Carolina (21-5) did not play. Next: at N.C. State, Wednesday.
11. Wisconsin (21-4) did not play. Next: at Michigan, Thursday.
12. Duke (20-5) did not play. Next: at No. 14 Virginia, Wednesday.
13. Kentucky (21-5) beat Tennessee 83-58. Next: at Georgia, Saturday.
14. Virginia (18-6) did not play. Next: vs. No. 12 Duke, Wednesday.
15. Florida (20-5) at Auburn. Next: at Mississippi State, Saturday.
16. Purdue (21-5) beat Rutgers 74-55. Next: vs. Michigan State, Saturday.
17. Florida State (21-5) did not play. Next: at Pittsburgh, Saturday.
18. Cincinnati (22-3) did not play. Next: at South Florida, Wednesday.
19. SMU (22-4) did not play. Next: vs. Tulane, Wednesday.
20. Creighton (21-4) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Wednesday.
21. South Carolina (20-5) did not play. Next: vs. Arkansas, Wednesday.
22. Saint Mary's (22-3) did not play. Next: vs. Loyola Marymount, Thursday.
23. Maryland (21-4) did not play. Next: at Northwestern, Wednesday.
24. Butler (19-6) did not play. Next: vs. St. John's, Wednesday.
25. Notre Dame (20-7) beat Boston College 84-76. Next: at N.C. State, Saturday.
POTTSVILLE — It was the best start possible for Tri-Valley.
Very simply, the Dawgs left no doubt.
Tri-Valley captured its second straight District 2/11 Class A Subregional baseball title Wednesday with a convincing 9-2 victory over MMI Prep at Steidle Field at the CACL Complex.
The Preppers (7-14) entered the game fresh off winning the District 2 championship Tuesday with a 3-0 upset win over Forest City.
Tri-Valley (16-6) quickly killed any momentum the Preppers may have had from that win with a five-run, first-inning outburst, tagging MMI starter Marc Lobitz for five runs on five hits.
The victory advances the Dawgs to the PIAA playoffs for the fifth time in eight years. Tri-Valley will face District 3 runner-up High Point in Monday's opening round at a District 11 site, either Pottsville or Pine Grove.
High Point eliminated Tri-Valley in the second round of last year's state playoffs with a 4-3 victory in 11 innings.
“We wanted to try and jump on them as early as we could and stay on top of them. I felt we did,” Tri-Valley coach Bob Felty Sr. said. “We came out and hit the ball very hard in that first inning.
“It was important for the mental aspect of it, too, being that we had 15 wins and they had seven.”
Despite not having played in a nearly a week — when it beat Nativity 7-0 for the District 11 championship in the subregional semifinals May 24 at Pine Grove — Tri-Valley didn't show any rust against MMI.
After Tri-Valley starting pitcher Willie Kimmel retired MMI in order in the top of the first inning, the
Dawgs quickly went to work on Lobitz in the bottom half.
Dawson Schwalm led off the frame by reaching on an error. Kimmel followed with a booming RBI triple to right-center and freshman Chase Herb stroked a double to left-center to make it 2-0.
Ashton Buchanan walked before MMI recorded an out on a grounder to third. Jake Masser then delivered a two-run single to up the lead to 4-0, and he scored three batters later on a single by Garrett Huhn.
With one inning in the books, MMI trailed 5-0.
“It was very important (to get an early lead),” Kimmel said. “It sets a high tempo. And as a team builder it makes everyone relaxed and we can play the way we know how to play. The whole team played great.”
The Dawgs added a run in the second on a walk, an error and a sacrifice fly by Buchanan before breaking it open even more with a three-run fifth.
Masser singled, Peyton Poletti reached on an infield error and Chase Deeter delivered a two-run single to up the lead to 8-0. Pinch-hitter Nick Parobek plated Deeter with a single before a nifty 6-3 double play helped MMI escape further damage.
“Wow, what a team Tri-Valley has,” MMI Prep coach Ryan Jastremsky said. “They were phenomenal in every aspect of the game. Their pitching is very good, their defense is solid and, man, can they hit the ball. That's what we saw in the first inning.”
For Tri-Valley, there were several benefits from getting a big early lead.
First, it allowed Felty to give his top three pitchers some work. And all three — the first two in particular — looked impressive.
Kimmel went the first three innings, facing 10 batters and giving up no hits and no runs with no walks and two strikeouts on 40 pitchers. The only MMI batter to reach base against him was hit by a pitch.
Brayden Smith followed and retired all six batters he faced in the fourth and fifth innings on just 22 pitches, striking out one.
Buchanan finished, pitching out of a sixth-inning jam before giving up three hits and two runs in the seventh. Keefer Hoover broke up the no-hitter with a single to start the frame, and Marcus Kassick followed with a two-run homer to left-center to break up the shutout and get the Preppers on the board.
“I wanted to get some early runs so we can get Smith and Buchanan some pitching time,” Felty said. “It's been 21 and 23 days since they pitched. That's another reason why I was happy we came out and scored a bunch of runs early.”
Second, it allowed Felty to get everyone on his team involved. The Dawgs substituted freely over the final innings, with several reserves getting the chance to pinch-hit.
Tri-Valley finished with 11 hits, as Herb, Masser and Huhn each had two.
If Wednesday was any indication, it looks like Tri-Valley is ready to make a state playoff run.
“We play High Point, and we played them last year,” Felty said, looking ahead. “We'll give it our best shot and see what happens.”
Contact the writer: Lboyer@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6026; @pubsportsboss on Twitter
Game Summary
District 2/11 Subregional Class A Championship At Steidle Field, Pottsville
MMI PREP (2) — Badamo lf 3 0 0 0, Danchision 2b 4 0 0 0, Palermo ss 3 0 0 0, Hoover 3b-p 3 1 1 0, Kassick cf 3 1 1 2, Jordan c 2 0 0 0, Warren cr 0 0 0 0, Frask rf 0 0 0 0, Book dh 3 0 1 0, McNulty 1b 2 0 0 0, Rinaldi pr 0 0 0 0, Lobitz p 1 0 0 0, Yamulla pr-3b 1 0 0 0. Totals 25 2 3 2.
TRI-VALLEY (9) — Schwalm 2b 3 2 0 0, Kimmel p 2 1 1 1, Smith p-rf 2 0 1 0, McGrath cf 1 0 0 0, Herb dh 3 1 2 1, Buchanan ss-p 2 1 0 1, Yoder 1b 3 0 0 0, Wetzel ph 1 0 0 0, Masser 3b 3 2 2 2, Ney cr-ph 0 0 0 0, Poletti c 2 1 1 0, A. Parobek cr-ph 0 0 0 0, Deeter rf-ss 3 1 1 2, J. Parobek ph 1 0 0 0, Huhn lf 2 0 2 1, N. Parobek ph 1 0 1 1. Totals 29 9 11 9.
MMI (7-14) 000 000 2 — 2
Tri-Val (16-6) 510 030 x — 9
E — MMI Prep 3, Tri-Valley 1. DP — MMI Prep 1. LOB — MMI Prep 3, Tri-Valley 8. 2B — Smith, Herb, Deeter. 3B — Kimmel. HR — Kassick. SB — Herb 2. SF — Buchanan.
MMI Prep IP H R ER BB K
Lobitz L 5 11 9 6 0 0
Hoover 1 0 0 0 1 1
Tri-Valley IP H R ER BB K
Kimmel 3 0 0 0 0 2
Smith W, 6-0 2 0 0 0 0 1
Buchanan 2 3 2 2 1 0
HBP — by Kimmel (Jordan), by Hoover (Ney). T — 1:45.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A government watchdog is urging the Education Department to resume the process of forgiving student loans for tens of thousands Americans who were defrauded by for-profit colleges.
In a report published Monday, the Office of Inspector General, an independent body within the education agency, recommends that the department restart “review, approval, and discharge process” for defrauded students.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has come under criticism for stalling the review of over 95,000 claims for loan cancellations. The agency has not approved a single claim during her time in office and DeVos' critics charge that she is looking out for industry interests.
The AP reported in October that the department is considering abandoning the Obama-era practice of full loan forgiveness in favor of partial relief.
The department did not immediately comment.
Our musical geniuses here have put together a perfect playlist for you, your fam, and your friends!
This playlist features Ella Mai, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars, Maroon 5, Taylor Swift, Post Malone, Drake, Cardi B, Khalid, Shawn Mendes, and more!
Set your July 4th cookout off right. Stream the Red, White, & "Boo'd Up" playlist here!
David Leyonhjelm believes white South African farmers would integrate well into Australian society.
David Leyonhjelm believes white South African farmers would integrate well into Australian society.
White South African farmers would be a better fit for Australia than Myanmar's persecuted Rohingya ethnic minority, a senator claims.
Liberal Democrats Senator David Leyonhjelm was responding to questions on Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton's call for fast-tracked visa assistance for white South African farmers who he claims are facing persecution.
"Whether they're black, white or brindle, that makes them refugees," the NSW Senator told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
"They would get jobs, pay taxes, contribute to society far more than, for example, Rohingya would."
His remarks come the day after Myanmar's leader Aung San Suu Kyi discussed solutions to the ongoing humanitarian crisis engulfing the Rohingya ethnic minority in her country with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull at Parliament House.
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled targeted violence in Myanmar, crossing the border into Bangladesh.
Senator Leyonhjelm claimed Australians worried about "assimilation and integration" and had "a soft spot for farmers".
Whether they came as skilled migrants or on humanitarian visas, white South Africans "would integrate far more easily," he said.
"There's a good chance if it keeps going the way it's going at the moment there will be white refugee farmers from South Africa."
Australian Greens immigration spokesman Nick McKim said Senator Leyonhjelm's comments were racist.
"Discriminating against and making generalisations about people based on their ethnic background is racism, pure and simple," the Tasmanian said.
"You'd expect someone who calls themselves a libertarian to welcome more freedom of movement, especially for those fleeing persecution, without showing bias towards certain skin colours and ethnicities."
Labor immigration spokesman Shayne Neumann said Australia's non-discriminatory migration program was vital to its vibrant multiculturalism.
"If people are facing persecution, regardless of where they are from or the colour of their skin, they are able to apply to Australia's humanitarian visa program which will be assessed on its merits," he told AAP.
The question of special treatment for white South African farmers first flared up when Mr Dutton said they "deserve special attention" for facing "horrific circumstances" last week.
South Africa is seeking changes that would allow the appropriation, without compensation, of farms for redistribution to black South Africans.
The policy has led to media reports that white South African farmers are being targeted by violence and are experiencing higher murder rates.
Mr Dutton's comments earned a sharp rebuke from the South African government.
They have also polarised the party room - with conservative Tony Abbot arguing for the proposal and senior figures Julie Bishop and Mathias Cormann arguing against.
She's best known for her role as Miranda in Sex and the City.
She's best known for her role as Miranda in Sex and the City.
Cynthia Nixon to run for NY governor The West Australian
Former Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon says she'll run in New York's Democratic primary for governor in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against two-term incumbent Andrew Cuomo, who has a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, Nixon said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
"This is a time to be visible," Nixon said. "This is a time to fight."
Nixon's platform on her campaign website seems to focus on progressive concerns of income inequality, health care availability, concerns about mass incarceration and "fixing our broken subway."
Nixon talks up her New York City bona fides, noting that she has never lived anywhere else but the city.
She declares herself to be "a proud public school graduate and a proud public school parent."
Nixon played career-focused lawyer Miranda Hobbes on Sex and the City from 1998-2004.
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
60-year-old Cuomo was favoured 66 per cent to 19 per cent over Nixon in a recent poll.
DALLAS (AP) — Federal officials have warned that patients at a psychiatric hospital in Dallas are in “immediate jeopardy” two years after Texas regulators threatened to close the facility over severe safety problems, a newspaper reported Sunday.
A Nov. 1 letter from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services addressed to Timberlawn's chief executive said that Timberlawn Mental Health System “no longer meets the requirements for participation in the Medicare program because of deficiencies that represent immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety,” according to the Dallas Morning News, which obtained a copy of the letter.
A scathing inspection report by state regulators in October described how Timberlawn put children at risk, coinciding with a 13-year-old patient's allegations that she was raped by a 17-year-old male patient.
Long a mainstay of psychiatric care in Dallas, Timberlawn serves adults and adolescents. The for-profit hospital is part of national chain Universal Health Services Inc.
The October report found that the hospital placed boys and girls in bedrooms near one another. Experts say this poses a problem when combined with poor staffing. Inspectors cited this in their report about the alleged rape in October.
Timberlawn CEO James Miller denied that the hospital was dangerous and said he viewed every visit from hospital regulators as an opportunity to improve. His staff, he said in a statement to the newspaper, “strives to provide our patients with the best possible care and treatment in a safe environment.”
The federal and state scrutiny raises questions about whether Texas has done enough to ensure safety. The problems occurred even as the state says it visited the hospital 10 times this year before the reported rape.
State officials said they were doing everything possible to make sure the facility met safety standards, including visits that often spanned several days.
“We're monitoring the Timberlawn situation very closely,” said Carrie Williams, spokeswoman for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission.
Texas regulators had ordered Timberlawn to close in March 2016, citing a patient's 2014 suicide, violent fights among patients, dirty conditions and medical records issues. But the 144-bed complex negotiated a way to stay open: a $190,000 fine and a three-year probation.
In July 2016, a patient agitated by news that he would be transferred was arrested on a manslaughter charge after tackling a staff physician and causing her head to slam on the hard floor.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
There's not second thought that Samsung Galaxy S8 is perhaps the most-awaited smartphone on this year. However, looks like the Samsung lovers have to wait a while, as Samsung confirms not to unveil the flagship at the MWC event 2017.
The South Korean techie, as rumor suggest will be announcing both the flagships - Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus on March 29. Further reports show that the flagship devices will be up for sale only by late April after the latest Snapdragon 835 processor is released.
Talking about the sale of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, looks like Samsung surely has really high hopes after the Note 7 debacle.
SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 fresh renders highlights no physical home button and more
Fresh reports show that the South Korean giant may double the first shipment of the Galaxy S8 as compared to the previously announce Galaxy S7 series. Which means that the smartphone vendor has further claimed to increase 40 percent shipment.
By increasing the sale, other reports show that Samsung has a sales target of 60 million units for the Galaxy S8. To recall, for the Galaxy S7 and S6 the sales target was around 48 million and 45 million respectively.
About the specs, there have been several rumors about the Samsung flagship surfacing the webosphere for quite some time now. However, the South Korean tech giant hasn't confirmed any of it for now.
For further updates on the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, stay tuned to GizBot.
Source
SHARON, Mass. (AP) — Ahmad Alkhalaf has had a busy year.
He attended Democratic President Barack Obama's final State of the Union address as a special guest of a congressman. He learned to bike and rollerblade, took martial arts and gymnastics classes and spent his summer playing soccer and swimming in a lake at a day camp in the Boston suburbs.
And he received his first pair of prosthetic arms after his were blown off three years ago in a refugee camp bomb blast that also killed three of his siblings.
But as the 11-year-old Syrian boy looks to another year in his adopted home, he says his dream is to be reunited with his mother and four surviving siblings, who are living in Istanbul.
“I want my mom to come here,” he said on a recent Saturday as he kicked around a soccer ball in a park. “I feel like I'm losing her. It's been too long. I can't take it anymore.”
Ahmad's father, Dirgam Alkhalaf, said those hopes largely hinge on whether Republican President-elect Donald Trump follows through on his pledge to curtail the flow of Syrians and Muslims to the U.S.
Alkhalaf has applied for asylum and hopes to petition for the rest of the family if he and Ahmad are permitted to stay.
“I can only be hopeful he'll do the right thing,” Alkhalaf said of Trump through an interpreter. “No matter what people say, I'm optimistic.”
Trump transition team officials didn't return emails seeking comment on the family's case.
Alkhalaf said he can't return to Turkey after renouncing his temporary residency status there. Returning to Syria, where the Sunni Muslim family lived just outside the battle-scarred city of Aleppo, also isn't an option.
“There is nothing left in Syria for us. Our home is destroyed; the government is out to get us,” he said, referring to Syrian President Bashar Assad's regime, which he says conducted the 2013 bombing. “I've got nowhere to go if the U.S. doesn't want me.”
The father and son have been living among a rotating group of Muslim families since their arrival in June 2015 on a medical visa for Ahmad.
Alkhalaf works as a security guard at a mosque after receiving his work permit in July. He hopes to take his driver's license exam soon.
The emotional strain of separation has taken its toll on the family, Alkhalaf said.
His youngest son in Turkey has developed asthma-like problems, his wife is being treated for high blood pressure and Ahmad doesn't always sleep well, a problem that started with night terrors following the bomb blasts.
“Emotionally, I'm drained,” Alkhalaf said. “If we were all together, I think a lot of us would feel better. It's half the battle.”
Ahmad talks with his mother often and knows she's struggling to provide for his siblings. The family largely lives off the charity of the Muslim community in New England and what Alkhalaf can send from his wages.
Ahmad said he tries to perk his mother up by telling her about the new things he's experiencing.
“I try to make her happy, but it's hard,” Ahmad said.
He enrolled in the fourth grade this past fall at a school in the Boston suburbs. He is awaiting a more advanced pair of prosthetic arms. And he hopes to join a soccer team this spring.
Officials at Heights Elementary say Ahmad's stresses haven't appeared to affect his schooling. If anything, they say, they're impressed with how quickly he has embraced his new environment, where he is receiving physical and occupational therapy, one-on-one reading and math help and other support.
“He really wants to talk to people and understand things on many levels,” said Holly Geiger, Ahmad's teacher. “He's not shy, and I think that's helped.”
Supporters have purposely jam-packed Ahmad's schedule, said Nabil Jalal, a Sharon resident who is among those helping Ahmad and his father.
As Ahmad ran off to join an arts and craft session, Jalal worried what the new year might bring.
“You can't have one parent and not the other, no matter how good the life is here,” Jalal said. “There's a big missing part.”
___
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/philip-marcelo.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli police say a prominent billionaire businessman and four other suspects were taken into custody on a battery of charges, including money laundering, obstruction of justice and bribery.
The police say the suspects were arrested and questioned on Monday, following a joint investigation with Swiss and American authorities into forged documents and fictitious real estate deals abroad.
The police would not comment on the specifics of the current investigation, but confirmed that Beny Steinmetz was among those arrested.
Steinmetz, a Geneva-based diamond-mining magnate with an estimated worth of just over $1 billion according to Forbes, was arrested by Israeli authorities in December over allegations of bribing officials in the African country of Guinea to promote business interests there.
He spent two weeks under house arrest at that time.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 124 'Do we jump off the wing?': Southwest Airlines passengers panic during emergency landing Pause 39 Man shot to death near a church in southeast Fort Worth 127 Racing legend Johnny Rutherford had his famed race car 'baked' to perfection 171 Step inside the Flying Axe Factory in Fort Worth 126 After two failed pregnancies, a Fort Worth couple delivers triplets 146 At Pura Vida Sanctuary, the Afro roots in Latin dance come alive 118 More than 70 musical instruments found in stolen storage trailers. Are they yours? 82 Police officers in Fort Worth fatally shoot armed suspect 9 Suspect arrested in police officer-involved shooting in Fort Worth 164 Super Bowl LII: Can this crocodile get revenge against the New England Patriots with his Super Bowl pick? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The Fort Worth Botanic Garden needs about $15 million in repairs that have been deferred according to director Bob Byers. Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
The Fort Worth Botanic Garden needs about $15 million in repairs that have been deferred according to director Bob Byers. Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
3:17 Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday's loss Pause
1:20 Cole Hamels seeking more strikes in next Rangers start
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:45 Fort Worth's Touchdown Sports accused of scamming businesses, school districts across U.S.
0:25 Congressman Joe Barton thinks Trump should release his tax returns
1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday
1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose
0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12
2:05 It's the '80s all over again at Granada Prom Night
Zack Yorio isn't content just to make the save, even if it's a sparkling one. The Harborfields goalie doesn't think that's the end of his job. “We focus on trying to capitalize on the transition game, especially in crunchtime,” Yorio said.
A tight county final early in the fourth quarter qualified as crunchtime and Yorio delivered. He made one of his 15 saves and hit his defenseman Matt Grover on the run. Grover found M.J. Buckholtz for a transition goal that provided a three-goal cushion and sent the No. 1 Tornadoes to an 8-4 victory over No. 3 East Islip on Wednesday night in the Suffolk Class B championship game played at Islip.
“I'd say he stood on his head, but that's the way he's played for us most of the year,” Harborfields coach Glenn Lavey said after the school's first boys lacrosse country title since 1992.
P.J. Clementi was Harborfields other savior. He scored three goals and added two assists. The Tornadoes (14-3) will face Garden City in the Long Island championship / Southeast Regional final at 3 p.m. on Saturday at Hofstra.
It's been a long journey. “We probably spend more offseason hours together of any team on Long Island,” Yorio said. “Practices 7 a.m. in the summer. It's so satisfying, after all that work, to see it pay off.”
Yorio did his part keeping it close early. He robbed John Sidorski high in the final seconds of the first half to preserve Harborfields' 3-2 lead. And, fittingly, he stoned Sidorski in the final seconds. That was more of a window-dressing save since the game had been decided, but it was symbolic because Sidorski, third in Suffolk with 102 points and tops in assists with 57, was held without a point.
Yorio had help, of course. Long-stick midfielder Lucas Kollmer had the primary job of locking off Sidorski. “He's the most technically sound player in the county and an unbelievable passer,” Lavey said of Sidorski. “So Plan A was to make him be a scorer. Lucas did a great job.”
So did Clementi. He scored the Tornadoes' first goal with a dazzling dodge, then set up Andy Derasmo to make it 2-1. Harborfields never trailed thereafter, but didn't pull away until the fourth quarter. Clementi made it 6-4 with a rocket from the top slot and completed his hat trick with a no-look shot off a scramble in front.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“Sometimes you need a little luck,” Clementi said. “Luck was on our side tonight.”
So was skill.
The attack against Novel Baswedan on the dawn of April 11, was no ordinary crime. On that fateful day, two men riding a motorcycle threw acid on the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) senior investigator's face, and damaged both his eyes. It was, without question, an act of terror against those battling corruption. Novel was leading investigations in a number of major cases, including the mega-scandal of money for electronic ID cards within the House of Representatives and several cases involving well-known individuals. In the past, he had played an important role in exposing corruption in the procurement of driving license test simulators for the National Traffic Police.
It is regrettable that the police are seemingly half-hearted in their investigation into this case. They have not even found the attackers, let alone the people who gave the orders.
This lack of seriousness is apparent from several irregularities. For example, officers have only questioned three people who were allegedly involved and this was the result of a report from the victim's family, not from the investigators themselves. Claiming these people had proven alibis, the police released them.
This lackadaisical approach was also seen in the police statement quoting the testimony of Hasan Hunusalela and Muklis Ohorella. These two men were photographed at different times lurking near Novel's house by a neighbor. Several witnesses stated that the two had been watching Novel's house, including following Novel family's domestic help. The photos of these two men were handed over to the police the day after Novel was attacked, but it took more than a week for officers to confirm their identity, after-again, according to the police-they came voluntarily to make statements.
The men were immediately released because-yet again, according to police-they had not been at the location when the attack took place. The police also said the two were working for a finance company that searches out people in arrears with their payments.However, investigators did not follow up the claim that there were people in arrears with loan repayments in the vicinity of Novel's house. They should have tried to find out why the two had been following Novel's house help. Subsequently, the police also said that they were police informants in a motorbike theft case.
Another matter that raises questions is the link between Muklis Ohorella and the owner of the motorbike he rode. According to the police, the motorbike is owned by a member of the Greater Jakarta Police detective team. The police should assert why Muklis was using a motorbike belonging to a detective. It is difficult to believe the excuse that it was borrowed because the two men have a family connection.
The police's inability to find Novel's attackers is mindboggling, because of all people, they would know how to use technology to uncover a mystery. It is true that the CCTV recordings from Novel's house are of little use to the investigation. The two men's faces cannot be clearly seen because the camera's resolution is too low. Also, the attack happened in a dark place-perhaps it was no coincidence that one particular street lamp was not working on the day of the incident. But the police should be able to collect other CCTV recordings from the streets the attackers passed along. There are other things the police could do-say, when they are pursuing terrorists-such as checking data from nearby cellphone towers. Data of conversations between the perpetrators could help identify them.
This is exactly what the Special Anti-Terror Detachment has done. They were tasked by National Police chief General Tito Karnavian with finding Novel's attackers. This led to the discovery of a photograph of one of the suspected attackers. But instead of following this up, the photo was passed on to Novel-who subsequently gave it to the Greater Jakarta Police investigators. This back and forth makes people suspicious: are the police hiding something? This then prompted speculation about a number of issues. One is, was the attack on Novel part of a dispute between factions within the police?
To stop this perception of internal strife spreading, President Joko Widodo should immediately step in and order the establishment of an independent team to conduct the investigation. Comprised of competent people, this independent team would overcome the “psychological obstacles” thought to be hampering police investigators in this case. This team's findings should be published and hopefully, with transparency, it would be easy to see and prevent any efforts to halt or divert investigators.
Novel's case must not be allowed to drag on. Not doing enough to speed up this investigation will only confirm allegations that the police were involved in the attack. Furthermore, President Jokowi's reluctance to establish an independent team will lead to the view that the government has no commitment towards eradicating corruption.
United Nations: Overcoming the slowdown from demonetisation, the growth rate of India's economy is projected to accelerate from this year's 6.7 percent to 7.2 per cent next year and 7.4 percent in 2019 making it again the world's fastest growing major economy, the UN said on Monday.
"Despite the slowdown observed in early 2017 and the lingering effects from the demonetization policy, the outlook for India remains largely positive, underpinned by robust private consumption and public investment as well as ongoing structural reforms," according to the World Economic Situation and Prospects 2018 report.
However, the 7.2 percent growth rate projected for India next year in the latest report is lower than the mid-year update's projection made by the UN in May of 7.9 percent.
China's economic growth for this year was 6.8 percent, according to the report, putting it slightly ahead of India. But the growth projections for China are 6.5 percent next year and 6.3 percent in 2019
Releasing the report, Under Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Liu Zhenmin, said: "The upturn in global growth is a welcome sign of a healthier economy."
The report painted a rosier outlook for the world economy overall, saying "it has strengthened as lingering fragilities related to the global financial crisis subside" and recorded this year the "highest growth rate since 2011," even though it is only 3 percent. The report said that growth level is expected to continue over the next two years.
South and East Asia remain the world's most "dynamic regions" accounting for nearly half of global growth in 2017, with China alone contributing about one-third, the report said.
"Vigorous public investment in infrastructure has been critical" in counteracting negative developments.
The report warned that for India "the anaemic performance of private investment remains a key macroeconomic concern."
"Gross fixed capital formation as a share of GDP has declined from about 40 per cent in 2010 to less than 30 per cent in 2017," the report said. It added that there was "subdued credit growth, low capacity utilization in some industrial sectors and balance sheet problems in the banking and corporate sectors".
It also said that there was "some degree of uncertainty over the monetary policy stance in India." It added, "Subdued inflation, coupled with a good monsoon season, offers scope for additional monetary easing. However, if inflation accelerates faster than anticipated, the loosening cycle could end abruptly."
India's fiscal deficit has declined visibly, and it is expected to narrow further to 3.2 per cent of GDP in 2018.
Liu also warned that the improved global economic growth "may come at an environmental cost".
"This calls for stronger efforts to delink economic growth and environmental degradation," he added.
LAS VEGAS — Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup Final.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 on Wednesday night.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first Stanley Cup Final victory in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped his energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1:59 to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
“We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team,” Holtby said. “That's one of our strengths.”
Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game drought with the eventual winning goal for the Caps, who rebounded from a ramshackle loss in the opener and handed the expansion Golden Knights only their second home defeat — the first in regulation — in Vegas' nine postseason games.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic in the third period, even with lengthy man advantages.
Washington lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb. The Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington.
The Caps are just 4-5 at home in the postseason, but they'll ride a wave of momentum after going into the Golden Knights' daunting home arena and taking away home-ice advantage in their first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
The Capitals have made the playoffs in 13 of 19 seasons since their only other trip to the Final in 1998, but hadn't managed to get their fans back to the final round until this year. Capital One Arena in downtown Washington was packed with red-clad fans watching Game 2 on the videoboards.
The Caps improved to 9-3 on the road in the postseason after two games in this frequently chaotic series. The first two games of the Stanley Cup Final were split for only the third time in the last 13 editions of the NHL's final round.
After a rough opener in Vegas, Holtby rounded back into something approaching his form in back-to-back shutouts to close the Eastern Conference finals. While his save on Tuch was the most impressive, he kept the Caps in charge with 15 saves in the third period, including a tenacious effort during a 5-on-3 advantage for 1:09 for the Knights.
The temperature on the Las Vegas Strip spiked to triple digits in the hours before Game 2, likely making it the hottest Final game in NHL history. But the heat didn't fry the spirits of the fans who filled the plaza next to T-Mobile Arena to capacity before the puck dropped, continuing this gambling mecca's fanatical support of its first major pro sports team.
After another elaborate, Vegas-style pregame introduction at T-Mobile Arena, the Knight took another early lead with their quick-strike offense and a little puck luck when Washington's Dmitry Orlov misplayed Luca Sbisa's long lob and allowed Neal to skate in easily on Holtby.
The goal was the fifth of the postseason for Neal, the gifted scorer left unprotected in last summer's expansion draft after reaching the Final with Nashville.
Shortly afterward, Kuznetsov went straight to the dressing room after absorbing a high check from McNabb. The game immediately took on a nastier tone, and the teams played 4-on-4 hockey moments later after a prolonged scrum led to two penalties.
With extra space, Washington strung together several sharp passes culminating in Eller's sixth goal of the postseason. The Danish forward failed to hit an open net on a rushed play for a potential tying goal late in Game 1.
Washington's excellent power play finally got a chance early in the second period, and Ovechkin scored a vintage goal with his powerful shot from a sharp angle.
The Russian superstar led the NHL with 49 goals in the regular season and added 12 more in the Eastern Conference playoffs. After scoring the first Stanley Cup Final goal of his 13-year, 1,121-game NHL career, he skated to the glass with both arms raised triumphantly.
The Caps then silenced T-Mobile Arena when Eller got the puck to Orpik, whose deflected shot bounced fortuitously off the ice and beat Fleury. Orpik, the grinding veteran forward with a 2009 Stanley Cup ring from Pittsburgh, hadn't scored since Feb. 26, 2016, adding up to the longest active goal-scoring drought in the NHL.
But the relentless Knights earned a power play and cut the Caps' lead to 3-2 late in the second when Theodore slipped a long shot through heavy traffic.
Vegas continued its pressure early in the third, forcing Washington into two early penalties. But the Golden Knights failed to score with that two-man advantage, with Holtby repeatedly coming up big.
“We played smart. We played hard,” Ovechkin said. “Holtby made unbelievable saves.”
NOTES: The Golden Knights have scored the opening goal in the first period of all nine of their postseason home games. ... Washington needs three more wins to become the second team in NHL history to win a Cup after trailing in all four postseason rounds, joining Pittsburgh in 1991. ... T-Mobile Arena reported 18,702 fans in the sold-out building, setting a franchise record for attendance.
The police arrested a man on Friday for setting his wife on fire in Gharo, Thatta.
According to Civil Hospital Additional Police Surgeon Dr Qarar Ahmed Abbasi, the woman had suffered burn injuries to 68 per cent of her body and was in a critical condition. She is currently under treatment at the hospital.
On October 2, woman's husband, Muhammad Hanif Jat, had attempted to torch her alive after spraying oil over her body, the police said. The attack occurred in their house in Gharo, a town in Sindh's Thatta district. The husband brought the woman to a local hospital for treatment on the same day, where he told the administration that she had been burnt by accident.
However, the victim negated his claim on Friday and told police in her statement that she had been subjected to physical abuse over the past four months “for giving birth to a girl”. The abuse had culminated in the husband attempting to burn her alive. The police arrested the husband while the woman is still undergoing treatment.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt will sign contracts with Moscow during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to Cairo on Monday for the country's first nuclear power plant, three senior sources told Reuters on Sunday.
The construction of the 4,800 megawatt (MW) capacity plant, which is supposed to be built at Dabaa in the north of the country, is expected to be completed within seven years, added the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Egyptian foreign minister Sameh Shoukry told Russia Today in an interview on Saturday that “they have completed several stages” of the plant and “soon” it will be finished.
Moscow and Cairo signed an agreement in 2015 for Russia to build a nuclear power plant in Egypt, with Russia extending a loan to Egypt to cover the cost of construction.
Egypt's official gazette said last year the loan was worth $25 billion and would finance 85 percent of the value of each work contract, services and equipment shipping. Egypt would fund the remaining 15 percent.
The trial operation of the first nuclear reactor is expected to take place in 2022.
Egypt, with a population of nearly 104 million and vast energy needs, wants to diversify its energy sources.
The nuclear plant is expected not to just cover the country's energy needs, but to produce excess which can be exported, the sources told Reuters on Sunday.
Putin is scheduled to visit Cairo on Monday to meet with his counterpart Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, where they will discuss bilateral relations, trade and Middle Eastern issues, the Kremlin said last week.
Sky and Virgin Media have announced that, following successful negotiations that Pocket-lint reported on, they have agreed two new channel carriage deals.
The first agreement will see the return, on 13 November, of Sky's Basic channels - including Sky1, Sky2, Sky3, Sky News, Sky Sports News, Sky Arts 1, Sky Arts 2, Sky Real Lives and Sky Real Lives 2 - to Virgin Media's cable TV service.
The second agreement provides for the continued carriage of Virgin Media TV's basic channels – Living, Living 2, Bravo, Bravo 2, Trouble, Challenge and Virgin 1 – as part of Sky's retailed channel line-up on satellite. Both deals will run concurrently until 12 June 2011.
Virgin Media's CEO, Neil Berkett, said: "We are pleased to bring our carriage negotiations with Sky to a successful close. I believe this agreement represents a fair deal and is the right thing for our customers. We recognise the quality and popularity of Sky's channels and look forward to welcoming them back to Virgin Media's TV service. We are also pleased to secure Sky's continued carriage of the VMTV channels until June 2011".
Jeremy Darroch, Sky's CEO, adds: "This is great news for Sky and Virgin Media customers alike. We want our channels to be enjoyed by as many people as possible so we're delighted to secure their return to the Virgin Media platform".
As part of the agreements, both Sky and Virgin Media have agreed to terminate all High Court proceedings against each other relating to this matter and their public falling out back in 2007.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
The National Housing Corporation is seeking to ensure that all local contractors get a fair share of the pie.
Officials of the statutory corporation say moving forward, all projects under their purview will be implemented through public-private partnerships.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
Parents of children at Oatlands Junior School have demanded answers, after some year four pupils were asked to produce pieces of persuasive writing focusing on arguments in favour of the school's plans to become a full primary.
In a letter to parents, headteacher Estelle Weir apologised for an “ill-judged” choice of topic for a lesson on persuasive writing.
Lynda Taylor, whose son is in year four, said: “I am extremely shocked that the school feels it appropriate to involve the children in such an emotive and divisive issue.
“Unless and until a final decision is made regarding the proposal, I do not believe the pupils should be involved in any discussions regarding the proposal. The children are at school to learn the curriculum, not to be used as tools to endorse the proposals. They are only nine years old and are unable to look at all the issues regarding the proposals to make an informed decision.”
Miss Weir said in the letter: “The intention was to use a topic relevant to the children and one that would capture their imagination. Unfortunately, in the case of 4G, this lesson was left to be delivered by a supply teacher, who focused on the supportive arguments.
“The letters were never intended for anything other than giving a real life purpose to the children's writing and the work was to be kept in their books only. However, given the sensitivities around this topic, I can assure you that the children will now not be writing letters based on this content.
“It was never the intention of the team to forward these letters to Mr Tulley (chair of governors), and certainly not as evidence towards the business case. The Year 4 team and I are very sorry for the upset this may have caused.”
Probably not. I doubt that anyone's job is safe in the Trump administration.
However, the Washington Examiner reports that the attorney general has received assurances from the White House that his job is safe. That's the good news. The bad news is that John Kelly, who gave Sessions the assurances, may not be safe for long in his job of chief-of-staff.
There are good reasons why Sessions may not be in serious danger of being sacked in the short term. The Examiner notes that Sessions has faithfully executed President Trump's agenda. Does that matter to Trump? I hope so.
A better reason why Sessions' job may not be in danger is that the administration would almost surely be unable to get a replacement confirmed this year. By next year, the Senate may in Democratic hands.
Last July, when Trump seemed to be on the verge of sacking Sessions, Sen. Chuck Grassley made it clear that the Judiciary Committee, which he chairs, would not move to confirm a successor any time soon. When Sessions opposed Grassley's efforts at lenient sentencing legislation, the Iowa Senator called Sessions an ingrate and hinted that he might not stand up for him the next time Trump attacks. However, Grassley seemed more supportive during an interview last week with Bret Baier, saying that Sessions should not be fired.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, who appeared with Grassley, told Baier that firing Sessions would “blow up” the Judiciary Committee. To CNN, Graham said “it's a tough time right now to confirm somebody in a job like that.”
With Sessions out and no replacement confirmed, Rod Rosenstein would run the Justice Department. He's the guy who decided to appoint a special counsel and to select Robert Mueller for the job.
I suppose Trump could also fire Rosenstein. Who would be in charge of DOJ then? Rachel Brand, who the number three official left for a big job at Walmart. I think the Solicitor General, Noel Francisco, would be next in line. Francisco is a terrific lawyer and a very solid conservative. But he would face a huge learning curve transitioning from SG to Attorney General.
In any event, I don't believe Trump wants a replay of Nixon's “Saturday Night Massacre.” It would bring the Russia probe back to the fore and confirm the Democrats' “chaos narrative.” It would thus be a gift to Democrats heading into the mid-term elections.
So maybe Sessions' job is fairly safe until November.
Raymond A. Keller, 82, died peacefully November 16, 2017, at St. Anthony Park Home.
He graduated from the University of Minnesota and was a talented architect and artist. He resided in his St. Anthony Park home and community for over 40 years.
Ray is survived by his sister Virginia (Don), brother David (Lynn), sister-in-law Jacqueline Keller, and nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by brother Wendell and parents Leona and Raymond.
HYDERABAD: Was an infant killed in Hyderabad as part of some superstition on lunar eclipse in Hyderabad? Police are probing the angle of human sacrifice after the severed head of an infant was found dumped on the terrace of a house in Chiluka Nagar in Hyderabad on Thursday.
The incident came to light after a woman resident of the rented house went to the terrace in the morning to dry clothes. On seeing the head, she shouted in horror after which neighbours came to the scene.
They alerted the police immediately. There is no clarity yet over whether the baby is two months or three-months-old.
The woman's son-in-law Rajasekhar, who is a cab driver has been detained for questioning. Two other neighbours - Narahari and his son Ranjith - were also taken into custody after sniffer dogs led them to a dustbin in their house. The duo reportedly often performed pooja out of superstitious beliefs.
The terrace has no blood marks indicating the fact that the head was kept there after beheading. The police are also searching for the missing torso for the investigation.
In shock over the incident, Balalakshmi is in tears wondering why the terrace of their house was chosen for the beheading.
Cairo: Mohamed Salah could still play a role for Egypt at the World Cup after the Egyptian Football Association announced Wednesday that the injured Liverpool striker would be out for "not more" than three weeks.
"The football federation reiterates that Salah will be at the World Cup, God willing, and will be out for no longer than three weeks," the federation said after its president Hani Abu Reda and the team doctor met with Salah in Spain, where he is undergoing treatment.
Egypt's opening fixture in Group A is against Uruguay on June 15. They then face Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
Jammu: Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday visited the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir and interacted with soldiers guarding the border with China.
Sitharaman, who arrived at Thoise in Ladakh, "was briefed on the operational preparedness of the forward areas, following which she visited the highest post in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) sector and Chushul along the Indo-China border in Eastern Ladakh and interacted with the troops."
"This was the first ever visit of Raksha Mantri to DBO sector and to one of the highest posts in Eastern Ladakh. She was flown in an Army Aviation ALH helicopter," a statement from the Udhampur-based Northern Command of the Indian Army said.
Today visited some eastern Ladakh posts - DBO and Chushul sectors. pic.twitter.com/uz4YrHvEXM — Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) February 3, 2018
Altitude, adverse weather conditions notwithstanding, our brave warriors keep their motivation high. @DefenceMinIndia @adgpi pic.twitter.com/Db1c0Ewb2w — Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) February 3, 2018
Smt @nsitharaman visited the highest post in Dault Beg Oldie (DBO) sector & Chushul along the Indo-China border in Eastern Ladakh. She was briefed about the operational preparedness of the forward areas. 1/2 pic.twitter.com/VIh6r80QuM — Raksha Mantri (@DefenceMinIndia) February 3, 2018
Smt @nsitharaman also had an open interaction with soldiers & complimented them for their steadfastness & dedication despite the harsh climate & terrain. 2/2@NorthernComd_IA pic.twitter.com/8UbP4EfxMr — Raksha Mantri (@DefenceMinIndia) February 3, 2018
Daulat Beg Oldie is situated at a height of 16,700 feet in eastern Ladakh, where the temperature plummets as low as -55°C in winters in the area.
In her interaction with the troops, the Minister "complimented them for their steadfastness and dedication despite the harsh climate and terrain", the statement added.
"Her visit has further boosted the morale of the troops deployed at these extremely difficult snow-covered locations in Ladakh," it further said.
(With IANS inputs)
Morning Joe hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski are no strangers to accusations that they are friendlier with Donald Trump than is journalistically ethical. But apparently those claims reached a breaking point with Scarborough on Sunday night when he slammed reporter Sopan Deb on Twitter after Deb claimed Scarborough had "partied" at Mar-a-Lago on New Year's Eve.
It all started when Deb — formerly a Trump reporter with CBS, now a culture writer with The New York Times — tweeted this:
Morning Joe's hosts partied with Trump last night at Mar-a-Lago. Last year, Trump publicly thanked them for support. https://t.co/gLHtsOloph pic.twitter.com/6znKSoNf67 — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
Scarborough replied on Twitter: "Partied? You're very good at pushing fake news. You should write for CNN. Apparently making up facts is fine if you're writing about us." Scarborough went on, adding: "One of the more entertaining aspects of media coverage of media is how so many who blast Trump for half truths attack us with half truths … Last year I said Trump's campaign was racist, xenophobic, and disqualifying. But be snide while making facts up. Partied? Not even close."
To that last point, Deb jumped in to say:
I imagine you repeated that last night at Mar-a-Lago, @JoeNBC. Before the ball dropped, maybe even. https://t.co/xpiRV0JQKz — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
Scarborough clarified: "I 'partied' last night by watching Groundhog Day and Ghostbusters with my kids. Then watched the Mariah Carey dumpster fire. Around 7pm, I had a preset meeting with PEOTUS before his party … The event was black tie. Both Mika and I were in casual clothes, did not attend the party, and left before any 'partying' began."
Deb walked back on his claim that the show hosts had "partied," saying: "I should've chosen a better word. 'Attended' is more accurate."
"Thank you," Scarborough replied, "but I did not 'attend' the party … And I'm glad I didn't stay. Groundhog Day with the kids was great. And Mariah Carey ... Good God. A fitting coda to 2016." Jeva Lange
Antioch, CA…August 12…Reigning DIRTcar Late Model champion Richard Papenhausen turned in a dominant performance in winning the 20 lap Main Event Saturday night at Antioch Speedway. This was the second win of the season for Papenhausen, who started his night off with an eight lap heat race win. From the drop of the green flag, Papenhausen set a blistering pace and pulled ahead by a wide margin. He was never seriously challenged on his way to the victory. Jay Norton led a close three car battle for second for most of the race. As they raced to the checkered flag, ninth starter Clay Daly pulled even with Norton is a photo finish. Official scorers ruled that Norton finished second ahead of Daly, point leader Jeff Decker and David Newquist.
Point leader Bryan Grier won the 20 lap All Star Series Wingless Spec Sprint Main Event. This was the third win of the season for Grier, and it came after a good battle with Robert Floyd. The race only had one yellow flag, and Grier raced into the lead at the start ahead of Floyd and Shannon Newton. Floyd closed in on Grier after they completed the 16th lap, and he made an outside pass on the backstretch to gain the lead on lap 17. As they exited Turn 2, Newton spun for the only yellow flag. Scoring reverted back a lap, and Grier was put back into the lead. Floyd gave it a valiant effort on the final lap, but Grier kept his cool for the win. Previous winner Bob Newberry came from tenth starting to finish third, followed by Alan Miranda and Rick Panfili.
Jim Freethy won the 20 lap Limited Late Model Main Event. This was the first win of the season for the 2013 champion, and it should move him into second in the standings. Freethy has been consistent all year with five Top 3 finishes. On this occasion, he had to hold off point leader Kimo Oreta for the win. Heat race winner Mike Gustafson finished third ahead of Mark Garner and a season the best fifth for Chad Hammer.
After the Limited Late Model race, Mark Garner jumped into his B Modified and won that 20 lap Main Event. This was Garner's second win, and it came after contact sent him spinning in the late stages of the race. Heat winner Chuck Golden set the pace for four laps before Garner's inside pass in Turn 3 moved him ahead. On a lap 14 restarts, point leader K.C. Keller gained the lead from Garner, and contact sent Garner spinning in Turn 2 for a yellow flag. Garner was quickly back into second on the restart, and he gained the lead with Keller's solo spin in Turn 4 on lap 16. Keller made a last ditch attempt at the winning pass in the final turn, but he spun for the second time as Garner won ahead of Nick Caughman Jr. Keller settled for third ahead of Golden and Kevin Brown.
Michael Cooper won the 20 lap Hobby Stock Main Event. This was Cooper's first win since opening day. Fellow heat winner Melissa Myers ran second for the first 12 laps. After contact put Jordan Swank into the front wall for a lap 12 yellow flags, both Myers and fourth place Chris Long pitted with flat tires. Cooper led Cameron Swank on the restart. Despite late pressure from C. Swank, Cooper brought it home to victory. C. Swank settled for his fourth runnerup finish of the season as Myers, Chris Sorensen and Gene Haney rounded out the Top 5.
Kevin Miraglio won the 20 lap Dwarf Car Main Event. This was the first win for the defending champion since the season opener, and he also won his heat race. The race had heavy attrition as David Rosa hit the Turn 4 wall early. A stuck throttle in point leader Mike Corsaro's car resulted in a crash with Devan Kammermann that ended the race for both. Miraglio avoided the tangles and took the checkered flag ahead of Mike Reeder. However, Reeder was disqualified in post race tech. Brian Gray had his best night of the year with a heat race win and a second place feature finish, followed by Mario Marquez and Chris Becker.
Racing resumes next Saturday night with another six division All Star Series program that will feature Winged 360 Sprint Cars, BCRA Midget Lights, B Modifieds, Limited Late Models, Hobby Stocks and Hardtops. For further information, go to www.antiochspeedway.com.
Unofficial Race Results
DIRTcar Late Model
Heat Winners (8 Laps)-Richard Papenhausen, Jeff Decker. Main Event (20 Laps)-Richard Papenhausen, Jay Norton, Clay Daly, Jeff Decker, David Newquist.
Wingless Spec Sprint
Heat Winners (20 Laps)-Shannon Newton, Bob Newberry. Main Event (20 Laps)-Bryan Grier, Robert Floyd, Bob Newberry, Alan Miranda, Rick Panfili.
Limited Late Model
Heat Winner (8 Laps)-Mike Gustafson. Main Event (20 Laps)-Jim Freethy, Kimo Oreta, Mike Gustafson, Mark Garner, Chad Hammer.
B Modified
Heat Winner (8 Laps)-Chuck Golden. Main Event (20 Laps)-Mark Garner, Nick Caughman Jr., Chuck Golden, K.C. Keller, Kevin Brown.
Hobby Stock
Heat Winners (8 Laps)-Melissa Myers, Michael Cooper. Main Event (20 Laps)-Michael Cooper, Cameron Swank, Melissa Myers, Chris Sorensen, Gene Haney.
Dwarf Car
Heat Winners (8 Laps)-Kevin Miraglio, Brian Gray. Main Event (20 Laps)-Kevin Miraglio, Brian Gray, Mario Marquez, Chris Becker, Devan Kammermann.
When what we want as individuals clashes with what is best for the group, we have a social dilemma. How can we overcome these dilemmas, and encourage people to cooperate, even if they have reason not to? In a paper released today in Nature, Christian Hilbe and Krishnendu Chatterjee of the Institute of Science and Technology Austria (IST Austria), together with Martin Nowak of Harvard and Stepan Simsa of Charles University, have shown that if the social dilemma that individuals face is dependent on whether or not they work together, cooperation can triumph. This finding was the result of a new type of framework that they introduced--one that extends the entire theory of repeated games. Moreover, as their work pinpoints the ideal conditions for fostering cooperation, they have provided tools to systematically build cooperation.
The tragedy of the commons: if we can (ab)use a public good without seeing negative consequences, we will--without consideration of others or the future. We see examples of this in our daily lives, from climate change and forest depletion down to the stack of dirty dishes in the office kitchen. In game theory, scientists have used repeated games--repeated interactions where individuals face the same social dilemma each time--to understand when individuals choose to cooperate, i.e. their strategies. However, these games have always kept the value of the public resource constant, no matter how players acted in the previous round--something that does not reflect reality of the situation. In their new framework, Hilbe, Simsa, Chatterjee, and Nowak consider repeated games in which cooperation does not only affect the players' present payoffs, but also which game they face in the next round. "Repeated games have been studied intensely for over 40 years, and significant new developments are rare--especially such simple ones," says Martin Nowak. "This addition actually extends the whole theory of repeated games, as a fixed environment is a special case of our new framework."
When they explored the new model, the scientists found that this dependence on players' actions could greatly increase the chance that players cooperate--provided the right conditions were in place. "Our framework shows which kinds of feedback are most likely to lead to cooperation," says first author Christian Hilbe. These include, for instance, how quickly the resource degrades or how easy it is to return to a more valuable state. "Using this knowledge, you can design systems that maximize cooperation, or create an environment that encourages people to work together," he adds. For example, these ideas could even be implemented by a business or corporation, to create a work community that encourages working together.
The new research project also demonstrates how cooperations between fields of research can yield valuable results. "Working with computer scientists has been extremely rewarding for me as a biologist," adds Nowak. "The tools and perspectives they bring with them have had and will have a significant impact on what we can do." The authors talk more about how this particular project came to be in their post on the Nature blog.
###
IST Austria
By The Associated Press
TITISEE-NEUSTADT, Germany (AP) — Richard Freitag led a German 1-2 Sunday to win his second ski jumping World Cup of the season and extend his overall lead.
Strong winds and heavy snow forced the event to be postponed three times and the competition to be decided by one jump rather than two.
Freitag soared 145.0 meters for 128.4 points, beating teammate Andreas Wellinger by 2.4 after his jump of 139.5 meters.
Daniel Andre Tande of Norway was third, ahead of Japan's Junshiro Kobayashi and Norway's Robert Johansson.
After five events, Freitag leads the standings with 370 points, ahead of Wellinger on 319 and Tande on 280.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Public Affairs Committee (PAC) has released a tentative programme for the much awaited December 13 protests and settled for red as dominant colour. The protests are aimed at forcing the Peter Mutharika administration through Members…
The post PAC releases Dec 13 Malawi peaceful protests programme appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
North Hempstead Beach Park and Manorhaven Beach Park now have mobile mats for the 2018 season
North Hempstead's beaches and waterfront are now accessible to all this summer with the installation of beach mats at both North Hempstead Beach Park and Manorhaven Beach Park in Port Washington. Supervisor Bosworth was recently joined by the Town Board to unveil the new beach access mats at North Hempstead Beach Park.
The town installed ADA compliant beach access mats at North Hempstead Beach Park and Manorhaven Beach Park in order to make the beach and waterfront more easily accessible to all residents, including those using wheelchairs or walkers. It will also make traveling on the beach easier for all residents, allowing easy navigation with a stroller, cart or cooler.
The installation of these beach pathway mats is a part of Supervisor Bosworth's initiative to improve the quality of community life for residents with disabilities. Supervisor Bosworth created the Disability Advisory Committee in 2016 which has since provide the town valuable input on different programs for residents with disabilities including extending the town's Project Independence Taxi Ride program, which offers free or discounted taxi rides, to residents with disabilities. The town is also planting a sensory garden in Clark Botanic Garden which will be accessible to people with disabilities. It will encourage garden guests to touch, taste, admire and listen to what is growing there.
For more information on the beach access mats or the town's Disability Advisory Committee, please call 311.
Aden Country Park was the setting for the recent heritage fair, a free family event offering an array of traditional-themed activities.
The event celebrated the best of Aberdeenshire, including arts, culture, produce, a photographic exhibition, heritage and ancestry.
The BlooToon Picaroons entertained the crowds.
There was selection of craft and farmer's market stalls offering the best of locally-made produce from the North east of Scotland. Stands included honey from Longside apiaries wood items from Turlundie Wood turning and traditional children's wooden activities, demonstrations of butter making and homemade oat cakes.
An added attraction included a selection of vintage and classic cars from across Aberdeenshire
Sandy May from Buchan Heritage Society gave a glimpse of country life in days gone by, showing folk the Morrison Collection of photographs. The collection was discovered in 1985 in an old blocked up cupboard in the farm house at Stoneyards, Belhelvie where James Morrison had lived from around 1870.
Mr and Mrs Sibald, the then owners of Stoneyards, discovered the glass plates during renovations to the house.
Central Buchan Rotary had a stall selling purple Crocus bulbs an ‘End Polio Now' fundraiser. They also had a ‘Shelter Box' set up to show visitors the type of equipment that Rotary send to disaster areas throughout the world.
The Blootoon Picaroons finished off the day with an outdoor performance of two rival gangs of piratical landlubbers who were off in search of gold. The only trouble was they only have half a map and even less of a clue. The audience followed their exploits as they lost the plot, juggled fire, performed acrobatics on their way to find treasure.
A contentious plan for a lime quarry on the Nullaki Peninsula is set to be rejected by the City of Albany council for the second time in 12 months.
The council previously rejected the proposal for a lime quarry on Eden Road on the Nullaki Peninsula, west of Albany, due to concerns about land rehabilitation, last September.
Proponent and landowner Graeme Robertson, who submitted a licence to extract lime from the property, appealed the 2017 council decision to the State Administrative Tribunal, which last month ordered the council to reconsider its decision with amendments.
The proposal received 75 public submissions, with 69 objecting or raising serious concern.
In negotiations with the SAT, Mr Robertson amended the planned months of operation at the quarry and reduced truck movement.
He also proposed paying $30,000 a year in royalties to the Nullaki Wilderness Association to support conservation in the area.
Camera Icon Eden Road Nullaki Albany WA
However, despite this, executive director development services Paul Camins has recommended the council reject the application at this month's meeting.
“Staff remain of the view that the proposal is not consistent with the objectives and provisions of the (Albany local planning scheme) conservation zone, and recommend that council refuse the proposed development,” the report said.
Under the City of Albany's town planning scheme, the Nullaki Peninsula has been established as a conservation zone, therefore lime quarry activity will interject with conservation objectives in the area.
WA Department of Planning, Lands and Heritage also did not support the project, claiming land preservation in the region was more important than lime extraction. The department noted the area was primarily residential and lime extraction would have a direct impact on the area's conservation purposes.
The Department of Parks and Wildlife has also advised the City to object to the proposal given its closeness to the Bibbulmun Track.
The matter will go before Wednesday's committee meeting before it goes before the ordinary council meeting.
The Fiesta Mart on Harwood Road in Bedford went out of business in July. Steve Kaskovich Star-Telegram
Cathy Young is a contributing editor to Reason magazine.
HIGHLIGHTS Russia scandal will continue to plague the White House, even as Moscow reels.
Remember Donald Trump's alleged Russia connection? That scandal has faded into the background in the last two weeks since Trump ordered airstrikes in Syria against the forces of Kremlin ally Bashar Assad and a new big chill between the United States and Russia set in. Nonetheless, the Trump-Russia story has not gone away. And while it almost certainly won't develop the way Trump critics hope, it will probably cause the Trump White House more headaches.
The narrative of Trump as Vladimir Putin's puppet is difficult to sustain today, with the United States accusing the Kremlin of abetting Assad's chemical attack on civilians and indicating that it might seek new sanctions against Russia. Some Trump foes, such as Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.), have suggested Putin and Trump might be staging a quarrel. That's far-fetched — and ironic, considering how much ridicule has been directed at Trump's and his supporters' penchants for conspiracy theories.
Some also have pointed to the fact that Trump has not personally criticized Putin and has expressed hope for better relations as evidence that he is beholden to the Kremlin after all. But that, too, is a stretch. Trump did say Putin was “backing a truly evil person” in Syria, which is about as harsh as American presidents generally get toward Russian leaders.
While the administration has given mixed signals on Syria — including whether the United States is committed to Assad's removal — its tough stance vis-a-vis Russia seems real. Trump's newfound affection for NATO is probably not a coincidence.
Yet there is evidence of extensive contacts during the election campaign between Trump's advisers and Russian officials and business people connected to intelligence services and to the Kremlin.
We have learned that the FBI monitored former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page, known for Kremlin sympathies and financial interests in the Russian energy sector. We have learned about large payments former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort — now belatedly registering as a foreign agent — got several years ago from pro-Russia clients in Ukraine.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Meanwhile, the British media have reported that British intelligence warned U.S. agencies about communications between Trump staffers and Russian officials as early as 2015. Some details in the infamous Trump dossier compiled by a former British spy and suggesting that Trump was personally compromised on a trip to Moscow are checking out, though not in relation to Trump himself.
Unless there's a trail leading directly to Trump, impeachment talk from the Democratic “resistance” will remain a fantasy. Still, if it is shown that close Trump aides promised the Russians Trump would pursue policies favorable to the Kremlin — and knew about Russian hacking intended to damage Hillary Clinton — this will ensure a scandal-plagued administration for the foreseeable future. If the Trump campaign was crawling with Russian stooges, and he knew nothing about it, that hardly makes the president look good.
As for the Russians, they seem genuinely shaken by Trump's hawkish drift (foreshadowed weeks ago by the hiring of Kremlin-critical advisers such as the Brookings Institution's Fiona Hill). Pro-Putin pundits in Moscow who sometimes referred to Trump as “our candidate” now lament that Trump has been co-opted by the establishment. At the UN, the Russian representative went on a rant, blaming Britain for subverting the chances of a U.S.-Russian partnership. It sounds like Russian officials are reeling from the loss of the friendship they hoped for.
If so, they can join the club of people fooled by Trump's campaign promises.
Cathy Young is a contributing editor to Reason magazine.
© AP Photo/ Carolyn Kaster US Lawmaker Says Michael Flynn Will Be Replaced by 'Someone Equally Qualified'
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)On Monday, Flynn stepped down after information about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak prior to Trump's inauguration was leaked to the media and amid the debates on whether he violated the Logan Act of 1799 that prohibits private US citizens from engaging with foreign nations in diplomatic disputes.
The campaign, which might have included Ben Rhodes, Obama's deputy national security adviser for strategic communication, aimed to discredit Flynn because of his skepticism about the nuclear deal with Iran, the Washington Free Beacon newspaper reported, citing multiple undisclosed sources, some of them from inside the White House.
According to the newspaper, the effort was meant to prevent the administration of President Donald Trump from disclosing secret details of the Iranian deal.
The outlet said the sources were concerned that other prominent figures in the current administration could become targets of similar campaigns next.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
New Delhi: Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan starrer 'Dangal' is not only impressing the audience with its breathtaking storyline but, also, its versatile music is doing the magic. Recently, the filmmakers released video of the song 'Naina' and it is emotional enough to touch your heart.
'Naina' has been sung by ace vocalist Arijit Singh on the tunes of Pritam. Its lyrics have been penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
At the Box Office, 'Dangal' has now reportedly collected more than Rs 270 crore. It is likely to cross the Rs 300 crore mark soon. If this happens, then the Nitesh Tiwari directorial will become Mr Perfectionist's second film to enter the Rs 300 crore club.
'Dangal' highlights wrestling as a sport by putting forward the real-life struggle of ace wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat. The flick also stars Sakshi Tanwar, Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra in prominent roles.
It was released on December 23 last year.
The government says U.S. airlines canceled fewer flights in 2016 than any year on record while also posting record-low numbers for lost bags and passengers getting bumped off oversold flights.
And it says airlines had one of their best years for on-time arrivals, although it wasn't a record and December was worse than the same month a year earlier.
The Transportation Department reported Tuesday that the 12 leading U.S. airlines canceled 1.17 percent of flights last year, the lowest rate among comparable figures going back to 1995. The previous best was 1.24 percent in 2002, when travel decreased after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
So you might think it's all upgrades and free snacks in the air. Travelers know better.
Airlines have added extra fees for many things that used to be included in the ticket price. Changing a ticket? That will cost you up to $200, depending on the airline, and even more for international flights.
Average legroom has been shrinking for years. To squeeze in more seats, the cushions are getting thinner. Air travel is less egalitarian — the biggest airlines boast about fancy new seats and other amenities for passengers in the premium cabins, but they are also introducing “basic economy” fares that in some cases don't let coach passengers use the overhead bins.
Still, air travel is first about getting quickly from one place to another. And the airlines seem to be doing a better job of that.
The Transportation Department says 81.4 percent of domestic flights arrived on-time, which the government defines as within 15 minutes of the scheduled time. That was the fourth-best year since 1995. But December's on-time rate of 75.6 percent was down from 77.8 percent in the previous December.
Hawaiian Airlines, Alaska Airlines and Delta Air Lines had the best on-time rates for the full year. December's leaders were Hawaiian, Delta and American Airlines. Spirit Airlines ranked last for 2016, but rival budget carrier Frontier Airlines was last in December.
The bad news was that there were more long delays in any year since 2013. There were 84 domestic flights last year that sat on the ground for more than three hours, and 36 international flights that waited at least four hours — long enough on all those flights that the government could fine the airlines.
The airlines reported that one bag was lost, stolen or delayed for every 370 passengers, the best rate since the Transportation Department started tracking the figure in 1987. Virgin America had the lowest rate of mishandled bags in 2016, while ExpressJet mishandled bags most often.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
In the third week of September last year intensive care units across Australia struggled to function after being inundated with patients severely sick with the flu.
Professor David Pilcher at The Alfred hospital in Melbourne was working night shifts that "shocking" week and said the ICU was seriously under strain.
"We had a large number of ventilated patients, we had patients on heart-lung machines, we almost ran out of dialysis machines to treat patients with kidney failure," said Prof Pilcher.
It was the busiest ICU he had worked in for years.
A study released on Thursday has now shown ICU admissions in Australia and New Zealand in 2017 peaked at levels not seen since the swine flu pandemic of 2009.
Researchers at Monash University examined all admissions to 181 ICUs between January 2009 and December 2017 using the The Australian and New Zealand Intensive Care Society (ANZICS) Adult Patient Database.
Compared to past seasons, pneumonia and sepsis ICU admissions rose by as much as 50 per cent in 2017 - the highest seen since registry records began in 1993.
This was the indirect consequence of the flu outbreak, Prof Pilcher said.
"The intensive care data doesn't specifically tell you about flu but what it does tell you about is admissions due to pneumonia and sepsis, severe life-threatening infections," he said.
Admissions progressively climbed over the winter period and then peaked the the week beginning September 17.
"That climb in admissions and peak exactly matched the flu notifications," Prof Pilcher said.
"Anecdotally the patients that we were seeing coming in and filling up our ICUs, here in Melbourne and in Sydney and elsewhere around Australia, were patients with flu and with infections they got as a consequence of flu," he said.
At the peak, pneumonia or sepsis accounted for 16 per cent of all ICU admissions.
In 2017, a record 1100 influenza-associated deaths were recorded, of which 90 per cent were elderly patients.
The flu virus can directly affect the lungs but also makes the body more vulnerable to other infections.
"Because you are already sick when you get that infection you are more likely to get sepsis, which is the development of organ failure," explained co-author Dr Aidan Burrell.
"Why one person gets it and another person doesn't is difficult to say," he said.
But it's not just old people who are at greater risk, he warned.
"We saw many young people, particularly here at The Alfred, with very severe sepsis," Dr Burrell said.
He hopes the study will better prepare ICUs for similar flu seasons and encourage people to get vaccinated.
"Vaccination is a really important part of prevention of these outbreaks," Dr Burrell said.
Staying at home when sick and handwashing are also critical to prevent the spread of flu, he said.
"If everyone does that we can really prevent another flu season like last year."
Unmuzzled by Legislature's subpoena, Bay Area woman backs workers rights bill
Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Tara Zoumer, middle, after a news conference at the state Capitol...
SACRAMENTO — A Bay Area woman told state lawmakers Tuesday that she was grateful the Assembly issued its first subpoena in nearly two decades so she could speak in support of legislation that its author calls a possible tool for victims of sex harassment.
“Without it, I risk being sued for telling you the truth of my experience,” said Tara Zoumer.
Zoumer did not allege she was the target of sex discrimination when she was an associate community manager at the multibillion-dollar startup WeWork, which rents office space to entrepreneurs. Instead, she claimed that the firm had wrongly fired her after a series of events stemming from her complaint that employees at the company were overworked.
But it took a legislative subpoena to free her from a legal muzzle that prevented her from speaking publicly. The state bill's author says that muzzle is the same one that silences many women who can't take their employers to court for alleged sexual harassment and discrimination because of arbitration agreements they're forced to sign as a condition of getting or keeping their jobs.
The bill, AB3080 by Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez Fletcher, D-San Diego, passed the Assembly Judiciary Committee on a 6-3 vote along party lines Tuesday, with Democrats supporting and Republicans opposing. It now goes to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, which Gonzalez Fletcher chairs.
Zoumer said she was living paycheck to paycheck in 2015 while working in Berkeley at WeWork, “where my title was vague and my salary was low, but I was excited to be part of a growing company.” But she said she soon began to feel that the company was exploiting employees by requiring them to work far more hours than they were paid.
She said she reported to WeWork executives that the company was understaffed and that employees were overworked and stressed.
“I was met with a common Silicon Valley answer: ‘We are a startup. We are figuring these things out,' ” she said.
Zoumer said she began talking to co-workers about filing a class action lawsuit claiming that they were misclassified as salaried workers when they should be paid by the hour. She said a few weeks later, the company required employees to sign new contracts that included an arbitration agreement that waived their ability file a class action suit. When she refused to sign the waiver, she said, she was fired.
“In one day I watched a company take away people's rights to fight in their own courts and as a collective unit,” she said.
A spokesman for WeWork declined to comment Tuesday.
Zoumer filed a lawsuit against WeWork and reached a settlement that included a nondisclosure agreement barring her from speaking publicly.
The state Assembly served Zoumer with a subpoena Monday that freed her to speak at the public hearing in the Capitol. Zoumer said she was willing to testify, but faced a potential lawsuit and financial damages if she broke her nondisclosure agreement without being subpoenaed.
The summons was the first issued by the Legislature since 2001, when lawmakers tried to force Enron officials to testify in a Senate committee about energy market manipulation in the state.
Gonzalez Fletcher said subpoenas could become a tool for allowing victims of sexual harassment, discrimination and wage theft to talk freely despite settlements stemming from forced arbitration agreements.
“This was an unprecedented move,” Gonzalez Fletcher said. “The problem is we have NDAs (non-disclosure agreements) and so we don't have a lot of victims, if you will, of these requirements that can come and testify.”
Under AB3080, companies could still ask workers to voluntarily sign arbitration waivers, but would be barred from retaliating against those who decline. The bill would not void arbitration agreements that have already been signed.
The California Chamber of Commerce has placed AB3080 on its annual list of “job killers” in the Legislature. The chamber argues that it will lead to more lawsuits against employers.
“Employers utilize arbitration not because they think they are going to get some advantage against the employees,” said Jennifer Barrera, senior vice president at the California Chamber of Commerce. “They utilize arbitration as a uniform way in which to resolve disputes to avoid litigation costs and attorney fees.”
Melody Gutierrez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @MelodyGutierrez
SAN FRANCISCO - Facebook Inc said on Monday that it removed or put a warning label on 1.9 million pieces of extremist content related to ISIS or al-Qaeda in the first three months of the year, or about double the amount from the previous quarter.
Facebook, the world's largest social media network, also published its internal definition of "terrorism" for the first time, as part of an effort to be more open about internal company operations.
The European Union has been putting pressure on Facebook and its tech industry competitors to remove extremist content more rapidly or face legislation forcing them to do so, and the sector has increased efforts to demonstrate progress.
Of the 1.9 million pieces of extremist content, the "vast majority" was removed and a small portion received a warning label because it was shared for informational or counter-extremist purposes, Facebook said in a post on a corporate blog here.
Facebook uses automated software such as image matching to detect some extremist material. The median time required for takedowns was less than one minute in the first quarter of the year, the company said.
Facebook, which bans terrorists from its network, has not previously said what its definition encompasses.
The company said it defines terrorism as: "Any non-governmental organisation that engages in premeditated acts of violence against persons or property to intimidate a civilian population, government, or international organisation in order to achieve a political, religious, or ideological aim."
The definition is "agnostic to ideology," the company said, including such varied groups as religious extremists, white supremacists and militant environmentalists.
Then, while Skye was recovering from the second bone-marrow transplant, Savren-McCormick said, one of her eyes started to swell and doctors diagnosed her with a second form of cancer — post-transplant lymphoproliferative disease. It had attacked her eyelid, both sides of her neck, her chest and her spinal column, her father said.
She needed chemotherapy, which wiped out the bone marrow — meaning she needed another transplant.
Savren-McCormick said that because there are regulations on donations, they returned to the Be the Match registry and found another donor — this time, using peripheral blood stem cells instead of the bone marrow. But, the father said, "if Hayden hadn't donated her bone marrow, our daughter would not have made it [to] her other donation. She got us to a place where we could survive this."
But Ryals said she didn't save the toddler.
"It has always been the other way around," she said. "She helped me. She saved me. … She's the real hero."
Over the past year, the two families stayed in contact with each other but had never met face to face. In March, Ryals sent Skye a very special present for her third birthday — an Elsa doll from the movie "Frozen," a Poppy blanket from "Trolls" and an invitation to her wedding.
"I said I wanted them to know how much I love them and how much they're wanted," Ryals said. She said that though she knew it was a long shot, she mentioned how nice it would be for Skye to be her flower girl.
Skye's father said the toddler was on oxygen at the time and battling graft-versus-host disease, a complication from stem-cell transplants. But, he said, as the wedding date approached, Skye got better, so they took her to Hartford.
Ryals and Skye met for the first time in the church a day before the wedding. Ryals said that when she walked in, she was overwhelmed with emotion. She walked over to Skye, she said, and fell to her knees.
Ryals said Skye's mother asked the toddler who Ryals was and she responded, "Hay-Hay," her nickname for Ryals. Then she hugged Ryals.
"It was like a fairy tale," Ryals said. She said she thought, " 'I can't believe I'm finally meeting this little girl.' ... It was unreal. It was magical."
On June 9, Skye entered the chapel, paving the way with flower petals just as she had been practicing — step, step, drop — her father said.
Ryals said there was not a dry eye in the church.
"It was amazing to me how many heart strings she tugged on all at once," she said.
Then Ryals walked down the aisle to marry her groom, Adrian, carrying a bouquet draped with something from Skye and her parents — a gold locket with Skye's picture tucked into one side and a message engraved on the other: "This heart beats with yours."
"I've never been able to describe our bond. I've never been able to explain it," she said. "That was the most perfect way I have ever heard it described."
During the ceremony, Skye sat quietly on the steps at the altar, playing with the leaves on a nearby fern and pulling on the bow on her dress.
Ryals said that she feels like she has known Skye and her parents her entire life.
Skye's father agreed.
"It's sort of like we got a new family in Alabama and it's been joyous," he said.
WASHINGTON — You're allowed to be jealous of the local NASA scientist who is going to Oregon for next week's solar eclipse. During a convergence of his great loves, Noah Petro will officiate the nation's first baseball eclipse game delay.
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center geologist Noah Petro is excited about the big game in Oregon and having a captive audience of 5,000 to educate about the moon during the eclipse game delay. Playing a morning game on Aug. 21: the Volcanoes vs. the Hops — yes, as in beer hops. (Courtesy NASA/W. Hrybyk)
On Monday, Aug. 21, the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes will play a team named for the brewing tradition in Oregon, the Hillsboro Hops. While the eclipse's path of totality doesn't cover any of the nation's major league baseball stadiums, it will pass over a few minor league stadiums — including some in the Salem-Keizer area of Oregon. Petro and NASA will join the teams there for eclipse-related events during a four-day “EclipseFest.”
While volcanoes and hops happen to be two of Petro's favorite interests, the geologist is also a huge baseball fan.
“I have been [a baseball fan] all my life — as a little kid going to minor league games all across the country, going to Nats games now with my family, I love baseball like almost nothing else,” Petro said.
And Petro loves the moon. He is the deputy project scientist for the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
Eclipse totality in Oregon is expected at about 10:17 a.m. on Aug. 21. The baseball game is scheduled for 9:35 a.m. Play will be stopped after the first inning so everyone can experience the celestial event.
“It will be a lot of fun,” Petro said. “This is a really great opportunity to talk to a stadium full of people … to tell them a little about the science that NASA does and will be doing during the eclipse, to tell them about our mission that's at the moon.”
Four days of “EclipseFest” at the ballpark will include a beer festival, fireworks, free Ken Griffey Sr. autographs and multiple NASA presentations.
As excited as he is about all the events, Petro also is concerned about safety; you should never observe the sun with your naked eyes.
“It's very important that people take viewing this eclipse seriously,” Petro said. “Get eclipse-viewing glasses or use an indirect viewing method — create a pinhole projector.”
Near the beginning and end of a full solar eclipse darkness in the path of totality is cut by spotlights of brightness. NASA Scientist Noah Petro explains. WTOP http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/AUDIO-TAB-BASEBALL-ECLIPSE.mp3 Download audio
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
—Courtesy The News
ISLAMABAD: The Senate on Monday strongly condemned and rejected the unilateral announcement made by the US President Donald Trump to shift the US Embassy from Tal Aviv to Jerusalem.
The Senate in its resolution passed unanimously said that the move was a flagrant violation of the international law, the UN Security Resolutions, especially Resolution Numbers 478 (1980) and 234 (2016) and the international norms.
The Senate expressed its serious concern over the implications of this decision for international peace and security, especially in the Middle East.
The Senate called upon the United Nations Security Council to take cognizance of the situation and take steps in accordance with the UN Charter and a number of its own resolution according to establishment of settlement by Israel in the Palestine territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, has no legal validity.
The Senate declared that the position taken by the US President has exposed the so-called position of the US as of an independent peace broker and put a halt to the peace talk.
It urged the US to revisit its decision immediately in order avoid the potentially grave repercussion in the region and beyond and to play its role to de-escalate the situation on the ground on the basis of international humanitarian law and the previous agreements and obligations.
The Senate declared that all the revealed religions including Judaism, Christianity and Islam claim their affiliation with the holy city of Jerusalem, however the US President Trump through announcement had tried to nullify the religious diversity present in the territory.
The Senate reiterated that any attempt to sabotage the peace process would be the darkest decision of the history and historical wrongs could never be lasting.
The Senate appreciated the international community for rejecting the position taken by the US President, which had resulted in an isolated United States at the international front.
The Senate condemned the killings of innocent citizens at the hands of Israeli forces which proved that the US decision was an aggression and a declaration of war.
The house rejected Israel's sovereignty over all or any part Palestine, including Jerusalem and reaffirmed its full support, solidarity and commitment with the Palestine brothers and sisters towards their just cause of freedom.
It also called upon the government to immediately convene a joint sitting of the parliament to discuss the issue and explain its policy and the initiative to be taken to address the grave and immediate challenges.—APP
click image
Sign up to win on our Free Stuff for an Exclusive prize valued at $500 from some of the most luxurious boutiques on King Street.*Must submit entry before 11:59 pm on 2/22/17.Winner will be announced February 23rd.Be sure to pick up a passport and join in on the Spring Stroll discounts, snacks, and sips.
Republican U.S. Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he expects President Donald Trump to pull out of the Iran nuclear agreement in May. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
In spite of getting linked with SARMS, Stenabolic (SR9009) is in truth a Rev-ErbA ligand. It implies SR binds to this protein and tends to make it extra active. Consequently, the user will experience plenty of constructive effects, for instance elevated fat loss, enhanced endurance, and several other health added benefits. Interestingly, it can be one of many newest advances in pharmacology, however it is currently having increasingly more reputation among athletes all over the world. Consequently, in this write-up we'll go over what SR9009 is, how it works, and each of the benefits it might supply for the user. Get much more information about sr9009
What's Stenabolic (SR9009)?
Also called Stenabolic, SR9009 has been developed by Scripps Investigation Institute under the leadership of professor Thomas Burris.
As mentioned beforehand, SR9009 is really a synthetic Rev-Erb ligand, which is taken orally. This is a really unique compound. By stimulating the Rev-Erb protein, SR9009 has the potential to tremendously influence plenty of regulatory mechanisms inside the human physique. For instance, it may have an effect on the circadian rhythms, lipid and glucose metabolism, fat-storing cells, as well as macrophages. Hence, Stenabolic will allow the user to shed fat and drastically raise endurance, each of which are very desirable effects for an athlete.
How it performs
By binding and activating the Rev-Erb protein, Stenabolic triggers an extremely wide variety of processes within the physique. The most prominent getting the improvement of mitochondria count within the muscle tissues and an enhanced metabolism.
As a consequence from the increased variety of mitochondria within the muscle tissues, the user will notice a drastic improvement in endurance and muscle strength. Actually, the mice utilised in studies could run 50% a lot more after they were administered with SR9009, both when it comes to distance and time. That is probable because of the truth that these mitochondria are precisely the ones generating power inside the physique. Apart from, due to to enhance in variety of macrophages, defective mitochondria are removed from the muscle tissues and replaced with new ones.
In addition, to adjust in metabolic prices increases energy expenditure by 5% even when the user is resting; hence, SR burns excess calories and does not enable them to convert into fat. This, coupled with enhanced metabolism of glucose, assists efficiently burn fat, which tends to make the physique act is if it has been within a continuous state of exercising.
This means that much less fat is stored, less cholesterol is developed by the liver, and much more fat and glucose is burned within the muscle tissues.
Nevertheless, these are not the only positive health effects seen with stenabolic. In actual fact, within the studies carried out with this compound it was found that it is going to reduce:
Plasma triglycerides by 12%
Total cholesterol by 47%
Plasma non-esterified fatty acids by 23%
Plasma glucose by 19%
Plasma insulin level by 35%
If that wasn't sufficient, we need to mention that SR9009 will also decrease proinflammatory cytokine IL-6 by a whopping 72%, that will obviously be incredibly valuable for the reduction of inflammations.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Major roadworks leading into the University of Gloucestershire's new multimillion pound development could threaten its grand opening.
Work on the £16million development at the Oxstalls campus in Gloucester is under way but necessary improvements to the Cheltenham Road/Oxstalls Lane junction risk grinding plans to a halt.
A hub of fibre optic cables and underground infrastructure such as water, power and gas lines, is in the way of the university completing a huge business school by September this year.
City councillors will gather next week to vote on whether roadworks on the junction should commence before more than half of the business school is built.
A report to be presented to the council's planning committee says: "The approved junction improvement scheme is already underway, however as noted given the extent of work required to be carried out by statutory utility operators there is a concern that the improvement works may not be complete prior to the intended September 2018 opening of the business school.
"The applicants have noted that it is still their intention to complete the highway improvement works in accordance with the approved scheme as soon as practically possible."
The development will be home to a business, marketing, human resource management and accounting and finance course.
The university wants to build student halls of up to 200 beds on the former Debenhams playing field off Estcourt Road.
The halls would be separated into two three-storey blocks and another two-storey building.
University bosses claim it will bring in at least 2,000 more students to Gloucester and increase the skilled workforce, innovation and enterprise in city and county.
The halls would form part of the university's masterplan to transform the campus - it also hopes to build a 12-court sports centre, cricket pavilion and two 250 seater grandstands.
Each block would have adjoining bedrooms and a lounge and kitchen at the end, with laundry facilities on the ground floor. The plans also include landscaping and a network of pathways linking up the site.
The planning application has been hit back-and-forth between councillors and the university since July 2016.
Gloucester City Councillors will meet on June 5 at 6pm.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Self-Portrait with Blue
Darker shades contain black or grey. I claim
the median and the shortened spectrum, near dawn's terminus.
In many languages, one word describes both blue and green.
Homer had no word for it.
The color of moonlight and bruises, of melancholy and unmet
expectation, it cools and calms, and slows the heart.
Woad. Indigo. Azurite. Lapis lazuli. Dyes. Minerals. Words. Alchemy.
On this clear day I stretch my body on the pond's surface and submerge.
Not quite of earth, blue protects the dead against evil in the afterlife,
and offers the living solace through flatted notes and blurred 7ths.
Blue eyes contain no blue pigment.
In China, it is associated with torment. In Turkey, with mourning.
Between despair and clarity, reflection and detachment,
admit the leaves and sky, the ocean, the earth.
Water captures the red, but reflects and scatters blue.
Look to me and absorb, and absorbing, perceive.
This originally appeared in the Silver Birch Press Self-Portrait Series, and is included in The Circumference of Other, my offering in the Silver Birch Press chapbook collection, IDES, published in October 2015.
New Delhi: Three months after the rollout of the new indirect tax regime, the GST Council on Friday made sweeping changes to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes, eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items.
Also read: Modi congratulates Jaitley, says changes have made GST even simpler
Businesses with annual turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore, which constitute 90 percent of the taxpayer base but pay only 5-6 percent of total tax, have been allowed to file quarterly income returns and pay tax instead of the current provision of monthly filings.
Also, the turnover threshold for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 percent tax without going through tedious formalities, was raised to Rs 1 crore from current Rs 75 lakh.
The government has also revoked GST notification on gems and jewellery. A separate notification in this regard will be issued later. Bringing in some more reforms, the government said that any person buying jewellery worth above Rs 50,000 will not have to furnish PAN card and Aadhaar Card details.
Entities dealing in gems, jewellery and other high value goods and has an annual turnover of over Rs 2 crore will no longer be under the purview of the money laundering act.
Eating out is set to become cheaper with the GST Council agreeing to reduce the GST rate from the current 18 percent to 12 percent. Jaitley said a group of ministers would revisit the tax on AC restaurants.
Also read: Will eating out become cheaper? GST Council to review how restaurants are taxed
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has recommended the following facilitative changes to ease the burden of compliance on small and medium businesses:
Composition Scheme
The composition scheme shall be made available to taxpayers having annual aggregate turnover of up to Rs 1 crore as compared to the current turnover threshold of Rs 75 lakh. This threshold of turnover for special category States, except Jammu & Kashmir and Uttarakhand, shall be increased to Rs 75 lakh from Rs 50 lakh .
The turnover threshold for Jammu & Kashmir and Uttarakhand shall be Rs 1 crore. The facility of availing composition under the increased threshold shall be available to both migrated and new taxpayers up to 31.03.2018.
Persons who are otherwise eligible for composition scheme but are providing any exempt service (such as extending deposits to banks for which interest is being received) were being considered ineligible for the said scheme. It has been decided that such persons who are otherwise eligible for availing the composition scheme and are providing any exempt service, shall be eligible for the composition scheme.
A Group of Ministers (GoM) shall be constituted to examine measures to make the composition scheme more attractive.
Also read: India Inc welcomes outcome of GST meet
Relief for Small and Medium Enterprises
Presently, anyone makes inter-state taxable supplies, except inter-State job worker, is compulsorily required to register, irrespective of turnover. It has now been decided to exempt those service providers whose annual aggregate turnover is less than Rs 20 lakh (Rs 10 lakh in special category states except J & K) from obtaining registration even if they are making inter-State taxable supplies of services. This measure is expected to significantly reduce the compliance cost of small service providers.
To facilitate the ease of payment and return filing for small and medium businesses with annual aggregate turnover up to Rs 1.5 crores, it has been decided that such taxpayers shall be required to file quarterly returns in FORM GSTR-1,2 & 3 and pay taxes only on a quarterly basis, starting from the Third Quarter of this Financial Year i.e. October-December, 2017. The registered buyers from such small taxpayers would be eligible to avail ITC on a monthly basis. The due dates for filing the quarterly returns for such taxpayers shall be announced in due course. Meanwhile, all taxpayers will be required to file FORM GSTR-3B on a monthly basis till December, 2017. All taxpayers are also required to file FORM GSTR-1, 2 & 3 for the months of July, August and September, 2017. Due dates for filing the returns for the month of July, 2017 have already been announced. The due dates for the months of August and September, 2017 will be announced in due course.
The requirement to pay GST on advances received is also proving to be burdensome for small dealers and manufacturers. In order to mitigate their inconvenience on this account, it has been decided that taxpayers having annual aggregate turnover up to Rs 1.5 crores shall not be required to pay GST at the time of receipt of advances on account of supply of goods. The GST on such supplies shall be payable only when the supply of goods is made.
Other Facilitation Measures
After assessing the readiness of the trade, industry and Government departments, it has been decided that registration and operationalization of TDS/TCS provisions shall be postponed till 31.03.2018.
The e-way bill system shall be introduced in a staggered manner with effect from 01.01.2018 and shall be rolled out nationwide with effect from 01.04.2018. This is in order to give trade and industry more time to acclimatize itself with the GST regime.
The last date for filing the return in FORM GSTR-4 by a taxpayer under composition scheme for the quarter July-September, 2017 shall be extended to 15.11.2017.
Also, the last date for filing the return in FORM GSTR-6 by an input service distributor for the months of July, August and September, 2017 shall be extended to 15.11.2017.
Invoice Rules are being modified to provide relief to certain classes of registered persons.
Tax rates on 27 items cut
Jaitley said the Council also decided to cut GST rate on 27 common use items.
GST on unbranded namkeen, unbranded ayurvedic medicine, sliced dried mango and khakra has been cut to 5 percent from 12 percent, while the same on man-made yarn used in textile sector has been reduced to 12 percent from 18 percent.
Tax on stationery items, stones used for flooring (other than marble and granite), diesel engine parts and pump parts has been cut to 18 percent from 28 percent. GST on e-waste has been slashed to 5 percent from 28 percent.
Food packets given to school kids under Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) will attract 5 percent tax instead of 12 percent.
Job works like zari, imitation, food items and printing items would attract 5 percent tax instead of 12 percent. Government contracts involving high amount of labour will be levied 5 percent GST instead of 12 percent in order to contain cost of those programmes, he said.
Will Patterson
A&E EDITOR
February is Black History Month, and the University of Nebraska at Omaha's Office of Multicultural Affairs is hosting events celebrating and educating others about African-American culture.
Nicholas Banks, an Office of Multicultural Affairs staff member, said that this year will have a mix of new and returning events.
Kicking off UNO's Black History Month observance is Gospel Fest on Feb. 1, a returning event celebrating religiously themed hymns. The event will have participation from several churches and local gospel artists.
“I think everyone was able to come and join and hopefully take something away regardless of your religious affiliation,” Banks said.
Last year's Gospel Fest took place on the UNO campus, but this year it will be held at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Free garage parking will be available for those attending the event.
Every Thursday in December, there will be on-campus screenings of “Hidden Colors” documentaries. The four installments shown throughout the month will explore people of color's untold history from all around the globe.
The Office of Multicultural Affairs is partnering with UNO's Department of Black Studies for the “Hidden Colors” screenings.
Featured speaker Anand Prahlad will host a reading from his book on Feb. 7. Prahlad's book, “The Secret Life of a Black Aussie,” is a memoir about his experience as a black man diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome.
On Feb. 8, urban violinist Daniel D will have a musical performance in the Milo Bail Student Center ballroom. His music is known for bringing urban vibes to a classical instrument.
“Anybody than can take some-thing that may not be broadly associated with the urban environment or hip-hop culture, those things, to be able to do that with a violin is the merging of two worlds,” Banks said.
The Black History Month open mic night will be returning on Feb. 20. This evening will give students a chance to perform, speak and share ideas with the UNO student body and local community.
The open mic night will also feature readings from works produced by the Divine 9, who are nine historically black fraternities and sororities that have ties to many important activists and scholars. Additionally, the Meet the Greeks event on Feb. 27 will be providing information on the Divine 9 and how to get involved.
Rounding out Black History Month will be a panel discussion on local history in the Criss Library on Feb. 28. The event is part of Criss Library's ongoing oral history project.
Although Banks said he thinks the upcoming events will be fun, he also wants participants to take away a greater understanding of how important black history should be year-round.
“The entirety of a people cannot be encapsulated in the confines of one month,” Banks said. “If nothing else, Black History Month is really a stepping stone to be able to showcase the entirety of a people on a more grand scale, more consistently.”
Comments
comments
New Delhi (Sputnik) — At least 19 people, mostly Sikhs, were killed in a suicide bombing in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. Awtar Singh Khalsa, the only Sikh candidate running for the upcoming elections, was among the dead. The terrorist group Daesh has claimed responsibility.
In an unprecedented move, Afghanistan's ambassador to India Dr. Shaida Abdali has joined a massive protest organized by the Sikh community in New Delhi following a terrorist attack which left 19 people dead in Jalalabad, Afghanistan on Sunday. The protesters are demanding the protection of the Sikh community in Afghanistan.
#BREAKING: In an unprecedented development, Afghan diplomats participate in the protest by Sikh community in Delhi against terrorism after 19 were killed (mostly Sikh leaders) and 21 injured in Jalalabad city. Afghan diplomats assure them of speedy justice. Kudos @ShaidaAbdali pic.twitter.com/QNDd8QqybG — Aditya Raj Kaul (@AdityaRajKaul) July 3, 2018 hundred protesters gathered outside the High Commission of Afghanistan in New Delhi holding placards demanding justice for those killed in Sunday's suicide bombing. #Sikhs protests in #Delhi #India, after 17 members of #Afghan Sikh community killed in a #ISIS claimed suicide attack in #Jalalabad city of #Afghanistan.
Photo thanks to @sidhant pic.twitter.com/AvY7bp2Sms — Pajhwok Afghan News (@pajhwok) July 3, 2018 "Sikhs are the Ambassadors of peace across the globe, why killing of innocent Sikhs?" One of the placards read.
Protest in Delhi outside #Afghanistan embassy to ensure safety of sikhs. pic.twitter.com/hENBsQJhT0 — Paramvir Singh (@ChParamvir) July 3, 2018
Some protesters demanded that the government of India should provide refuge to Sikhs if the Afghan government fails to ensure their security.
"The casualties should be compensated by the Afghanistan government. We request that the Indian government provide citizenship to our people and relocate them to India," the protester told ANI.
READ MORE: Afghan President Declares End to Taliban Truce, Renewal of Operations – Reports
Expressing solidarity with the protestors, Ambassador Dr. Shaida Abdali assured them of speedy justice.
Earlier on Monday, a delegation of Afghan refugees living in Delhi called on Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj and sought her intervention to facilitate the travel of those Sikhs who want to leave Afghanistan and come to India.
Condemning the suicide attack in Afghanistan that killed 13 members from the Afghan Sikh community, EAM @SushmaSwaraj expressed sincere condolences during her meeting with a delegation of representatives of SGPC, Sikh community from Afghanistan and relatives of the victims. pic.twitter.com/iTlCkIX326 — Raveesh Kumar (@MEAIndia) July 2, 201
Sikhs practice a monotheistic religion that originated in the 15th century and are historically associated with the state of Punjab in northern India, where they constitute the majority.
* Daesh (also known as ISIS/ISIL/IS/Islamic State) — a terrorist organisation banned in Russia.
Birds sing differently in response to traffic noise, which potentially affects their ability to attract mates and defend their territory, according to research published in Bioacoustics. The study found that a species of North American flycatcher sings shorter songs at a lower range of frequencies in response to traffic noise levels. The researchers suggest traffic noise reduction, for example through road closures, is a viable option for mitigating this effect.
Dr. Katherine Gentry of George Mason University, Virginia, USA and colleagues studied the song of the Eastern wood pewee (Contopus virens) in three parks within the greater Washington, D.C. area. Songs were recorded at sites where the traffic pattern of the nearest road was either relatively constant or reduced on a weekly basis during a 36 hour road closure.
The bandwidth, duration, and maximum, peak and minimum frequencies of the birdsong was measured and analysed, together with low frequency traffic noise amplitude within 20 seconds of each song, and full-spectrum background noise levels.
The researchers found that the birds immediately responded to fluctuations in traffic noise by adjusting the length and frequencies of their song in order to improve its transmission. When roads were closed, songs returned to their natural state with broader bandwidth, lower minimum frequencies and longer duration.
Although making adjustments helps get songs across when traffic noise increases, birds hearing the altered calls might not respond as strongly to them, thus reducing the abilities of males that adjust their songs to attract a mate and defend a territory. By offering relief from traffic noise, temporary road closures provide birds with the opportunity to sing the version of their song that optimizes vocal performance, mate attraction and territorial defence.
While a uniform reduction in traffic noise is ideal, road closures are helpful and could form part of an effective conservation strategy, the authors say. This could help halt the decline of the Eastern wood pewee, whose numbers in the Washington D.C. area have reportedly fallen by over 50% in less than 70 years, and could also have a beneficial effect on other species capable of adjusting their signals on the fly.
The study's lead author, Dr. Gentry said: "We found that Eastern wood pewees modified their songs to optimize transmission depending on traffic noise levels. The results confirm that temporary measures to reduce traffic noise, such as weekend road closures, can benefit animals and is a feasible and effective option for managing traffic noise."
###
NOTE TO JOURNALISTS
When referencing the article: Please include Journal title, author, published by Taylor & Francis and the following statement:
To read the full article please email newsroom@taylorandfrancis.com or visit http://www. tandfonline. com/ doi/ full/ 10. 1080/ 09524622. 2017. 1303645
*Please note: This link will be live after 8am BST on April 18, 2017.
About Taylor & Francis Group
Taylor & Francis Group partners with researchers, scholarly societies, universities and libraries worldwide to bring knowledge to life. As one of the world's leading publishers of scholarly journals, books, ebooks and reference works our content spans all areas of Humanities, Social Sciences, Behavioural Sciences, Science, and Technology and Medicine.
From our network of offices in Oxford, New York, Philadelphia, Boca Raton, Boston, Melbourne, Singapore, Beijing, Tokyo, Stockholm, New Delhi and Johannesburg, Taylor & Francis staff provide local expertise and support to our editors, societies and authors and tailored, efficient customer service to our library colleagues.
For more information please contact:
Sayjal Mistry, Press & Media Relations Coordinator
Taylor and Francis Newsroom
Email: newsroom@taylorandfrancis.com
OTTAWA - Canadian medical experts are pointing to research that suggests cannabis could one day be used to help mitigate the use of powerful opioids.
Dr. Mark Ware, an internationally recognized researcher and the vice-chair on the federal government's task force on legalizing marijuana, says a legal framework for cannabis will help to facilitate further research.
Ware says opioids have a limited role in successfully treating chronic pain disorders, and that there may be a more expanded role for cannabinoid therapy to substitute or potentially reduce opioid use.
Opioid use in Canada is second-highest in the world after the U.S. on a per-capita basis.
Health Minister Jane Philpott says legalizing cannabis and opioid use are two separate issues, and that the potential harms and benefits of marijuana still need to be fully explored.
The government is aiming to have a legalized regime in place for recreational marijuana by July 2018.
Help is now just a button press away for some hotel workers in Las Vegas.
Scroll for more content...
Some properties have started to provide panic buttons to its employees. The goal is to protect vulnerable hotel workers from sexual harassment and assault.
MGM and Caesars, which settled with union workers, have already started to roll out panic buttons. These are small, wearable devices that workers can put in their pockets or easily carry.
Once an employee presses the button, it will alert authorities within seconds that they're in distress.
Some properties already have it but 8,700 workers are left unaccounted for as the union continues negotiations with other properties.
Dallamy Santos is a utility worker at The D hotel-casino. In the 16 years she's worked in the hotel industry, she's had a number of uncomfortable encounters with guests.
"One of the guests came to me offering me money... where you feel horrible because you go to work to provide for your family and you have things like that."
Back in 2016, Ivon Major was arrested for attacking and sexually assaulting a hotel housekeeper.
"For guest room attendants and even myself, sometimes we're inside the room and you never know what can happen in there."
Properties like the D, SLS and the Golden Nugget have yet to come to an agreement with the union.
Part of their demand: a panic button to keep employees like Dallamy safe.
Technovations Solutions is one of the companies that make panic buttons. Its CEO, Peg McGregor, says, "We've been hearing a lot from folks about panic buttons in anticipation of union contracts here."
Drew McLothin, of Technovations Solutions demonstrated how it works. "You can easily press this button without somebody knowing that they did so."
Once activated, it sends out information to authorities on who sent it, where the worker is, and for how long have they been in distress.
"So now we're seeing how long the alert's been going off so in this situation it's been two minutes."
If the worker moved from one location to another since he or she first activated the alarm, the system takes note of that and informs authorities as well.
MGM Resorts released a statement about the roll out of panic buttons:
"MGM Resorts has implemented safety-button technology at all of its properties and is working to implement even more robust safety devices in the near future. Safety-button technology is an important tool that allows us to be more proactive in ensuring employee safety, and we are committed to utilizing technology and other measures to keep guests and employees safe."
By MARLEY BROWN
Monday, December 11, 2017
Archaeologists working with aerial and satellite technology have discovered nearly 400 stone structures in a sparsely populated region of Saudi Arabia called Harrat Khaybar, dominated by now-inactive lava mounds. They estimate that the structures, which they call gates, date to the Middle Neolithic period, roughly 7,000 years ago. David Kennedy of the University of Western Australia explains that while the landscape now appears forbidding, the area has supported human communities in periods between eruptions. “The most recent eruption, as visible from the lava flow, was quite limited in its direct impact,” he says. “People lived there before recent times.” Kennedy has not been able to determine the function of the structures from satellite images alone. “I usually look for a simple solution,” he says. “In this case I would prefer an explanation related to everyday concerns such as food and water.”
People tend to think that bureaucracy is a problem of centralization—of power concentrated in Washington, DC, or in state capitals. I think the problem of bureaucracy is more cultural than organizational or doctrinal. The culture of bureaucracy has taken root in most local governments—the unit of government supposedly closest and most responsive to the people. Like the turtles in the probably apocryphal story of Bertrand Russell, it's bureaucracy all the way down. In fact it may be even worse at the local level than in Washington some times.
A few years ago I came across a map of the local jurisdictions that imposed bureaucratic restrictions (and often prohibitions) on . . . little kids lemonade stands, such as the Coralville, Iowa, police shutting down 4-year-old Abigail Krstinger's sidewalk lemonade stand because she lacked a $400 city permit—a feat duplicated in Midway, Georgia; Appleton, Wisconsin; McAllen, Texas, and more than three dozen other cities across the country that were reported in the media. Some parents were slapped with $500 fines for allowing their kids to sell lemonade without the proper (expensive) permits. Local bureaucracies have even restricted or stopped annual Girl Scout cookie sales drives. (See also this story.)
Public health bureaucrats might at least be able to make out a tendentious case of preventing an obscure lemon juice-borne bacteria, though none has yet been offered anywhere that anyone can find. Maybe kids will set up in a location that might cause traffic or is actually hazardous (like in the median of a busy boulevard or something). But in the absence of such rare circumstances the default position for any sensible person is that the number of kids lemonade stands that should be shut down is zero.
And so naturally this story has me reaching for my pitchfork:
Stapleton neighbor calls police on boys' Memorial Day lemonade stand DENVER — Being a mom can be a delicate balance—one that Jennifer Knowles knows all too well. She just earned her PhD while raising three rambunctious boys with her husband. The balance Knowles and parents all over the world face is loving and supporting their kids while teaching them about things like responsibility to lay the foundation for their futures. That was exactly what Knowles was trying to do this Memorial Day in her Stapleton neighborhood. “We have never had a lemonade stand and the boys thought Memorial Day weekend is going to be great weather, so why not have a lemonade stand across the street in the park,” Knowles said. . . All of the money from the stand was going to charity. The boys were planning on donating all of their proceeds to Compassion International. . .
Now you can guess what's coming next.
But just a half-hour into their business venture, police arrived. “The police officers came over and they said that because my boys and I did not have permits for a lemonade stand they shut us down and we had to stop immediately,” she said. “My boys were crushed. They were devastated. And I can't believe that happened. I remember as a child I always had lemonade stands and never had to worry about being shut down by the police officers. I mean that's unheard of.”
Turns out someone had complained to the police, which means the Knowles family has some truly crappy neighbors. But why should the police be so mindless as to jump to the complaints of neighbors about a kids lemonade stand?
Pitchforks.
Hundreds of people are expected to attend the switch-on ceremony for Aberdeen's Christmas Tree at the Castlegate on Thursday, November 23.
The 35ft Norwegian Fir, which is a gift every year from Aberdeen's twin city of Stavanger in Norway, arrived in the city's harbour on Wednesday November 15 and was erected at the Castlegate by Aberdeen City Council Tree Squad.
The switch-on ceremony starts at 7pm and is part of the city's Christmas in Aberdeen festive events line-up.
It will be carried out by The Lord Provost of Aberdeen Barney Crockett and the Deputy Mayor of Stavanger Bjorg Tysdel Moe, with Aberdeen Churches Together blessing the tree and giving the traditional reading, and a musical performance by Big Noise Torry.
Mr Crockett said: “The city centre already feels very festive with the Christmas Village on Broad Street, but the lighting of the Castlegate Christmas Tree is always a special event on the festive calendar that allows us to recognise the successful partnerships between organisations in Aberdeen and Stavanger that have been cultivated over the years.
“It is a pleasure to switch on the Christmas tree lights with the Deputy Mayor of Stavanger whose city has been so generous in gifting the tree to us; I am delighted that we have Aberdeen Churches Together providing the blessing of the tree and the musical performance by Big Noise Torry is sure to be a highlight of the evening.
“This is a wonderful festive occasion for all the family and the start of a weekend of exciting events culminating in the Christmas Lights Switch-On Parade led by Denis Law who received the Freedom of the City over the weekend?
Stephen Taylor of Aberdeen Churches Together (ACT) said: “ACT are delighted to be involved once again with the lighting of the Castlegate Christmas Tree. We have worked with Aberdeen City Council on this event for many years and it is always a highlight in our calendar of events”.
Laura Horn, Team Leader at Big Noise Torry, one of four Big Noise centres in Scotland run by the charity Sistema Scotland, said: "We're absolutely delighted to be taking part in the switching on of the Christmas Tree lights this year.
“We have 20 very excited children from Big Noise Torry looking forward to performing as part of a choir at the ceremony.
“The children, P4-5 pupils from Walker Road and Tullos primary schools, will be singing a short medley of Christmas songs to get everyone into the festive spirit.
“Being part of this special community event is a wonderful opportunity for the children to perform in front of their friends, family and community members, while also helping to build their confidence and self-esteem. We are extremely grateful to Aberdeen City Council and all our funders and partners for supporting Big Noise".
The lighting of the Castlegate Christmas Tree is the beginning of a weekend of festive events, which includes FINE Christmas Food and Drink Market and the Christmas Lights Switch-On Parade / Denis Law Freedom of the City on Sunday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Four Islamic State (Daesh) terrorists could have arrived in Germany from the Iraqi city of Mosul, media reported Monday.
According to the Bild news outlet, the German law enforcement authorities received the relevant information from the Austrian colleagues.
The Austrian law enforcement agencies also shared names of extremists, entered Germany via territory of Greece in early December.
The terrorist threat in Germany remains high after a truck rammed into a crowd at a Christmas market in the center of Berlin on December 19, killing 12 people and injuring almost 50 others. The suspected perpetrator, 24-year-old Tunisian citizen Anis Amri, was shot dead a few days later by police in Milan, Italy. Amri was suspected of having links to the Daesh terrorist group, outlawed in Russia, though his family denied any connection.
Fresh off the debut of the hot new i30 hatchback, our spy photographers caught up with the larger, arguably more luxurious i40 testing on public roads in Southern Europe. This is the first time we've seen the i40 Tourer testing, and though its doesn't show off much in these initial shots, it's easy to point out a few noticeable differences from the outgoing model.
Up front the i40 will get an all-new look that includes changes to the headlights and grille, features like LED daytime running lights and Hyundai's signature cascading grille will be added. At the rear, it's hard to distinguish any noticeable updates, but we know that the taillights will be brand new. Overall, the shape of the body remains relatively in line with the current model.
Though it may look like a light refresh, the i40 is expected to ride on an entirely new platform. The body will slightly longer giving way to a more spacious cabin, and a range of new engine options will be available under the hood. Both turbocharged gas and diesel options will be offered, with the possibility of a plug-in hybrid option later down the line.
The current i40 comes with either a 1.6-liter gas engine good for 133 horsepower (99 kilowatts), or a more powerful 2.0-liter unit producing as much as 176 hp (131 kW). A 1.7-liter diesel is also offered producing as much as 138 hp (102 kW), depending on the market.
The new Hyundai i40 Wagon is expected to make its debut late in 2018, if not early 2019 in markets like Europe and South Korea. Pricing should be competitive with the current model, which starts at £21,585 ($27,990) in the U.K.
Source: Carpix
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
Inpex says it's expecting to ship its first cargo from the Ichthys LNG project off the Kimberley by the end of September — a six-month delay from its previous target.
The Japanese energy company today said it had completed commissioning of the offshore central processing facility the Ichthys Explorer.
“This milestone marks the completion of the necessary commissioning of all key onshore and offshore facilities for production start-up,” Inpex said in a statement.
Once safety verifications were conducted, Ichthys would begin production of gas from the wellhead.
Inpex said the $US40 billion project would then proceed with shipment of cargoes towards the end of its first fiscal half ending September 30.
The first shipment is expected to be of condensate from the floating, production, storage and offloading vessel Ichthys Venturer, rather than LNG or LPG from the onshore processing plant near Darwin.
“The company's forecasted consolidated financial results for the year ending March 2019, which include the expected revenue contributions from the project, remain unchanged,” Inpex said.
More Videos 0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause 0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver 0:12 RAW: Wow what a catch by Stefan Cobbs 0:27 RAW: Trinity INT ends Carroll's opening drive 0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball? 0:13 RAW: Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay 0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
RAW: Haltom celebrates win vs Keller, 2-0 start in district Haltom rallied to defeat Keller for its second straight in District 3-6A. Video Michael Eldridge Haltom rallied to defeat Keller for its second straight in District 3-6A. Video Michael Eldridge Brian Gosset bgosset@star-telegram.com
Haltom rallied to defeat Keller for its second straight in District 3-6A. Video Michael Eldridge Brian Gosset bgosset@star-telegram.com
The first thing you'll notice when walking up to Sweet Cooie's is a story posted at its entrance. Written in a dark turquoise text and taking up almost four feet of the door, the epitaph describes the life of Paul Tamburello's mother Elaine, aka Sweet Cooie. It begins with a simple statement: “Elaine Tamburello was a woman with gumption.”
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
This statement, while it might appear just as a sweet homage, is actually the impetus behind the opening of Little Man's sister location. Because not only is it driven by heartfelt nostalgia and adoration for one woman, but it's also dedicated to the idea of helping all women find their own “gumption.”
“Our purpose here is really about women and empowerment,” said Paul. “Not with anything we give. I don't like the term empowerment in terms of what we give… it's about trying to capture the essence of who you are as a woman and just doing anything we can to support you to be who you want to be.”
Paul elaborated, that just like its Scoop for Scoop program at Little Man, a portion of the proceeds of every scoop of ice cream will go to non-profits. However is instead of donating to international nutrition efforts like its LoHi brother, Sweet Cooie's will raise money for local non-profits and international NGOs that focus on women.
“Our purpose here is to support women on their next great adventure,” said Paul explaining that one organization could include safe homes for victims of sex trafficking in Cambodia.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Among the flavors of these silver-lined scoops is its famous salted oreo, as well as eight (sometimes 10) new flavors just for this location. Sorbets and sherbets made with fresh squeezed juices are the highlight of the new menu along with handmade chocolates, freshly baked brioches and eclairs. There's even a new offering that combines its ice cream with a brioche bun for a toasted ice cream sandwich called the Gooey Cooie ($5).
You can enjoy these sweet treats while admiring the dream-like vintage interior of the shop. Modeled off a 20th-century soda fountain, the space is warm, inviting and infinitely charming —much like the woman described on its door. And with a 300-song playlist of her favorite musicals and operas, as well as walls painted her favorite shade of blue, it's not hard to feel as if you stepped into a memory spun by the grandmother herself. But as you get to talking to Paul, who grew up just down the street in Congress Park, you realize it is not only a tribute to her life but his as well.
“Coming back here is really home. I have so many memories of this corner in particular because of the pharmacy. We used to go door to door with all four of my siblings. We would ring the door bell and sing a song for a penny or a nickel and by the time we got all the way down here we had enough to buy candy,” he said.
Now Paul, who's most known for this work in the LoHi neighborhood with Little Man (which is named after his father), has returned to his block to serve some sweet treats of his own. Lucky for us, and the women it benefits, the sweetness of Sweet Cooie's will live on past the sugar rush.
All photography by Brittany Werges.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Sweet Cooie's in located at 3506 East 12th Avenue, Denver. It's open 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily.
A name that has been associated with the Jacksonville Jaguars for quite some time is that of soon-to-be free agent Kirk Cousins. However, in an interview with Sirius XM NFL Radio Friday, it was Cousins referencing the Jacksonville Jaguars instead of an interviewer beating him to the punch.
Kirk Cousins, on @SiriusXMNFL, asked how involved he'll be in free agency discussions. He's repped by Mike McCartney, son of former CU coach Bill McCartney. Mike also reps Trevor Siemian, FWIW. pic.twitter.com/sA7FuZfgVr — Nicki Jhabvala (@NickiJhabvala) February 2, 2018
Earlier in the week, Cousins told Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio that his upcoming decision wouldn't necessarily be about money, but more about finding a team he can win with. In Friday's interview with Sirius, however, it appears that Cousins may have been covering all of his bases by implying he could possibly turn a franchise around.
With the Jags reportedly set to bring Blake Bortles back in 2018 as their starter, it appears Cousins may be a fit for one of the league's other teams in need of a quarterback. Then again, you never know in today's NFL as the Jags may be setting up to throw the league for a loop. Who knows at this point?
With all the tidbits above taken into consideration, we'd like to hear from you all at home. Was Cousins hinting at the Jags to attempt to sign him? Or was he letting a team like the Cleveland Browns know he could take them to the top?
Pauline Hanson has revealed her party was given over $30,000 worth of free flights in a small plane.
Pauline Hanson has revealed her party was given over $30,000 worth of free flights in a small plane.
Pauline Hanson has declared her One Nation party was given more than $30,000 in free flights, despite originally insisting she did not have to disclose it.
The party's financial disclosure document was updated on Tuesday to include $30,375 worth of flights in a Jabiru light aircraft in 2015/16.
The plane had Senator Hanson's name and face emblazoned on it, but she's been adamant it had "nothing to do with the party".
Last year Senator Hanson confirmed Victorian businessman Bill McNee had "got the plane for (her chief of staff) James Ashby" and it did not go through the party office as a donation.
But on Tuesday, the party's disclosure document showed it was given 243 flight hours as a gift in-kind from Mr Ashby, at a cost of $125 an hour.
Senator Hanson this month slammed the Australian Electoral Commission for the length of its investigation into the ownership of the plane.
She said the AEC's solicitor "through someone associated with the party" had indicated there was no issue.
"For an organisation as big as the AEC, who have not come to a decision for more than a year, it's pathetic."
Last year she also accused the party's previous staff of incompetence, because they could not keep up to date with financial disclosure laws.
SHARE COPY LINK Freshman quarterback Trevor Lawrence signed with Clemson out of Cartersville, Ga. McClatchy tdominick@thestate.com
Freshman quarterback Trevor Lawrence signed with Clemson out of Cartersville, Ga. McClatchy tdominick@thestate.com
Leitrim's Déarbhla Rooney will fight for the gold medal on Wednesday afternoon, April 25, at approximately 2 pm Irish time after the Finals schedule for the European Youth Championships was released.
With four Irish boxers battling it out for the gold medal on Wednesday, Déarbhla's Bantam Weight (57Kg) fight against Slovakia's Jessica Triebelova will be fourth in the afternoon programme.
Déarbhla will revert to the blue corner for the Final after wearing red for the first time in the dramatic semi-final victory over Valerii Radionova of Russia on Tuesday afternoon.
Déarbhla's Irish teammate Daina Moorehouse will open the day's finals in the Featherweight decider against Russia's Kseniia Beschastnova while Evelyn Igharo takes on England's Gemma Richardson in the Light Welterweight Final two bouts after Déarbhla.
And the Irish contingent will be completed by Sligo's Dean Clancy who takes on England's Ivan Price in the Flyweight (52kg) Final, the second final of the evening programme.
There should be a full house for the Finals with two Italian boxers contesting the Finals between Moorehouse and Déarbhla.
You can watch Déarbhla's Final live online here.
click to enlarge Adam Manno
North Charleston police chief Reggie Burgess marches against violence on Rivers Avenue on Wed. May 30, 2018.
Reggie Burgess took to the streets Wednesday morning looking more like an inspired community activist than the head of the 340-officer North Charleston Police Department.Emphasizing the need to improve community-police relations, as well as the responsibility of citizens to alert authorities about suspected threats, his "Stop the Violence" march seeks to put the onus on citizens to help police themselves.About 10 citizens marched with officers outside of the Bradley Square Apartments on Rivers Avenue during a sweltering Wednesday morning, just one day after a 29-year-old man died from gunshot wounds after being found lying in the complex's parking lot. It was the third homicide in a week for the city of North Charleston, and the eighth so far this year, according to a NCPD spokesperson.Burgess first marched by himself on Mon. March 5 to raise awareness of the record number of homicides in his city in 2017, according to Live 5 News. He took to the streets again two days later, accompanied by a few officers. On Wednesday, he was joined by over a dozen members of his force."The message is law enforcement, the community, we can create a safe neighborhood," Burgess said in an interview after the march. "We understand that the field of law enforcement has taken a turn, but how do we turn it around?"Burgess, the first African-American police chief in North Charleston, says the public actions are just one part of some much-needed relationship-building between his department and the residents of the 47 percent African-American city.Though he emphasizes that the department focuses much of its efforts on preventing crime by doing things like attending community meetings, performing "spotlight walks" alongside citizens, and supporting recreation programs for the youth, he admits that preventing further violence requires people to contact authorities they don't always feel have their back. 2017 Gallup poll found that the percentage of Americans who shared "a great deal or quite a lot" of confidence in the police was 57 percent, returning to a 25-year average after a dip in confidence following shootings of unarmed black men by law enforcement. In contrast, only 30 percent of African-American respondents felt the same."That distrust can be attributed to never having a relationship," Burgess said. "You can't talk about it. You gotta get out here and do it. This is the action part."A North Charleston advisory commission on police-community relations was formed more than a year after the 2015 fatal shooting of unarmed motorist Walter Scott by North Charleston police officer Michael Slager. The case, and the ensuing trials, shined a national spotlight on the Charleston area and became yet another example in the national debate over the use of force by police.Burgess says that his focus isn't on improving officer training or behavior, at least not with this series of marches. He was initially inspired by a March homicide in which a man was found dead on CSX Railroad property."When I found out about that, the first thing I did was get out and walk in the area that he got killed in, and let the folks know that we're not going to stand for it," Burgess said.Burgess' latest efforts don't surprise North Charleston City Council member Mike A. Brown."He would always show up to community events," Brown said. "Before me being elected, there were events I had that he would show up and support. He's actually been in the streets and in the trenches in North Charleston for years."Brown says that, over the years, he's noticed that certain people are "afraid" to talk to law enforcement about their concerns."We're coming to these communities and we're saying, 'We weren't here. You have the eyes and ears to solve these crimes, and we need your help doing it,'" he said.Brown says he's seen people's trust in the police grow after Burgess was sworn-in in January.Mark Hammersmith, 66, is one of those people. He's lived in North Charleston for over five years, during which he says he's known of at least half a dozen homicides near him. His opinion of the police department upon moving to the city was "not good at all," he says, comparing them at one point to the Nazi secret police force."I think [the marches] are to try and get the citizens more involved, to try to understand the problem," he says. "I think that's what [Burgess is] trying to do, is point out how serious the issue is."Burgess said he has no plans for other marches as of today.
With the news full of WTFs lately, what the world really needed was something to smile about. Enter Kevin Hanley's cheerful new ditty, "Dollar $tore Valentine."The local musician and his creative agency The Business Company are known for masterminding imaginative videos for acts like Shovels & Rope ( "Mary Ann & One Eyed Dan" ), the Green and Bold ( "When You Wake" ), and Stefanie Santana ( this NPR-recognized Tiny Desk Contest entry ). But lately Hanley has focused on his own tunes, like December's "You Know I Will" (below), off "the ongoing album"and this week he debuted a little something for the holiday: "Dollar $tore Valentine."Fittingly, the video debuted yesterday, Feb. 14, and the tune's been in our head ever since. Listing off a series of bargains to be had, like double-A batteries, socks, cheap sunglasses, and a heart-shaped box, a paper-masked character pleads, "Baby, won't you be my dollar store valentine."The song is silly — "I got Halloween candy, just three months old/ I got a windup fish in a plastic bowl/ I got two-buck chuck at half the price/ I got 15-sided lovers' dice" — but it's also dang solid and catchy enough to snag a spot in your brain for the foreseeable future.Watch here or above. You're welcome.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The body of a reclusive Gloucester man was so badly decomposed when it was found that the cause of his death could not be ascertained, an inquest heard yesterday.
Darren Porter, 49, of Hathaway Close was found at his home on June 6.
His body was badly decomposed and neighbours had reported a strange smell coming from his home. He was found on a bed in the living room.
"The flat was in an unkempt state and had clearly not been cleaned for months," said Katy Skerrett, senior Gloucestershire coroner.
Dr Shelly Fraser carried out a postmortem on Mr Porter's body but decomposition meant there was no blood or urine available for testing.
He discovered Mr Porter had an enlarged heart and hypertension.
The inquest heard that no next of kind could be found and he was the sole tenant of his home.
Ms Skerrett said the cause of death was unascertained and she recorded an open conclusion.
Stephen Colbert kicked off Tuesday night's Late Show monologue with the big news of the day, the record-short tenure of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. "He resigned last night — not because of a scandal," Colbert deadpanned. "He just wanted to spend more time with his Russian contacts." It was Flynn's multiple phone calls with Russia's ambassador to Washington, in which he discussed just-implemented sanctions, that led to his early departure. "Now at first, Flynn denied all of this," Colbert said. "But he got caught because, it turns out, we listen in on every phone call to the Russian ambassador. Who knew? Evidently, not the national security adviser, you dummy." He paused. "It's funny 'cause it's treason."
President Trump was warned weeks ago that Flynn was being less than truthful and might be open to Russian blackmail, by acting Attorney General Sally Yates, Colbert noted. "Trump did nothing about it, but then again, the president, he's very busy — attacking Nordstrom, Arnold Schwarzenegger's ratings, and then firing Sally Yates." But now Flynn is gone. "Of course, this is a major betrayal of trust, and Donald Trump immediately condemned both Flynn and the Russians," Colbert said, adding after a short pause: "I'm just kidding." Trump said the real story is about the leaks. Colbert wrapped up by noting that Trump's reputed pick for ambassador to Austria is a Sound of Music fanatic and making an off-color Stephen Bannon joke.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) – Spring is a great time to clean out your closet which can lead to some cash in your pocket. Wendy Upton from The Clothes Mentor in South Windsor stopped by our studio to talk about how you can turn your old closet into new money.
She says at the Clothes Mentor:
Some of the best reasons to use a resale store: On the spot payment
No waiting for items to sell
No need to go pick up your items or lose them to donations
No limit on how much you can bring in at one time
All seasons, all year round so there is no seasonality issue
Little to no risk The Clothes Mentor carries designer shoes and handbags, high quality clothes, sizes 00 to 24, petite and maternity wear.
For more information on the resale store go to ClothesMentor.com
NEW YORK (AP) — The “Star Wars” spinoff “Rogue One” has led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated $64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend.
The success of “Rogue One” has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up more than $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25 percent of the market. “Rogue One” has grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally.
In its second week of release, the animated “Sing,” from Universal Pictures, again trailed in second with $56.4 million
Some Oscar contenders are also packing theaters. The Los Angeles musical “La La Land” grossed $12.3 million. And Denzel Washington's August Wilson adaption, “Fences,” made $12.7 million.
A student found critically injured after falling three storeys in a stairwell at Algonquin College has died, the college's president has said in a message to staff and students.
The male student, who has not been named, was found Jan. 17 at about 4 p.m. at the bottom of a concrete stairwell in the college's C building in an incident described as an accident. At the time, the college said the circumstances of the fall were not known, but college officials and police were gathering information.
In her statement to staff and students on Friday, Cheryl Jensen did not name the student or say anything more about the circumstances of his death.
“I first want to offer my heartfelt condolences to the family of this student — I would ask that everyone keep them in their thoughts and prayers. I know our entire Algonquin community, especially this student's friends, classmates, professors and mentors, will be grieving this terrible loss. I have reached out to the student's family to offer any assistance our college can provide,” Jensen said in her statement.
“We wish to respect the privacy of this student's loved ones and so will not be providing further details.”
At the time of the incident, paramedics said the student, who appeared to be in his early 20s, was found unconscious by campus security. Paramedics, who had to keep his airway open due to blood pooling in his mouth, said he sustained a head injury and an arm fracture. They weren't aware of how long he had been in the stairwell.
jlaucius@postmedia.com
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Apparently Iowans love to drink! In fact just this past week Iowa State fans who were in Memphis during the Liberty Bowl drank all of the Bush Light beer at Jerry Lawlers Hall of Fame bar.
Still can't believe this happened. @JerryLawler made my week with this interview where he said "The only problem is... They drank us out of Busch Light beer." pic.twitter.com/URDm8AfPNg — Michael Admire (@Admire_OnAir) December 30, 2017
According to KCCI, The Iowa Alcoholic Beverages Division released its annual list of the top 5 liquors in 2017:
#5. Five O'Clock Vodka-61,770 cases were sold in 2017.
#4. Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey-One of the most popular whiskey's came in at number 4 with 84,391 cases sold.
#3. Hawkeye Vodka-This one I have never heard of. The Number one Vodka sold 102,955.
#2. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum-This is the rum Iowans prefer the most. With 108,160 cases sold last year.
#1. Black Velvet Canadian Whiskey-If this list tells you anything is that Iowans love their Whiskey and Vodka. 163,812 cases of this whiskey were purchased 2017.
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
This content is only available to subscribers.
Login or Subscribe
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
While the state and federal governments have different definitions regarding the legality of marijuana, it's an even murkier picture when it comes to marijuana's far less potent cousin, industrial hemp. And, as the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel reported, the differences surfaced over a water issue in southeastern Colorado. The Bureau of Reclamation denied a farmer's […]
March 29 Aurelius Equity Opportunities SE & Co KGaA:
* Positive outlook for the current 2017 fiscal year
* Expects at least six company acquisitions and two to three company sales in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
RICHMOND, Va. - The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly has given final approval to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday shortly after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion after years of partisan battle on the issue.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
Former Virginia governor, now U.S. Sen. Mark Warner released this statement after Wednesday's vote:
“I'm thrilled that the Virginia Senate has decided partisan politics should no longer stand in the way of thousands of Virginia families getting the healthcare they need. I look forward to the House of Delegates soon doing the same. “Governor Northam and supporters of Medicaid expansion should be proud of this bipartisan achievement, but the real winners here are the hardworking Virginians who will finally have healthcare for their families.”
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a state budget that would expand Medicaid eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act pushed by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed unsuccessfully for years to expand it. Several state Republicans dropped their opposition this year, saying Virginia would be better off with increased federal funding for the program.
The budget still needs final approval House and from Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. That's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers parked up in caravans on Cambridge University land have moved on.
About 20 vehicles turned up on the West Cambridge site off Madingley Road just over two weeks ago.
The university site also houses the world-famous Cavendish Laboratory and the university's Department of Veterinary Medicine - the Vet School - as well as engineering software company Aveva and other high-tech firms.
A university spokeswoman said: "The university served a notice instructing the travellers to leave the land that they were parked on, as it is private land.
"The situation was resolved peacefully and swiftly and all vehicles have now left the site.”
It is reported the group have now moved onto land at the end of Histon Road, near the A14.
The caravan dwellers are not the same group who were ordered off a recreation ground at Burwell earlier this week, after previously camping on a business car park in Newmarket.
As the News has reported, amounts of rubbish were left behind at both the Newmarket and Burwell locations.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Investec chief executive Fani Titi, pictured above, has taken his former friend prominent businessman Peter-Paul Ngwenya to court, claiming he had threatened him and called him the k-word.
Johannesburg - A friendship spanning more than 20 years has collapsed owing to a financial dispute between two black men that allegedly led to one calling his friend a “QwaQwa k****r.”
Investec chief executive Fani Titi has taken his former friend and prominent businessman Peter-Paul Ngwenya to court, claiming he had threatened him and called him the k-word.
Ngwenya appeared on charges of crimen injuria before magistrate Pravina Rugoonandan at the Randburg Magistrate's Court on Monday.
Also read: Black businessmen in landmark court case over k-word
Rugoonandan is the same magistrate who, a month ago, sent Vicki Momberg to jail for three years after she was found guilty of racism. She had verbally abused a metro police officer who was trying to assist her after a smash-and-grab incident.
In the latest case, the two businessmen are embroiled in a messy fight over R54million allegedly owed to Ngwenya by Titi in a business deal involving radio stations Gagasi FM, Kaya FM and Heart 104.9 FM.
In June 2016, Ngwenya allegedly sent an SMS to Titi's business partner Aqueel Patel in which he called Titi, who was born in the Free State, a “QwaQwa k****r.”
“I felt horrible when I first saw those words,” said Titi. “Why would a former Robben Island prisoner call another black person a k****r?”.
Ngwenya has not yet taken the stand, but his legal team deny that he threatened to kill Titi and Patel. He is also expected to give clarity on the k-word allegations when he takes the stand.
Titi, however, told the court that he and the accused have a longstanding relationship that was respectful and cordial and that Ngwenya's actions had been surprising.
“We had an encounter that went completely contrary to the two decades of friendship that we had accumulated,” Titi said.
After the text message was sent, Titi and Patel applied and were granted a protection order prohibiting Ngwenya from directly and indirectly threatening them.
Titi told the court that he had taken Ngwenya's threats seriously because of his military past. Ngwenya spent six years on Robben Island after he was caught transporting weapons from Botswana.
Titi testified that the financial dispute between the two had caused Ngwenya to behave uncharacteristically aggressive. He recalled an event in November 2016 where Ngwenya came to their offices demanding the money he was owed. Titi informed the court that Ngwenya threatened them.
He told the receptionist: "If they don't pay my money, I am going to kill these dogs."
Titi told the court that during that incident, which was in breach of a protection order, he had to lock himself inside his office.
He said being called a "QwaQwa k****r" was dehumanising because his family didn't have a choice but were forced by the apartheid government to live in the former bantustan.
He added: “There was a representative word of the past and reference to a homeland, which I didn't choose. Having both words used against me by an ex-Robben Islander is dehumanising.”
The Star
April 23 Shenzhen Kaifa Technology Co Ltd
* Says its Hong Kong unit unloads 25 million shares in O-Net Technologies Group for HK$131.25 million ($16.88 million), to own 171.4 million shares or 21.56 pct stake after the transaction
* Says its shares to resume trade on April 24
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2q3YLS0
Further company coverage: ($1 = 7.7748 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:01 Banister: No sweep for Rangers, but series win is key Pause 1:03 Adrian Beltre gives back to Rangers teammates and staff 0:19 Andrew Cashner took the loss despite another strong start Sunday against Astros 1:17 Jeff Banister calls Sunday ejection "quite puzzling" 1:20 This Texas-size honky-tonk is a Fort Worth treasure in the Stockyards 3:00 Donnie Nelson testifies in Billy Bob's Texas case 1:43 Cowboys Garrett suspected a Zeke suspension 0:41 Two teens gunned down 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, August 2 1:03 Pudge remembers: Getting the Hall of Fame call Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Rangers starting pitcher Andrew Cashner took the loss Sunday despite holding the Astros to two runs over seven innings. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Rangers starting pitcher Andrew Cashner took the loss Sunday despite holding the Astros to two runs over seven innings. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge has been growing at a rapid rate in the last few years and the New Year gives us time to stop and look back at how different it has become.
We've gone back through Google Streetview's archive, finding shots of the places that have changed the most dramatically.
It's hard to believe what has happened since Google started taking Streetview pictures of Cambridge in 2008.
Addenbrooke's Road, Trumpington
In April 2012
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In September 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In the space of just four years, this road on the Great Kneighton Development in Trumpington has gone from being a wasteland to a built-up area.
The Corpus Clock, King's Parade
In August 2008
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In December 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
It's hard to remember a time when this wasn't one of Cambridge's tourist attractions, but back in 2008 the Corpus Clock had yet to be unveiled.
The North West Cambridge Development off Huntingdon Road
In July 2008
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In August 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
This ambitious site, which already has a primary school and is set to boast 3,000 homes, was nowhere to be seen in 2008.
The junction of Hills Road and Station Road
In September 2008
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In September 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In 2008, the war memorial here had not yet been relocated and this glass office block had not been built
Orchard Park in King's Hedges Road
In July 2008
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In August 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
This is another example of a big residential development on which building had not begun in 2008.
Station Road
In August 2010
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In September 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
The area around Cambridge railway station has undergone a dramatic transformation as work of the CB1 development continues.
The Marque, Hills Road
In September 2008
(Photo: Google Streetview)
In September 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
This controversial block of flats has transformed a part of Hills Road.
The University Arms, Regent Street
In August 2008
(Photo: Google Streeetview)
In September 2016
(Photo: Google Streetview)
The city's landmark hotel still had its brown mid-century facade in 2008. Now work in underway to transform the site.
CTV Atlantic
The controversy over a proposed hotel levy is heating up in New Brunswick, with the tourism industry calling on the tourism minister to resign because the province won't agree to it.
Premier Brian Gallant said Tuesday that the minister won't resign, and he reiterated that his government won't approve the so-called ‘tourism tax' requested by the Tourism Industry Association of New Brunswick.
The association would like to impose a levy on hotel room bookings in the province, but Gallant says more than 50 per cent of hotel stays are the result of interprovincial travel.
“The idea of putting a hotel levy, a tourism levy, will mean that we're taking more money away from New Brunswickers,” said Gallant. “I think it's very important to underline that because I think some people may think that hotels are filled by people outside the province all the time. That's not the case.”
But hotel owners say a room levy is standard practice and they are calling on New Brunswick Tourism Minister John Ames to resign.
The tourism industry supports 42,000 jobs in New Brunswick – a number of officials say could increase if the province allowed the levy, which would allow for more money for marketing.
But Gallant says a recent commitment of $100 million over the next eight years is enough to offset any hotel levies that the industry could collect.
“The premier has made quite a bit of noise about the fact that he doesn't want to tax New Brunswickers, but yet he can spend 100 per cent of his $100 million collected from taxpayers?” said hotel owner Ron Toogood. “The industry is primarily concerned with the marketing dollars and what's going to give us a leg up or a catch up in competing with jurisdictions around us, surrounding us, who have these levies in place.”
This year the province committed $12.5 million for parks, trails and other tourism infrastructure. The government has also increased its Tourism Department's budget by 18 per cent.
“I think we're doing a lot for the tourism industry,” said Gallant. “We're doing it in a responsible way. We're focused on growth, not on taxing New Brunswickers more.”
Gallant says the Tourism Industry Association of New Brunswick shouldn't be surprised by his decision because he said during his election campaign in 2015 that his government wouldn't approve a tourism levy.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Jonathan MacInnis
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
Jeff Garcia doesn't seem to be too interested in announcing a draft pick of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers this weekend.
After initially tweeting that he was honored to declare the team's third-round selection, the former Buccaneers quarterback apparently wasn't too pleased to be informed by Greg Auman of the Tampa Bay Times that the club doesn't have that pick anymore.
That pick went to the New York Giants in a trade last month involving defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul. The teams also swapped fourth-round picks in that deal, with the Buccaneers' current fourth-round pick scheduled to be delivered by a parrot from the pirate ship at Raymond James Stadium, the team announced on Monday.
As for Garcia, he elected to offer a terse response to Auman on Twitter.
"Whatever the pick is, I'll be announcing one. Don't turn this into some clown show dude," the 48-year-old Garcia wrote. "I could care less about who they pick nor do I pay any attention as to what picks they have or don't have. I have a life."
Garcia, who threw for 25 touchdowns in two seasons (2007-08) with the Buccaneers, apologized on Tuesday over Twitter.
"My bad @Buccaneers fans ... I wouldn't have said it was an honor if it wasn't but I would have liked to have been informed that they didn't have a 3rd before I tweeted it," Garcia wrote. "(Just) was a bit of embarrassment. Loved my time in Tampa & the fans."
Garcia played for the San Francisco 49ers, Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Philadelphia Eagles and Buccaneers during an NFL career that spanned from 1999-2009. He began his professional career with the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and finished with almost 42,000 yards passing.
Garcia's accomplishments include being a four-time CFL All-Star and league MVP in 1997, 1998 Grey Cup title and four NFL Pro Bowl invitations.
Deriving its name from a Gullah phrase meaning “work it” or “get funky,” Charleston's Ranky Tanky gives old spirituals, shouts, and lullabies from the Carolina and Georgia islands a jazz, R&B, and gospel treatment that is funky indeed. “It is all from the Gullah culture,” says trumpeter, vocalist, and director of the Charleston Jazz Orchestra, Charlton Singleton. Singleton, along with vocalist Quiana Parler, guitarist/vocalist Clay Ross, bassist Kevin Hamilton, and drummer/percussionist Quentin Baxter make up Ranky Tanky, whose creative arrangements of Gullah songs, poems, and stories will be heard at festivals all over North America and Europe this summer.After late last year's successful Kickstarter campaign, Ranky Tanky's future got brighter when they appeared at GlobalFEST in New York City's Webster Hall back in January. “That performance has definitely opened doors for us,” he says. “We have been receiving requests from festivals and other venues all over the world as a result of it.”The band opens for Lucinda Williams and Langhorne Slim during this weekend's Low Tide Social courtesy of the High Water Festival and will then perform in New York City's Snug Harbor Cultural Center during Carnegie Hall Presents; in Canada for a three-night stand during the Alianait Arts Festival; and another three-night stand in Manhattan at none other than the Lincoln Center. Ranky Tanky will also perform this summer at festivals in Czechia, Sweden, Austria, Norway, and much more.Singleton says, “Our mission is to introduce to some and revive these songs, stories, poems, dances that have been the heartland of American music.”
The body of missing Perth woman Alison Raspa has been found after her disappearance in Canada.
The body of missing Perth woman Alison Raspa has been found after her disappearance in Canada.
The body of Perth woman Alison Leanne Raspa has been found four months after she disappeared at a Canadian ski-resort.
The 25-year-old was last seen leaving her workplace at the Three Below Bar in Whistler, north of Vancouver, on November 22.
The Whistler Royal Canadian Mounted Police confirmed on Tuesday that remains found by members of the public at the partially frozen Alpha Lake on Friday night belonged to Ms Raspa.
Her cause of death has not yet been confirmed, but police say it does not appear to be suspicious.
According to Ms Raspa's Facebook page, she was originally from Canberra, attended Greenwood Senior High School in Perth and moved to Whistler in May.
It is believed Ms Raspa took a bus from the Whistler village to a highway stop after she finished work, then walked about 200m to Alpha Lake Park.
She was last heard from at about 1.15am on November 23 when she sent friends a text message to say she was lost.
Her phone was found about 6.30am that day, some 5km from the bar in the park.
A member of the public then found her jacket, wallet and backpack a short walk away.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is providing consular assistance to the family, a spokesman said.
Consular assistance can include family support and liaising with local and Australian authorities to assist with funeral arrangements or repatriation of remains.
The BC Coroners Service are also in contact with the family.
Ms Raspa's family had previously travelled to Canada during an extensive, week-long police search after she was reported missing.
It included a thorough search of the park and an examination of the lake by an underwater recovery team.
Police also canvassed the area for CCTV footage and searched underground car parks, nearby creeks and parks.
TOKYO (AP) — The $3.3 billion acquisition by SoftBank Group Corp., the Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar energy giant, of Fortress Investment Group marks tycoon Masayoshi Son's latest step in building a technology investment empire.
Son said the deal, announced by both sides Wednesday, will immediately contribute to his strategy for growth and complement his Softbank Vision Fund plan for investing in leading technologies including artificial intelligence and the “internet of Things,” which links devices through the Internet.
“Fortress' excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform,” Son said in a statement.
Tokyo-based Softbank has been aggressive in global acquisitions and has been seeking partners for the billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Its shares jumped 1.6 percent Wednesday in Tokyo trading.
Those ambitions dovetail with Son's promise to President Donald Trump to invest $50 billion in U.S. startups to create 50,000 jobs.
Softbank also owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings, which is known as an innovator in the “internet of things,” and in technology used in smartphones.
New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Fortress co-chairmen Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as “visionary.” They said the companies have much in common, and the deal will benefit shareholders.
“We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation,” they said in a joint statement.
SoftBank, the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan, also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot. The company, founded in 1981, has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services.
Last week, the company reported its October-December profit soared to about 40 times what it was a year ago.
___
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
By The Associated Press
SEATTLE (AP) — A collision between two Seattle firetrucks responding to a call sent eight firefighters to the hospital.
Fire department officials tell the Seattle Times (http://bit.ly/2iWU8W5) that the firefighters suffered no serious injuries in the Sunday morning crash and were treated and released.
Department spokeswoman Alice Kim says a fire engine and ladder truck responding to an automatic fire alarm collided just before 8 a.m.
The ladder truck went through an empty parking lot and smashed the storefront of a massage business.
Seattle Police Department Detective Mark Jamieson says the cause of the crash is under investigation.
Kim says the fire department will conduct an internal investigation.
___
Information from: The Seattle Times, http://www.seattletimes.com
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Toronto Raptors' Delon Wright, left, passes the ball by Oklahoma City Thunder's Jerami Grant during first half NBA basketball action in Toronto on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto Raptors' Delon Wright, left, passes the ball by Oklahoma City Thunder's Jerami Grant during first half NBA basketball action in Toronto on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)
TORONTO (AP) - Oklahoma City coach Billy Donovan praised his team's poise following a hard-fought road win over the streaking Raptors.
Toronto, meanwhile, found it harder to stay calm and collected after some controversial calls down the stretch.
Russell Westbrook had 37 points, 14 assists and 13 rebounds for his fifth straight triple-double, Steven Adams scored 25 points and the Thunder beat the Raptors 132-125 on Sunday, snapping Toronto's winning streak at 11.
"You've got to be able to keep your composure through it all," Westbrook said. "That's what the game is all about. We've got a lot of veteran guys on this team who are able to do that."
Paul George scored 22 points and Carmelo Anthony had 15 as the Thunder extended their winning streak to six. Corey Brewer scored 10 points for Oklahoma City.
"A big part of it tonight was our team's poise," Donavan said. "That was really important."
DeMar DeRozan scored 24 points and Kyle Lowry fouled out with 22 points and 10 assists as the Eastern Conference-leading Raptors suffered just their sixth home loss of the season. Toronto is 29-6 at Air Canada Centre, the best home record in the NBA.
DeRozan, Serge Ibaka and Raptors coach Dwane Casey were all ejected in the final minute for complaining to the referees. DeRozan was incensed after not getting a call when he tried to drive on Brewer with 30 seconds left. DeRozan picked up two technicals in the following 22 seconds.
"He tried to smack me because I had a layup," a visibly frustrated DeRozan said. "I got fouled."
Having reviewed the video, Casey said the Raptors would file a formal complaint.
"Officials are going to miss calls but, at the juncture of the game when some of the calls were made, we've got to get it right around the league," Casey said. "Not just this game, the entire league."
Still, Casey took pains to point out that the Raptors, not the referees, were ultimately to blame.
"We made enough mistakes down the stretch also," Casey said. "We shot ourselves in the foot, missed easy shots, layups, free throws, turnovers."
DeRozan, however, didn't share Casey's view. Asked whether the officials had cost Toronto the game, DeRozan said, "It's obvious for us."
Delon Wright and C.J. Miles each scored 15 points, and Pascal Siakam and Jonas Valanciunas each had 10 for the Raptors.
The score was tied 119-119 when Lowry fouled out with 3:19 remaining. Westbrook immediately drove for a layup past Wright, Lowry's replacement.
After Wright missed a layup at the other end, Westbrook added another layup to cap a personal 10-point run and give Oklahoma City a 123-119 lead with 2:38 remaining.
Wright and DeRozan each made a pair of free throws to tie it at 123-123 with 1:41 left, although DeRozan missed a free throw on Anthony's technical foul.
Westbrook put the Thunder ahead to stay by driving for a layup with 39 seconds left, then banked home a jump shot with 11 seconds left, giving Oklahoma City a four-point cushion.
TIP-INS
Thunder: The starting five combined to shoot 17 for 18 in the first quarter. ... Adams scored a career-high 27 points against Minnesota on Dec. 1.
Raptors: Lowry returned after sitting out to rest in Friday's win over Dallas. ... G Fred VanVleet was unavailable because of a right hand contusion. ... F Norman Powell (sprained left ankle) returned after missing the previous two games.
ONE THAT GOT AWAY
Toronto dropped to 43-2 when leading through three quarters. The Raptors, who also lost a Dec. 11 road game to the Clippers after taking a lead into the fourth, were ahead 98-97 through three against the Thunder.
AGONY FOR ADAMS
Adams went down in pain after taking a knee to the groin while defending Ibaka's drive in the third. Adams stayed down for several minutes before walking gingerly to the locker room, but was able to return.
"That did not look very comfortable," Donovan said.
Adams and Ibaka were teammates in Oklahoma City for three seasons. "My old mate," a smiling Adams said, shaking his head.
MELO'S MILESTONE
Anthony reached 25,289 points, passing Reggie Miller (25,279) to take over 19th place on the NBA's list. Next up is Alex English (25,613).
UP NEXT
Thunder: Visit Boston on Tuesday. Oklahoma City has won three straight road games against the Celtics.
Raptors: Visit Orlando on Tuesday. Toronto has won the past two meetings.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Sampling is the key to selling fragrance online, according to the experts at L2.Discovery kits that include trial sizes of a brand's fragrances have been working very well for indie brands because they let consumers try before they online buy, according to Becca Edelman, senior research associate at L2."The trend right now is pointing toward greater demand for personalized fragrance," Edelman said. "These fragrance kits and discovery kits are ways for brands to expand their reach, and a way for users to get over their fear of spending a lot of money [and then not liking what they buy]."Those sets can also work for design-led fragrance houses, Edelman noted, citing Elizabeth and James' holiday collection from 2016, which contained several deluxe-sized samples."There's definitely opportunity there," she said. "If [designer fragrances] were to put their power behind it, I think they would be able to steal back some of that visibility from the small brands."Sample kits make up 71 percent of the products on Sephora's primary fragrance web page, according to a recent fragrance L2 report, and the retailer promotes the discovery sets with paid search on Google.Some brands are using their own web sites to promote trial sizes. Atelier Cologne, Juliette Has a Gun and Le Labo all have discovery sets, which sometimes can be purchased with a credit applied to a full-size purchase. Diptyque sends a sample with each full-size fragrance so if the customer doesn't like it, they can send the unopened fragrance back. YSL Beauty used Instagram to promote Black Opium and offered free samples to followers who provided their name, e-mail and shipping address on a photo. Burberry executed a similar campaign on Snapchat for Burberry Blush, the report said.Those samples should be combined with refined search marketing tactics, according to a recent L2 report on the fragrance category. While the market remains driven by brand equity and online purchases remain mostly replenishment buys, brands can maximize online and search visibility by working with retail partners to secure placement on perfume pages."The key for brands is to work with retailers and promote those retailer partnerships as strongly as possible," Edelman said.She called out Pinrose as an example of a small fragrance brand that, absent the marketing budget of a fashion house, was able to leverage the reach of a retail partner — Sephora — to get its fragrance diagnostic quiz and samples into the hands of shoppers. Pinrose uses an algorithm-based test to match users to the right scent. That quiz was featured on Sephora's Snapchat story, and made its way into stores on tablets near Pinrose displays.For fragrance online, the next step is likely more influencer action, Edelman said."In the past, we thought about fragrance brands as the ugly stepsisters of the beauty world…but we're starting to see a select number of brands overcome [being digital laggers]," Edelman said. L2 has started digging into influencer posts and found that less than 1 percent of the ones by top influencers feature fragrances.…The guys winning on YouTube are very education based. People want reviews, they want to understand the set notes, how it works during the day and how it combines with other fragrances."
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Great Falls, MT - Man chokes woman and keys car when he found out she was leaving him.
On August 12th, Officer Olson of the Great Falls Police Department was dispatched to a residence regarding a domestic disturbance.
The victim claimed that she and her boyfriend, Daniel Scott Tyler Gregory, got into a verbal dispute when Gregory found out the victim was leaving. He held her down on a bed by her arms. The victim says that she struggled and tried to escape while she told Gregory that he was scaring and hurting her. She says that he would not stop.
The victim says that she was able to escape to the bathroom where she called Gregory's mother in an attempt to calm him down. Instead, he attacked her again, wrapping his hands around her throat and choking her so that she could not breathe or speak. She says that Gregory then grabbed her and threw her into the living room. She ran to the front door. Gregory grabbed her phone and threw it down the staircase, causing damage to it.
The victim escaped the apartment and hid behind a building. She says that as she was hiding and was on her phone with dispatch, she saw Gregory key her car.
Daniel Scott Gregory is being charged with Strangulation of a Partner or Family Member, and two counts of Criminal Mischief.
He has no known criminal history.
The State has requested bond be set at $20,000.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Democrats praised conservative Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy on Wednesday for defending the FBI against President Trump's charges that it used an informant to "spy" on the Trump campaign.
"I'm frankly grateful to Congressman Gowdy that he has stepped forward and made such a clear and forceful statement," Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., said on CNN.
Gowdy said Tuesday night on Fox News that the FBI used the informant properly to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and was not targeting Trump. The informant, a retired American professor and foreign policy expert for Republican presidents, reportedly talked to some of Trump's campaign advisers who had ties to Russia.
Gowdy, a member of the House Intelligence Committee and chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, was one of nine members of Congress allowed to see classified information about FBI informant Stefan Halper during briefings with the Justice Department last week.
"I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got, and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump," Gowdy said.
Gowdy, a former federal prosecutor, said the FBI was just doing what Trump said it should do.
"It was Trump himself who said, 'I didn't collude with Russia but if anyone did, I want the FBI to find that out,'" Gowdy said.
The president has accused the FBI of spying on his campaign because they were biased against him. He has dubbed the bureau's actions "spygate."
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it's not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn't the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2018
Coons said Gowdy "is stepping forward and putting to rest the baseless allegations by President Trump."
"Our president has a long history of rolling out baseless accusations and conspiracy theories from his role before he was president in arguing that President Obama was not an American to his claim right after the campaign that 3 million illegals had voted without any proof or evidence to his claim that President Obama had tapped his phone in Trump Tower without any evidence," Coons said on CNN.
He continued: "Frankly, this undermines the United States around the world. It suggests we have a national leader who traffics in conspiracy theories."
Rep. Ted Lieu, D-Calif., a fierce Trump critic, tweeted: "Thank you Trey Gowdy for speaking the truth."
Democratic candidate Andrew Janz, who is running against House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., also touted Gowdy's comments.
Trey Gowdy just debunked Devin Nunes's claim that the FBI put a “spy” in the Trump campaign. Now waiting for Nunes to create another fake scandal. https://t.co/1S8QGzQbtc — Andrew Janz (@JanzforCongress) May 30, 2018
In addition to Gowdy, Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida has defended the FBI's use of an informant.
"As far as what I have seen to date, it appears that there was an investigation not of the campaign but of certain individuals who have a history that we should be suspicious of that predate the presidential campaign of 2015, 2016," the senator said last Sunday on ABC's This Week.
"When individuals like that are in the orbit of a major political campaign in America, the FBI...should look at people like that," Rubio said.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed the opioid painkiller oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's privacy, according to court documents unsealed Monday that revealed nothing about how the pop superstar got the fentanyl that actually killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl, a synthetic opioid drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
They don't reveal answers, but do shed light on Prince's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before he died. Oxycodone, the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death. But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation's overdose and addiction epidemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids, including oxycodone, in 2014.
Patients who take prescription opioids eventually build up a tolerance and need to take stronger doses to get the same effect. In some patients, the cycle leads to dependence and addiction.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21.
Related Content: A year on, few answers from probe into Prince's death
Just six days earlier, Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as he was returning home from a concert in Atlanta. First responders revived him with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and associate. Some pills in other bottles were marked “Watson 853,” a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, another opioid painkiller. Last August, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered, authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California, the documents unsealed Monday show. The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, a family doctor who saw Prince April 7, 2016, and again on April 20, acknowledged to authorities that he prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing “but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy.”
Authorities also searched Johnson's cellphone records, to see who he was communicating with in the month before Prince died.
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson weren't immediately returned Monday. Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing family medicine in Minnesota. His attorney, Amy Conners, told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on his license.
Investigators haven't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony, that step hasn't been taken, the official said.
Prince did not have a cellphone, and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him, as they tried to determine who he was communicating with and where he got the drugs that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled. The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song “U Got the Look” that appeared to be in Prince's handwriting.
The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted California addiction specialist Dr. Howard Kornfeld for help. Kornfeld sent his son, Andrew, to Minnesota that night, and the younger Kornfeld was among those who found Prince's body.
Andrew Kornfeld was carrying buprenorphine, a medication that can be used to help treat opioid addiction. The Kornfelds' attorney, William Mauzy, has said Andrew had intended to give the medication to a doctor who planned to see Prince on April 21.
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year, other than it is active. The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California, as authorities have interviewed friends, family and any potential witnesses, including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane.
Daisy Peterson Sweeney died on Friday August 11th, at the age of 97.
The much-loved and admired piano teacher taught some of Canada's jazz-greats, including her younger brother Oscar Peterson, and neighbour, Oliver Jones, among hundreds of others
“They all wanted to please Mrs. Sweeney; you know every student, they didn't want to disappoint her.”
Daisy Peterson Sweeney was also a trail-blazer, in a sublte hard-working fashion.
Her daughter Sylvia Sweeney is a former Olympic athlete and inductee into the Basketball Hall of Fame. She is now a broadcaster and producer who once worked at Radio Canada International and CBC.
Sweeney describes her mother's determination, working as a domestic or housekeeper, to earn a living while earning a certificate in music at McGill University.
“Her employer said she didn't need to have a degree to scrub her toilets, and fired her” Sylvia recounts, just one of many racist encounters black people endured in those days.
She would say, “You never leave anything, you go to something.”
Daisy Sweeney, left, was the older sister of Oscar Peterson and taught him play, is seen here with the jazz great's daughter Celine. © Facebook
The eldest in daughter in the family, Daisy was sent by her father, to the best piano teacher there was at the time, and then she was to teach her brothers and sisters, as he could not afford to send them all.
“It was really a way of them learning how you overcome obstacles and reach to levels that you may not have imagined you could attain”
Born on May 7th, 1920 in the St. Henri area of Montreal, Daisy Peterson was growing up at a time when the opportunities for black men and women were limited… while the men worked as porters or conductors on the railway lines across Canada, women got work as domestics.
But it didn't limit Daisy Peterson. Her studies at McGill earned her the respect and admiration in the faculty at McGill that paved the way for many of her students.
“Children were her passion, family was her passion and church was her passion”
Daisy Sweeney was a gifted teacher, and she demanded her students do their best. Sylvia Sweeney explains the motivation behind her mother's instinct to push:
“We're touched at a visceral level through people who are talented, people who we admire. So they dropped the adjectives of black and coloured and white and they just say “great musician”, “great Canadian”, “great ambassador”. And that's where she wanted us to live, she wanted all of her students to live, was in a community where they're seen as contributing to that community, and more important, elevating that community.”
Sylvia Sweeney clarifies that this wasn't an unwanted pressure, that enjoying the pursuit of excellence was a necessary aspect. “She would say, “You never leave anything, you go to something.” That was her mother's motto.
Daisy Peterson Sweeney received an honorary doctorate from Laurentian University in 1987.
Then In 2005, during the festivities for the 180th anniversary of Montréal's Lachine Canal, an engineering feat in its day, a series of four gospel concerts were dedicated in Daisy's honour.
For over 40 years, Sweeney taught music to Montrealers, and she was a mainstay in the Negro Community Centre
Along with Trevor Payne, Daisy Peterson Sweeney was co-founder of the Montreal Black Community Youth Choir, which then became the Montreal Jubilation Gospel Choir.
Sylvia Sweeney would like to see her mother remembered in a renewed appreciation of teachers, but perhaps one of the ways she will be honoured is in Sylvia's own upcoming project.
The ArtsGames, which is planned to premier during the 2018 Olympic season will revive the former Olympic tradition of recognizing excellence in the arts with gold, silver and bronze medals also.
There will be a public funeral service Saturday morning at Union United Church in Montreal.
(With files from CBC)
By The Associated Press
Minnesota 2 1 0 1—4 San Jose 0 1 2 0—3
First Period_1, Minnesota, Murphy 1 (Zucker, Staal), 4:19 (pp). 2, Minnesota, Staal 11 (Granlund, Suter), 10:27.
Second Period_3, Minnesota, Staal 12 (Murphy, Granlund), 4:58. 4, San Jose, Burns 3 (Thornton, Hertl), 19:07 (pp).
Third Period_5, San Jose, Burns 4 (Pavelski), 2:41 (pp). 6, San Jose, Hertl 7 (DeMelo, Labanc), 14:59.
Overtime_7, Minnesota, Niederreiter 10, 3:26.
Shots on Goal_Minnesota 7-8-7-2_24. San Jose 10-9-14-1_34.
Power-play opportunities_Minnesota 1 of 3; San Jose 2 of 7.
Goalies_Minnesota, Stalock 3-3-1 (34 shots-31 saves). San Jose, Jones 11-7-2 (24-20).
A_17,205 (17,562). T_2:36.
Referees_Trevor Hanson, Jon Mclsaac. Linesmen_Ryan Gibbons, Tim Nowak.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says he is withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for his sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a freshman, announced his plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a freshman, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, he wasn't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, has died at the age of 92.
Broyles died Monday from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of his games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years.
He became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities — as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference.
Following his coaching career, Broyles — who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame — served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
FILE- This July 24, 2017, file photo shows the Caterpillar logo on the front grille of a Caterpillar 725C End Dump truck at a dealer in Miami. Caterpillar Inc. reports earnings Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File)
FILE- This July 24, 2017, file photo shows the Caterpillar logo on the front grille of a Caterpillar 725C End Dump truck at a dealer in Miami. Caterpillar Inc. reports earnings Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File)
A boost in equipment sales propelled Caterpillar's first-quarter profit, as a strong global economy helped support construction and energy industry projects.
The maker of heavy equipment and machinery also greatly increased its outlook for the year, citing an upbeat global market, better pricing and demand.
Profit rose eightfold to $1.67 billion, or $2.74 per share, while revenue surged 31 percent to $12.86 billion. The results topped Wall Street expectations.
Construction equipment sales rose 38 percent during the quarter, while energy and transportation equipment sales rose 26 percent. North America remained the company's biggest market, with its Asia/Pacific region coming in as its next biggest.
Looking ahead, the Deerfield, Illinois company boosted its full-year outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 per share.
Palisadian Tamar Springer took first in musical weapons, second in musical and traditional forms and third in traditional weapons at the Ocean State Nationals (a North American Sport Karate Association) tournament in Rhode Island in early April.
Springer, the competitor, was back.
She was 43 when she first stepped into Gerry Blanck's dojo in the 881 Alma Real building. “I wanted a new hobby, something physical,” she said.
She started competing six months later under sensei Chris Wheeles, who was visiting from Alabama. “He called me one day and said, ‘mark your calendar, we're going to a tournament,” said Springer, and before she could protest, he told her, “Trust your sensei.”
Springer captured first place in her initial tournament. “I did not want it to be a fluke, so I continued competing and kind of got a bug for it,” she said.
Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice, but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic, the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear. New evidence, though, might change those assumptions, The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg isn't to blame for the ocean liner's sinking, but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks:
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board, new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship's demise. Journalist Senan Molony, who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic, studied photographs taken by the ship's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard. Mr. Maloney said he was able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull, just behind where the ship's lining was pierced by the iceberg. He said: “We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck, and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place, before she even left Belfast." [The Independent]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out, with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames. Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic's passengers, with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship.
"Nobody has investigated these marks before," Molony said. "It totally changes the narrative. We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle, and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent. The fire was known about, but it was played down. She should never have been put to sea."
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912. Jeva Lange
More Videos
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
1:11 So, you know everything about the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo. Sure about that?
1:20 Nervous about jogging after the attacks in Tarrant County? Keep these safety tips in mind
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it?
2:48 West side hotel owner ordered to clean up or face closure
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
2:06 Grand Prairie wins first place award for parks and recreation programs, beats Arlington
0:47 Need party planning ideas? Watch the Fort Worth Zoo's baby ape celebrate her first birthday
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
1:21 Where should you go for a drink in the area? These five places lead Tarrant County in alcohol sales
3:25 Gun store owner explains "bump stock" device after "frustrating" Vegas shooting
A protester shouts during a United the Right rally on Saturday in Charlottesville, Va. Calla Kessler The Washington Post
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An independent café and micropub could be set to open its doors in Newmarket within weeks.
The Black Bess, which will specialise in small independently brewed beers and specialist coffee and teas, with locally sourced produce from around the Newmarket and Cambridge area, will open in 7 Rous Road.
The café, subject to approval from Forest Heath District Council, will be owned by Turpins Brewery, which is an independent microbrewery that supplies beer to places in Cambridgeshire and the surrounding areas.
The owner hopes to sell a variety of goods, from beers to artisan breads and cheeses.
The application to Forest Heath says it wants its premises license granted to open the café by September 1, 2017.
Black Bess is set to open on Monday to Thursday between 8.30am and 11.15pm, 8.30am to 11.30pm on Friday and Saturday, and 8.30pm to 11pm on Sundays.
If you own real estate worth over 1.3 million euros, you may have to pay an extra tax worth between 0.5 and 1.5 percent of the total value. The figure applies to the cash you invested yourself: if you buy a property worth 2 million but borrowing 1 million at the same time, the net property value is calculated at 1 million and you won't have to cough up the tax. Most Belgians with a holiday home in France won't be affected, as the threshold is quite elevated.
80-year-old country music singer Hinton “Big H” Conolly says local artists need more exposure on Cayman's airwaves.
The Cayman Brac native, who's been playing since he was 10 years old, told Cayman 27 he's concerned that today's young people are gravitating away from the guitar because they don't see existing artists getting the airplay they deserve.
“Once in a while they will play one or two of the country artists, I think country artist here should be promoted more, more, more,”
Cayman 27's sister stations on the radio side of parent company Hurleys Media adhere to a long standing MOU with the Cayman Islands music association to play music from local artists.
DALLAS (AP) - Keenan Evans treats every game like senior night and is doing all he can to keep playing for Texas Tech.
Next stop: Sweet 16.
"Once you get to this point, it's just like, man, I'm not ready for it to end," Evans said. "And here we are getting another week to prepare and play the game we love."
Evans scored 22 points , making the tiebreaking 3-pointer with 2 ½ minutes before his alley-oop pass on the punctuating dunk, as third-seeded Texas Tech beat Florida 69-66 on Saturday night in the NCAA Tournament.
The Red Raiders, in their second year with head coach Chris Beard, are going into the second weekend of the tournament for the first time since 2005.
"It's amazing. I feel like words can't really describe this journey with these guys," Evans said. "Coach Beard came in and said he was going to win. And after last season, it was a disappointment, he told us we were going to get to this tournament next year. We were going to make a run. And he kept his word."
While the next loss will end All-Big 12 guard Evans' career, high-flying freshman Zhaire Smith is just getting started.
Smith had 18 points, nine rebounds and seven assists, and was on the receiving end of an alley-oop pass with 29 seconds left that punched the ticket for the Red Raiders (26-9) to go to Boston to play Purdue or Butler next Friday night in the East Region.
"He has no ceiling," Evans said of Smith.
Chris Chiozza did go the length of the court for a Florida layup with 25 seconds left before Evans lost the ball when trying to fight through a double-team after the inbound pass.
The Gators gathered the ball after a wild scramble. Egor Koulechov and KeVaughn Allen both had 3-point attempts in the final 10 seconds that came up short.
Florida (21-13) fell short of the Sweet 16 - and the Elite Eight - for the first time in their last six NCAA Tournament appearances. The last time they didn't make it to the Sweet 16 was in 2010, when the SEC team lost a first-round game to BYU.
Texas Tech quickly erased a five-point deficit midway through the second half with nine straight points. Evans scored seven of those, and Smith - who had a 360-spin alley-oop dunk from Evans in the tourney opener Thursday - delivered a follow-up slam.
Evans drove the baseline for a reverse layup put the Red Raiders up 51-50. After Smith's slam, Evans had a nifty spin move for a jumper and then added a three-point play after that.
"We didn't load to Keenan Evans a couple times when we needed that, at least a couple times. He got to the rim too much," Florida coach Mike White said. "It's very difficult to contain him. He's big. He's strong. He's physical. And he's got a really explosive first step."
Jarrett Culver, the hometown freshman for Texas Tech, had 11 points and nine rebounds.
Texas Tech hasn't been to the Sweet 16 since Beard was an assistant coach for Bobby Knight. But this is only the third NCAA appearance since for the Red Raiders.
After his time coaching on Knight's staff, and then for Pat Knight, Beard left Tech for more than a decade before coming back two years ago when Tubby Smith left for Memphis.
"A lot of work went into this, but we're just getting started," Beard said. "I told the guys before this ever started ... after the selection show, I was like, look, there are 68 teams in the tournament. A lot of the teams will just show up to be a part of it, and it'll overwhelm them."
Not these Red Raiders.
LAST ASSISTS
Chiozza was limited to 27 minutes in his 139th and final game for the Gators because of foul trouble. He made his first three shots, and had three assists, in his first 10 minutes. He then missed eight straight shots until the final basket, and didn't have another assist. He leaves Florida as the school career leader with 364 assists. He had 14 in two NCAA tourney games in Dallas.
UP NEXT
Just weeks before returning to Lubbock, after briefly holding the UNLV job, Beard's Arkansas-Little Rock team upset Purdue in the first round of the 2016 NCAA Tournament as part of 30 wins in his only season there.
The Boilermakers, who play Sunday night for a chance to get to the Sweet 16, surely remember that.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Give us about ten minutes a day and we will give you all the local news, local sports, local weather, and local events you can handle.
Today's episode is sponsored by Sean O'Neill at RBC Wealth Management
Today..A 12 year old boy was killed as a reckless driver ran off the road in Arnold. Victims of tragic fire have been identified. Gas prices on the way up. Texas has a stupid appeals court. And do you know how many gallons of beer we all drink in a year? All that and more plus your local weather forecast from George Young at DMV Weather!
The Daily News Brief is sponsored by Sean O'Neill at RBC Wealth Management.
Flash Briefing for Alexa. Yep, I finally brought the Daily News Brief to Alexa. Search for “Eye On Annapolis Daily News Brief” in your Alexa app and enable it–and be sure to drop us a rating! More info here.
The Eye On Annapolis Daily News Brief is produced every Monday through Friday. Our weather partner is DMV Weather based in Annapolis. Please download their APP so you can keep on top of the local weather scene!
Please be sure to check out our weekly sister podcast, The Maryland Crabs!
Where to find the DNB...
All content ©2018, JVE Group, Inc. | Eye On Annapolis
Related
Category: Daily News Brief, Local News, NEWS, Podcast
Omaha, Neb. — On Tuesday afternoon, U.S. Senator Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), chairman of the Senate Commerce Surface Transportation Subcommittee, welcomed U.S. Secretary of Transportation Elaine L. Chao to Omaha, Nebraska.
“It was a pleasure welcoming U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to Nebraska once again today. The Secretary and I received an update from Nebraska Department of Transportation Director Kyle Schneweis on construction of the Lincoln South Beltway, a project made possible by the $25 million TIGER grant we worked to bring to Nebraska because of the significant impact this expressway will have on families and businesses in our state. Furthermore, as our nation prepares to celebrate Independence Day, we were excited to highlight a program I helped champion to provide truck driver jobs to young veterans,” said Senator Fischer.
The Lincoln South Beltway project will create a new east-west expressway located south of Lincoln in Lancaster County. The four-lane expressway will divert freight trucks from the local transportation network, which will help increase safety and mobility in local travel. Click here to read more about the Lincoln South Beltway.
Senator Fischer championed the pilot program to create jobs for military veterans as part of the 2015 highway bill. Under this commercial driver pilot program, a group of approximately 700 former and current service members, ages 18 to 21, could drive commercial trucks across state lines. The participants must have trained on and operated similar vehicles while serving in the military to qualify for the pilot program.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Rappelling into a bull-riding rodeo event , crawling through dirt in a SWAT obstacle course and entering a burning building with firefighters.
These could be action movie stunts by Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Hollywood star turned California governor.
But they were all done by another governor earning a reputation for public displays of physical prowess — Eric Greitens of Missouri.
The 43-year-old Greitens — the nation's second-youngest state executive — revels in the attention, posting videos of his action adventures on Facebook and even using them to help stay fit while keeping a demanding schedule.
In one feat of strength, Greitens visited an indoor rock climbing business and easily scaled two walls as media cameras rolled. Greitens was at the veteran-owned business to announce an initiative to eliminate all start-up business fees for veterans in Missouri. Other exploits include leading runs with military members , climbing 110 flights of stairs in memory of 9/11, and riding in a Missouri Highway Patrol car through a high-speed obstacle course
“Look, this is fun. It's a good time,” Greitens said after scaling the climbing wall. “And I think it's important that people know we are fighting every day for the people of Missouri.”
A novice to politics, Greitens has experience in real fights. He was a boxer in college and has a black belt in Taekwondo. A former Navy SEAL officer, he was once chlorine-gassed in a suicide bomb attack in Iraq. He returned to service three days later.
Greitens was elected in 2016 with no prior experience in public office. He typically wakes up between 5 a.m. and 6 a.m. to run on local trails or do strength training at the Missouri State Highway Patrol gym, spokesman Parker Briden said. Shooting the photos and videos of the governor does not require a fulltime staffer and there is no cost to the state of Missouri, Briden said.
He's not the first elected official to earn a reputation for fitness. House Speaker Paul Ryan is a fan of high-intensity P90X workouts. And seven-time Mr. Olympia — Schwarzenegger —went every year to a bodybuilding competition. He called lawmakers “girlie men” when they didn't go along with him.
But Missouri State University communications expert Elizabeth Dudash-Buskirk said Greitens' use of social media to highlight his physical exploits is “unprecedented.”
“He wants to be that picture that you think of when you think of a strong government, when you think of a strong military (and) when you think of a strong police force,” she said.
Dudash-Buskirk said Greitens' self-branding as a veteran might also signal higher political aspirations from a governor who has long been pegged as highly ambitious. The Republican reserved the web address ericgreitensforpresident.com years ago.
The governor has gotten generally good reviews on Facebook for the stunts. In response to a video of Greitens rappelling into the bull-riding event, one user commented that “Missouri now officially has the coolest governor.”
Springfield resident Conor Bruner, who voted for Greitens, said the videos show Greitens “being a man.”
“They're all pencil pushers,” said Bruner, referring to other elected officials. “He sort of changed the game.”
There are skeptics, too. Sharon Swon of Mexico, Missouri, asked why Greitens keeps trying to prove how “macho” he is.
“So he can do pushups,” Swon said. “I'm not impressed.”
—-
Ballentine reported from Jefferson City, and Stafford reported from Kansas City. Associated Press writer Juliet Williams also contributed to this report from San Francisco.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
When the Jalen Ramsey vs. A.J. Green, and Aqib Talib vs. Michael Crabtree in-game tussles played out, Pro Football Hall of Fame defensive back Ronnie Lott thought back to advice he received decades ago, before his San Francisco 49ers faced the Dallas Cowboys.
“A buddy of mine, Dennis Thurman, who played for the Cowboys, called me up before we played them and said, ‘Do not get into a talking match with (receivers) Butch Johnson or Drew Pearson.' So I didn't. He was like, ‘Stay focused on the game,'” Lott said. “I'm sure that some coach or somebody said, ‘Don't get caught up in that' to the guys involved in things this season.
“Whatever the coaches said didn't work.”
Seem conflicts between cornerbacks and wideouts are simply unavoidable. It is a unique dynamic in NFL games week after week: On play after play, they match up 1-on-1, with plenty of grabbing and shoving and, yes, yapping mixed in. The tension escalates, especially if one is really outplaying the other.
“It can be like an Ali-Frazier moment,” said Lott, a cornerback and safety from 1981-94. “My rookie year, I remember having confrontations. They could be around the biggest or the littlest thing.”
Broncos cornerback Talib and Raiders receiver Crabtree served one-week suspensions after getting into a fight during a game — a reprise of their skirmish last season. Both times, Talib ripped a gold chain off Crabtree's neck. In another much-discussed episode, Jacksonville's Ramsey and Cincinnati's Green were ejected after a clash that looked straight out of a wrestling ring.
“There are a lot of passion and emotions out of those two positions. It happens a lot in training camp and things like that, same deal,” Minnesota Vikings receiver Adam Thielen said. “Even when you're going against your own teammates, it brings a lot of emotion out of you, especially when you're a competitor and you don't like to lose.”
The two episodes this season brought to mind other high-profile dustups. Josh Norman vs. Odell Beckham Jr. Or Andre Johnson vs. Cortland Finnegan.
These spats are at least in part a result of what Redskins cornerback Norman describes as a world of constant chatter, gamesmanship and one-upmanship.
“If you stop them, you come back and say something. Then they catch the ball, and they come back and say something. You play sound, fundamental defense and you get aggressive with guys. They don't like it and they push back. You push back,” Norman said. “And before you know it, there you go.”
He was a Panthers cornerback in 2015 when he engaged in a violent back-and-forth with Giants receiver Beckham.
Norman sees these CB vs. WR flare-ups through the prism of his job, which he says is made harder by the NFL's anti-defense rules and officiating.
“They don't want defenders to be successful. And (fans) don't want a guy to stop their man that they put in fantasy football. When we do, we're the ‘worst ever.' We're ‘trash.' But if we let someone catch the ball, we're ‘trash,' too. It's ridiculous,” Norman said. “We can't win as defensive backs. It's not set up for us to. But when we do win, and there is that little success that we have for ourselves, then we need to show it. Like, ‘Look! Take that!'”
Players on both sides of the ball say the physical and mental back-and-forth both contribute to bad feelings.
“There's a lot that goes out there on the field that's behind the scenes,” Raiders cornerback TJ Carrie said. “You really don't pay attention to it until there's an altercation.”
Whether it's a cornerback constantly jamming a receiver off the line, or a run-blocking wideout doing the shoving, those plays add up. That's aside from when a receiver isn't getting his catches, or even his targets. Or a DB keeps giving up gains.
It all can lead to frustration — and lashing out.
“It's been going on for centuries,” Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald said.
He knows some defenders will “try to add unnecessary brutality to the game,” he said, and there's no way to avoid that.
But when it comes to trash talk, Fitzgerald said: “I'm not about that. If you call out my name, I'm not even going to acknowledge you. I just walk away.”
Certainly, these conflicts happen at other positions.
Still, as Redskins cornerback-turned-safety DeAngelo Hall noted, it's harder to notice individual matchups along the line of scrimmage.
“We are kind of out there by ourselves, so when we're talking or battling, you can really see two guys face to face — as opposed to five vs. five, having the whole O-line and whole D-line there. I don't know if there's more confrontation there than a defensive end and a left tackle, for example, but it's definitely more noticeable when receivers and DBs get to chirpin', because we're isolated,” Hall said.
“At the end of the day, it's me vs. you on that island.”
Hall, whose 43 career interceptions lead active players, remembers when he was with the Falcons and faced the division-rival Panthers and now-retired receiver Steve Smith.
“Me and Steve had to be separated a couple of times,” Hall said. “It was always almost to blows. Then, after or before the game, it was all cordial. Just that competitiveness of me and him wanting to beat each other down sparked those intense exchanges.”
As for some of his other past foes?
“Me and (Terrell Owens) didn't do a lot of talking. We just tried to rip each other's heads off. Me and Chad Johnson did a lot of talking, but it was all jokingly,” Hall said and paused, before adding with a chuckle: “And, of course, we tried to rip each other's heads off.”
___
AP Pro Football Writers Dave Campbell and Josh Dubow and Sports Writers Joe Kay and Bob Baum contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
VIDEO: Royal treatment for 'American Idol' contestant Lee Jean at Bluffton High School
Gamecock athletes dressed to impress for annual gala
2:27
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MARTIN COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A Loogootee man was airlifted after a weekend fireworks accident.
Scroll for more content...
It happened Saturday morning in Shoals.
Police say they took the 911 call about the accident on Mill Road.
The caller said they were taking the injured man, 49-year-old John Osborne to the parking lot RJ's Convenience Store.
First responders quickly arrived, and after seeing Osborne's hand injury called for a medical helicopter.
Osborne was airlifted to the University of Lousiville Hospital.
His current condition is unclear at this time.
By: Evan Jankens
@kingofthekc
I really enjoy going downtown for sporting events, concerts or just a good meal.
It's amazing to me how much the city has raised their game in the past few years, not only with the addition of the Detroit District but the new restaurants around the city.
Not only is it fun to be there, but a recent study from YouGov shows that residents of Detroit think their city is actually pretty clean.
According to YouGov.com:
A new YouGov poll found that residents of Minneapolis-St. Paul and Dallas-Fort Worth were the most likely groups of individuals to think of their respective city as either “very clean” or “somewhat clean,” with both cities coming in at 90%. Denver came next (87%), followed by Orlando-Daytona Beach-Melbourne (86%) and Miami-Fort Lauderdale (84%). Residents least likely to call their city clean include some of the more populated ones, such as Los Angeles (69%), Philadelphia (71%), and New York (74%).
Detroit is one clean city pic.twitter.com/hclQbSwNiD — Evan Jankens (@KINGoftheKC) October 6, 2017
Detroit has come a long way and it actually pretty darn clean — so I'm happy to see the residents of Detroit believe that as well. Once I thought about it for a little while I wondered, why would people live there if they thought the city was dirty?
The day construction worker Robert Cyr fell from a residence to his death, Michele Lavergne said he could sense the potential danger of the icy and snowy roof they were working on.
“It was a bad day, too. I didn't want to go up,” Lavergne, a roofer, told an inquest at city hall on Tuesday about Cyr, who died on Nov. 24, 2015.
He was 47.
The inquest heard Robert Cyr was not clipped on to any safety anchors and had narcotics in his system when he fell from the slippery roof of a four-storey residential building at 2540 Innes Rd. in Gloucester.
Lavergne said he had hired Cyr to help him install a water and ice shield on the roof and planned to pay him under the table. At the time, Laverne was working for himself, but Elias Brothers Construction hired him to help with the job.
In his testimony, Lavergne said he did not ask at the time if Cyr had received any safety training on heights or falls, which is mandated by the Ontario Ministry of Labour. Lavergne said he's been working as a roofer for more than 30 years but only received the training in the last three to four years.
It was not known whether Cyr ever received training,
“You lick your wounds if you hurt yourself,” said Lavergne. “There was no safety whatsoever.”
Since Cyr's death, Lavergne said he's become aware of several safety protocols. For example, there are screws used to fasten anchors into the roof, which workers clip their harnesses to. He said he used to always use two-and-a-half inch screws, but has since learned the industry standard is three-inch screws.
“Everybody else just uses nails,” he said.
Rick Pugliese, the superintendent and project manager of the project where Cyr died, said every worker on the site had to submit a certificate of insurance before they could begin working. Individual employers of each trade were responsible for training their workers.
Lavergne, who brought Cyr onto the project, said they were asked on their first day to provide papers that would prove their training and insurance, but neither had them. When they said they would bring them the next day, they started late, and Pugliese never got to see any papers.
“I believed he had them,” said Pugliese of Lavergne, adding that he assumed someone working as a roofer for that long would have training.
Sam Elias of Elias Brothers Construction testified that Lavergne was a friend of his brother's, which was how he came to hire the roofer for the job. He said he made the same assumptions Pugliese did.
“I presumed that, he's been doing roofing for so long, he should have had it done,” said Elias.
According to Filomena Savoia, who worked at the Ministry of Labour as an inspector and provincial coordinator for construction, “the No. 1 killer” in the industry is falls. Of the 511 deaths in the workplace provincewide from 2007 to 2016, 157 were the result of falls.
She said this prompted the ministry to take measures to ensure every worker receives safety training, including tougher fines for employers that don't comply; a new website geared toward informing small businesses about safety training and compliance; and creating an app for construction workers about their rights and duties. Some of these changes were the result of jury recommendations given at inquests such as this one.
But Richard Wyatt, the Ministry of Labour health and safety inspector on the scene that day, said that ensuring employers are following regulations is much more difficult in practice.
He said it's especially a problem in construction, where workers are much more transient and often paid in cash, and where new construction companies start up in the spring and are gone by fall.
“It's a nightmare — we try to keep up the best we can,” Wyatt testified. “I can't say the words I want to say here, but it's a shady business.”
On Wednesday, the jury will hear from the medical examiner, who will discuss her findings of narcotics in Cyr's system. The jury will then deliberate and submit recommendations to prevent deaths in similar circumstances.
People are being encouraged to contact the Secretary for Transport after a public meeting in Milngavie saw Green MSP Ross Greer launch his report calling for the line to Milngavie to be re-dualled.
Michael Matheson, who was this week named Cabinet Secretary covering transport, will have to choose between applicants for a rail development fund secured by the Green MSPs.
One of these applications is from East Dunbartonshire Council for the required survey work, which would precede the re-dualling of the line from Westerton to Milngavie, currently the worst performing in Scotland.
The meeting heard rail consultant David Prescott reporting on the work he had been looking into the problems caused, and how they can be addressed.
His research found, amongst other things, that: Combined, the three stations on the line (Milngavie, Hillfoot and Bearsden) are as busy as the 11th busiest station in Scotland (Dundee), yet they are connected to the rest of the network by the only single-track line in Scotland that carries four trains each way per hour, the only terminating route in this position.
Trains to Milngavie have the worst record in Scotland for punctuality, with nearly three in four arriving into Milngavie over a minute late.
The line causes problems for the rail network across the central belt. This is due not only to trains being held up by late-running trains at Westerton Junction, but the constraint in timetable caused by needing to time trains exactly to use the single-track sections. The report is clear that the problem is not only a local concern but should be a high priority for the rail network in Scotland.
After the meeting, Ross Greer, Scottish Greens MSP for the West of Scotland, commented: “It was brilliant to hear David, a rail expert with many years experience, explaining how he started work somewhat unconvinced but came to realise that the re-dualling of the line to Milngavie is a vital improvement which needs to be made for the good of our community and the rail network across west and central Scotland.
“I've sent the report to the Scottish Government, East Dunbartonshire Council, my elected colleagues and the initial response has been very positive. Our campaign is building momentum. The decision over the rail development fund is due shortly. I'd urge everyone to write to our new Transport Minister, and to sign my petition at https://greens.scot/milngavieredual”
An ‘isolated' incident, but one of several across the county
Swastikas were found spray painted on a vehicle in a Mineola parking garage last week, an incident the Nassau County Police Department says was “isolated” and not targeted.
The NCPD says officers responded to the public parking garage located on Main Street and First Street on Monday, Feb. 6, at 9:40 p.m. for a complaint of two swastikas spray painted on the driver and passenger side door of a parked vehicle.
This is not the first time swastikas have been reported in Mineola. Swastikas were also found drawn in the snow on Saturday, Dec. 17, outside a Fairfield Avenue residence; that incident came less than a month after the anti-Semitic symbol and racist epithets were found spray painted on Washington Avenue and Elm Street sidewalks.
But these bias incidences aren't just happening in Mineola. According to Nassau County police, since November, swastikas have been found in various neighborhoods, made from a variety of mediums; silly string in front of an athletic field in Jericho, spray painted on a wall at Brady Park in Massapequa Park, dug into the ground at a ballfield in Levittown, carved into a cafeteria table at Carle Place High School, drawn in black marker in the bathrooms at Nassau Community College (a case in which an arrest was made) and a bathroom in a Port Washington High School.
Those who vandalize property with racist or gang related graffiti may soon face harsher penalties. The New York State Senate recently passed legislation to create stronger penalties for individuals who vandalize property with graffiti targeting someone's religion or race, gang-related graffiti and the defacement of places of worship with graffiti.
“Destroying someone else's property to promote gangs and encourage hate are serious crimes that deserve a more serious punishment,” said Senator Elaine Phillips, who cosponsored the legislation. “Strengthening penalties will send an important message that these despicable acts promoting violence and intolerance will not be tolerated in our communities.”
The legislation would create class E felony charges—which carry the potential of anywhere from one to three years in prison—for individuals who make graffiti promoting or encouraging gang related activities or on religious buildings, structures symbols or places of worship.
The legislation also expands the existing crime of aggravated harassment to include graffiti which is motivated by factors such as a person's religion, race or ancestry. It would create consistency under the current law, which covers certain symbols such as swastikas, burning crosses and nooses, but not others expressing the same hateful sentiments.
Judges would be allowed to require offenders to personally clean up their mess under the measure. The legislation has been sent to the Assembly for consideration.
Harrogate residents are being asked whether they would rather see an increase to their council tax or a cut to the budget of the local police force.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, Julia Mulligan, sets the amount that residents across the county pay for policing annually.
But Ms Mulligan has warned that this year, unless the precept is increased, the county's police force will face a £4.3million budget black hole.
She said: "Despite many challenges, I am pleased to say that that North Yorkshire remained the safest place to live and work in England throughout 2017. Meanwhile, policing is continuing to evolve in North Yorkshire as it responds to the changing nature of crime and demands, including a greater focus on protecting and caring for vulnerable people.
“This coupled with reductions in funding from central government and our increasing costs, mean we will still need to save £3 million for the year. This would rise to £4.3 million if the precept was frozen.”
Ms Mulligan has asked the public to take part in a survey to choose one of three options:
· Freeze the precept – continue to pay the amount as it stands now
· Increase the precept by 1.99 per cent. This would increase the amount by £4.40 per year (8p per week) for a Band D property.
· Increase the precept by more than 1.99 per cent. This would raise more money but would mean spending at least £700,000 on a referendum on the proposals.
The survey is available online and paper copies will be on display at public buildings across North Yorkshire, such as police stations, libraries and council offices.
Currently about 53 per cent of North Yorkshire Police funding comes from the Government while the remaining 47 per cent is raised locally, mainly through the ‘police precept'.
The survey is available to complete until the end of January.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — The Connecticut state budget stalemate is having a large impact on planning for the new school year, which is just around the corner.
Some superintendents had been bracing to tell families that there was no funding for the pre-school “Smart Start” program.
Malloy Adm says pre-school “Smart Start” programs will be funded because “carry over funding” has been found to cover FY18 school year. — Mark Davis (@markdavisWTNH) August 14, 2017
But as of Monday, the Malloy Administration says money has miraculously been found to save the program. A spokesperson said that money left over from last year will be enough to fund “Smart Start' for the coming school year.
Survey of 30 CT school districts shows 439 positions cut or “on hold” because of budget crisis. There are 167 districts in CT — Mark Davis (@markdavisWTNH) August 14, 2017
But other problems remain unsolved. Many superintendents have teacher positions “on hold” because they don't know if they'll have enough money to pay their salaries.
A COUPLE has escaped injury after a car narrowly missed smashing into their bedroom at Modbury.
The driver of the blue Holden Commodore V6 crashed into a house on Apalie Dr just before 1.50am on Sunday before fleeing the scene.
Homeowners Stephen and Sue Stocks woke to lights streaming into their bedroom at the front of their home of 39 years.
“I heard this noise of the car braking...then a loud bang,” Mr Stocks said.
“I came out, frightened what I was going to find but shocked to find it empty.”
Camera Icon A Holden V6 crashed into house on Apalie Dr, Modbury. Pic Sue Stocks Picture: Supplied
The sedan had lost control and hit a rock garden bed before crashing into a roof-supporting structure near the front door.
Police dog Ruger searched the area and found the suspect, a 19-year-old Golden Grove man, on Corio St.
“I'm surprised rocks didn't fly through our (glass) window,” he said.
“It could have been so much worse.”
Camera Icon The damage seen in daylight after a car was driven into a house at Modbury. (AAP Image/MATT LOXTON) Picture: News Corp Australia
The couple was grateful the rock garden bed had slowed down the vehicle.
The driver was arrested and taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries suffered in the crash.
He will face numerous charges including driving without due care, leaving the scene of an accident, and driving unlicensed.
BRISTOL, Conn. (WTNH) — If you are looking for a summer job, Lake Compounce is hiring!
The Bristol amusement park will hold its recruitment day this Saturday.
Related Content: Hiring surge added 313K jobs in February, most in 1½ years
The day will give applicants a chance to learn more about the different departments at the park.
Management will also be on hand to answer any questions.
Related Content: Hospitals offer big bonuses, free housing and tuition to recruit nurses
For more information, you can visit Lake Compounce's website by clicking here.
CAPE TOWN - Instagram has launched a new feature that will let you know when you've scrolled through all new posts from the last 48 hours.
The company is calling this new feature “You're All Caught Up” which will show up in the form of a message when you've seen every post from the last two days.
"We've heard that it can be difficult to keep track of your seen posts. With this message, you'll have a better understanding of your Feed and know you haven't missed recent photos or videos", the company said in a blog post.
Additionally, posts found beyond the line break are posts that have been up for longer than two days mixed with more recent ones you've already seen and scrolled past. This new feature comes after it was revealed that Facebook and Instagram are working on other tools for showing users how much time they've recently spent in the apps.
Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom has said that the company is developing “tools that will help the Instagram community know more about the time they spent on Instagram,“ adding that “any time should be positive and intentional.”
Understanding how time online impacts people are important, and it's the responsibility of all companies to be honest about this. We want to be part of the solution. I take that responsibility seriously. — Kevin S. (@kevin) May 16, 2018
This feature is available on iOS and Android starting today.
Follow us on our new Instagram page HERE!
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
COLUMBIA FALLS, Maine (AP) — A convoy loaded with Christmas wreaths has left Down East Maine for a weeklong journey to Arlington National Cemetery, where the wreaths will adorn tombstones this holiday season.
The Wreaths Across America caravan departed Sunday from Columbia Falls, where the wreaths were made. It'll travel through Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Washington D.C., before arriving in a week in Arlington, Virginia.
The grand marshals are Vietnam War Medal of Honor recipient Roger Donlon and his wife, Norma Donlon.
The tradition began when Maine wreath maker Morrill Worcester donated 5,000 wreaths to Arlington Cemetery. This year, there will be more than 200,000 of them placed at Arlington alone. A total of 1.2 million wreaths will be placed on markers across the country in 1,238 locations.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Pats v The Eagles: We preview Super Bowl 2018 The West Australian
Our NFL expert Ben O'Shea casts his eye over the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles ahead of their clash in Super Bowl 52.
To the editor,
“If it ain't broke …”
What is so broken about Elkin's traffic situation that regressing from lights to 4-way stop signs will fix?
How will narrowing a street from four lanes to two improve traffic flow?
This proposal reminds one of the plan to plant trees in sidewalks. It didn't turn out very well.
Why not direct attention to repaving Bridge Street and get rid of those bone-jarring bumps and holes?
Concerned neighbor,
Jerry Draughn
Jonesville
Installing sirens is one of a raft of solutions offered to the City of Perth in a damning analysis of its emergency management plan. Dylan Caporn explains the significance of the analysis.
The driver of a vehicle that overturned Tuesday morning was airlifted by Suffolk County police helicopter to an area hospital, Southampton Town police said.
The one-vehicle accident occurred at 8:53 a.m. on County Road 51, about a mile west of Speonk Riverhead Road, police said.
The crash near the border of Eastport and Northampton was being investigated, with the vehicle impounded for a safety check, police said.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
The United States is in direct military competition for the first time in a decade, and its operational advantage is at risk. New competitors and the rapid advance of technology have changed the character of the competition, and the military has to change with it.
That's the message Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson delivered during the keynote address of the 68th Current Strategy Forum at the U.S. Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island on June 13.
Richardson's argument revolved around a strategical concept known as the “OODA Loop.” OODA is an acronym that stands for “Observe, Orient, Decide and Act” — the decision cycle that strategic combat operations undergo.
“That first ‘O' in the OODA loop — observe — is becoming ubiquitous, and I think that that has tremendous implications for how we do business,” he said. “In the near future, I hypothesize, I propose that just about anybody is going to be able to see almost anything anywhere in the world on demand. In fact, it's going to be as accessible to my daughter on her cell phone as it is going to be to my son, a Navy lieutenant on a skiff.”
Advertisement
That's due to a proliferation of sensors — smart electronic devices gathering and feeding data along various networks. These can include cell phones, tablets and laptops, but the list is expanding to also include cars, household appliances and a wide range of other devices. This is what's commonly known as the Internet of Things.
Richardson said as of the end of this year, there are projected to be more than 20 billion devices connected to IoT. By 2020, that number is projected to rise to 30 billion, and is then expected to more than double by 2025.
“As things get more and more connected, as the information becomes, really, flowing in a waterfall or an avalanche, it's bringing with it a new age of cognitive computing decision, and cognitive assistance, machine assistance, to help us make sense of all that data. Adaptive network sensors are now on the horizon and proliferating,” Richardson said.
He referred specifically the Global Fishing Watch, a private sector effort helmed by Google, as an example. This program uses data from automatic identification systems and satellite constellations to monitor more than 50 percent of the world's fishing fleets. But it doesn't just track location, it also monitors behavior.
If these systems can be used to monitor fishing fleets, why not naval fleets and the locations of specific ships? Or perhaps a nation's strategic oil reserves?
“So, it's sifting through all that data to be able to rapidly understand the operational environment and discern those changes is now going to be the critical part of orienting,” he said.
He said that this is why the US advantage in observation is eroding. Previously, the US military had the advantage not only in gathering information (observing), but also in using that data to orient — the second ‘O' in OODA — with greater accuracy using weapons systems like precision munitions.
But the rapid pace of technology advance is changing that.
“The story didn't stop simply with precision,” he said. “The information technology trends in the decades since we were last in a head-to-head competition have not only continued, but they have accelerated. The technological march has become more of a sprint.”
He said the cell phone was invented and widely adopted in half the time of the personal computer, which itself went from invention to adoption in half the time of the telephone.
That increasing pace of technological advancement is forcing competition down the OODA loop; Richardson said the era of precision orienting is giving way to competition for decision.
“In an era in which CubeSats are being launched into space, and zetabytes of information available, the advantage boils down to not who gets the information, but who can make the better sense of it. Who can orient themselves better, and make the better decision,” he said.
He also predicted that soon, hardware-as-a-service and software-as-a-service will give way to sensors-as-a-service. Once that happens, we'll be able to count on near-constant observation being a given for all players on the world stage. And that's going to prompt some reevaluations on concepts like operation deception.
“What does that mean in terms of the way we train and exercise?” Richardson asked. “I mean, if you're going to get ready for the big game on Sunday, how do you prepare for that game when you've got the competition watching all of your practices during the week?”
Richardson said the good news is that the U.S. military is poised to retain its advantage if it can adapt to the changing nature of the competition.
“But I hope I've instilled in you that the character of the game has changed. … I hope I've instilled in you that we've got to capture this changing character and get moving with a sense of urgency, a sense of immediacy,” Richardson said. “This is not something that can wait until 2040 to get going. We've got to make these moves now, we've got to make them boldly.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Christian Dior:
* CHRISTIAN DIOR GROUP RECORDED REVENUE OF 43.7 BILLION EUROS IN 2017, AN INCREASE OF 11% OVER PREVIOUS YEAR
* CAUTIOUSLY CONFIDENT FOR 2018
* PROFIT FROM RECURRING OPERATIONS REACHED 8,373 MILLION EUROS IN 2017, AN INCREASE OF 15%
* DIVIDEND OF 5 EUROS PER SHARE WILL BE PROPOSED IN RESPECT OF 2017 FISCAL YEAR
* FY NET PROFIT GROUP SHARE EUR 2.24 BILLION VERSUS EUR 1.76 BILLION YEAR AGO‍​
* SEES CONTINUED GROWTH MOMENTUM ACROSS ALL BUSINESS GROUPS IN 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Malawi Congress Party (MCP) leaders in the North have warned party members against glorifying individuals in the run-up to 2019 elections.
Kezzie Msukwa chairperson for the North-North region and North-South region deputy chairperson Gracious Soko issued the warning in separate interviews on Thursday.
MCP has found itself in a fix following the joining of Lower Shire political giant Sidik Mia, who has already expressed interest to contest for the position of first deputy president, currently occupied by Richard Msowoya.
Mia has also expressed interest to be picked as running-mate to MCP leader Lazarus Chakwera. Msowoya also wants the post.
Last Sunday, the MCP national executive committee (NEC) resolved to suspend Msowoya and secretary general Gustave Kaliwo for allegedly trying to destabilise the party.
In an interview, Msukwa urged party cadres to promote team-work and stop glorifying individuals to amass winning votes for the party.
He said neither Msowoya nor Mia can amass votes as individuals that can win MCP an election, but team-work.
Msukwa then warned MCP members against rushing to endorse a running-mate, saying that is the prerogative of the party's president.
“Anyone can be chosen running-mate and whosoever the president chooses to be running-mate, the region will support,” he said.
On his part, Soko stressed on the need to prioritise team work.
“As a region we know that what people are saying at grass roots level is what leaders follow. Leaders cannot impose things on people on the ground,” said Soko.
Meanwhile, political scientist Nandin Patel has said the race for first vice-presidency in MCP between Mia and Msowoya is interesting.
She said, in an e-mail response, that both candidates have their special strengths.
“While [Mia] can bring support from the Southern Region, which the party desperately needs, the other candidate [Msowoya] has a deep understanding and judgement of constitutional and democratic issues and has demonstrated leadership qualities as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly,”said Patel.
The post MCP warned against creating political gods appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple Inc. issued a statement describing Shazam as “natural fit” with its services.
“We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam,” Apple said. The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Advertisement
Some of Shazam's features conceivably could be blended into Apple's music streaming services, which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
The Shazam deal marks Apple's biggest acquisition in music since paying $3 billion for Beats Electronics' line of headphones and music service in 2014.
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company's main moneymaker — have slowed. Software and other services generated $30 billion in revenue during Apple's last fiscal year, a 23 percent increase from the previous year.
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone. It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the U.S., Australia and Germany.
NEW YORK (AP) — One of the social media posts resembled a wanted poster or a missing-persons flyer: Photographs of men were arranged in rows, seeking their names and employers.
But the Facebook post wasn't circulated by law enforcement in the search for a suspect or by relatives looking for a missing loved one. It was an example of ordinary people trying to harness the power of social media to identify and shame the white nationalists who attended last weekend's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A Twitter account dedicated to calling out racism identified people who attended the rally using photos culled from the news and social media and listed their places of employment and other information. The account with the handle YesYoureRacist was created by Logan Smith of Raleigh, North Carolina, who said his followers grew from around 64,000 on Saturday to more than 300,000 Monday afternoon.
“I'm a white Jewish man. So I strongly believe that white people in particular have a responsibility to stand up against bigotry because bigotry thrives on silence,” he told The Associated Press. “It requires good people standing by and doing nothing.”
A website created Sunday dedicated itself to collecting the names, social media profiles, colleges and employers of people photographed at the rally. At least one person has lost his job as a result.
Together, the efforts showed that angry online groups can be used to renounce racism as well as promote it.
“The goal with online shaming is very short term and driven by people's desire to feel as if they are fighting back and having an impact,” said Brian Reich, who's written several books on digital communications, behavior and political influence. “They are afraid, appalled and they want to stop it.”
But is it helpful? Reich said those behind these efforts “are arguably fanning the flames,” giving attention to a group — white supremacists — that feeds on attention.
___
THE END OF ANONYMITY?
Nicholas Brody, professor of communications at the University of Puget Sound, said the events show that in the age of social media, “nothing is really anonymous anymore.”
People attending a white supremacist rally decades ago may have had the comfort of knowing that their schools, employers and disapproving family members probably wouldn't find out about their activity.
These days, not only can information be quickly and widely shared, but a lot of data is available about people on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Image searches and facial-recognition technology, meanwhile, can make it relatively easy to identify people online. Smith said he called out the people pictured in photos from the rally through a combination of tips from former classmates and others and online sleuthing.
But the method isn't foolproof. In 2013, users of Twitter and the website Reddit wrongly accused a man of being a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing. Reddit later apologized .
___
COLLEGE STUDENT IS EXPOSED
Peter Cvjetanovic, a 20-year-old college student, was photographed shouting with a group of torch-wielding protesters Friday during a march through the University of Virginia campus. Cvjetanovic said in a television interview that he didn't expect the photo to spread as widely as it did.
But spread it did. And thousands of people signed an online petition to have him kicked out of school. Cvjetanovic told a local TV station that he is “not the angry racist they see in that photo,” but a white nationalist who cares for all people.
The University of Nevada in Reno confirmed Monday that Cvjetanovic is a student there. Spokeswoman Kerri Garcia said the university is “still monitoring the situation and reviewing information.”
A message left for Cvjetanovic through the school was not returned. There was no telephone listing available for him in Reno.
Meanwhile, Top Dog, a hot dog company in the San Francisco area, said one of its employees resigned after being confronted by management about participating in the rally.
___
‘DOXING' AS INVITATION TO VIOLENCE
The practice of publishing private or identifying information — such as an address or phone number — about people online in an attempt to hurt, shame or abuse them is known as “doxing.”
In the 1990s, anti-abortion hackers infamously exposed abortion providers' home addresses, photos and other information on a now-defunct website called the “Nuremberg Files.” Names that were greyed out indicated people who had been “wounded.” A strikethrough meant they had been killed.
Collecting and posting publicly available information, such as a photo of a person attending a public protest, is not the same thing, even if that can still hurt or shame people.
Paul Levinson, a communications professor and social media expert, called it a “moral obligation” to expose white supremacists for who they are, something for which social media provides a good opportunity.
Gordon Coonfield, communications professor at Villanova University, said there is an important difference in the reasons people get doxed.
“Doxing an advocate of racial equality is an implicit — and often explicit — call for violence against them,” he said in an email. “Doxing a white nationalist is a call for accountability. Compelling individuals to be accountable for their words and deeds online or off is not a threat to freedom of expression. It is the foundation of freedom of expression.”
Case in point, Smith said, he has received many death threats because of his Twitter posts, so he's going to consider whether to continue.
“They got ahold of all my personal info and have been threatening me and my family and even my wife's family,” he said.
Of course, mere presence at a rally does not imply willing participation. Tiki Brand Products, whose torches were used and widely photographed during the rally, took to Facebook to distance itself from the march.
“We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way,” the company wrote on its Facebook page. Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard.”
__
Associated Press Writer Jonathan Drew contributed to this story from Raleigh, North Carolina.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Posted 1 day ago
Laiser Hill dethroned Upper Hill as the national secondary school boys basketball champions, winning 51-43 in a pulsating final. This as Girls Basketball
SKARAMANGAS, Greece (AP) — Soccer fans of a certain age may still remember Antonis Nikopolidis for his resemblance to American actor George Clooney and as the goalkeeper who helped Greece become surprise European Champions in 2004.
Now the country's national youth team coach, Nikopolidis is helping refugees stranded in Greece regain a sense of purpose. The soccer team he helped build, named Hope (Elpida in Greek), is made up of players who fled warzones in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Most of Hope's players live in Skaramangas, an industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have been turned into shoebox-shaped homes. They compete in an amateur league on Sundays, facing teams made up of lawyers, telecom workers and accountants.
Nikopolidis, a soft-spoken 46-year-old whose hair has turned silver in retirement, says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the European Union's slow-moving relocation program.
“We're helping people who are at a difficult moment in their lives,” he said. “They are guests in our country, and we are trying with this team to give them a few hours of happiness.”
Soccer is the main source of entertainment for many of the 60,000 refugees and economic migrants living in camps around Greece while they wait for asylum applications to be processed and a possible move elsewhere in Europe.
“You have to spend your time (doing something) because it's very boring,” Hozaifa Hajdepo, 23, a Hope player from Syria, said. “If you stay in your home and you don't have work, you will be like — you will die.”
The Union of European Football Associations, the governing body for soccer in Europe, has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries. Some of the money that went to Greece is being used to sponsor Nikopolidis' team.
Nearly 9,000 refugees have been moved from Greece to other European Union countries, and the coach already has lost several players. But with the pace of relocations still at just over half the target rate, most of the team expects to be in Greece for a while.
“It's a joy for me to do this,” Nikopolidis said. “The main thing is that they enjoy it, that they have fun … We have created a group of friends, with bonds of friendship, a family.”
___
Theodora Tongas and Srdjan Nedeljkovic in Athens contributed. Follow Stavrakis at http://www.twitter.com/TStavrak and Gatopoulos at http://www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos
Dean Gaffney is reprising his role as Robbie Jackson in EastEnders.
He said he feels "so lucky" to be back working...with all the other great actors (just to be back working must be a huge relief though.)
Street Market just isn't the same without Robbie policing it in his high-vis jacket'.
Will Wellard be back too? Although Wellard would be around 230 in dog years, we can all hope!
One Direction are running scared of Harry Styles. Sign of the Times is a hit world-wide and the rest of the 1D lads are now delaying their solo work until after Harry releases his album in May...which is going to be excellent by the sounds of it.
Lily Allen has said her latest album would be an honest look at went wrong in her relationship with Sam Cooper - and a new song, called Family Man, has leaked online proving it's as honest and heartbreaking as she suggested.
Lyrics include “I am more than selfish, I am tired, I'm helpless. If I had the time of day, I might give all my days to you.”
However, the song finished with her hinting they could she could get back with Sam in the future: “I know we're gonna pull through, but darling I need my time away from you.”
Her album is due out in June and there's nothing like a bit of heartbreak to get an album together.
For the first time in modern history, scientists have observed an entire river disappear in the space of days.
The phenomenon – called river piracy – is where one river's flow is captured by another. Historical evidence suggests it usually takes thousands of years for the process to occur, but in this case the Slims River fed by Canada's Kaskawulsh Glacier was co-opted in only four days – a timeframe researchers describe as "geologically instantaneous and… likely to be permanent".
"Geologists have seen river piracy, but nobody to our knowledge has documented it happening in our lifetimes," says geoscientist Dan Shugar from the University of Washington Tacoma.
"People had looked at the geological record – thousands or millions of years ago – not the 21st century, where it's happening under our noses."
Shugar and fellow researchers travelled to the Slims River on a fieldwork expedition in the Yukon last August, but when they arrived they found that Slims – which had a flow averaging about 480 metres (1,575 feet) wide previously – had all but disappeared.
"[T]here was barely any flow whatsoever. It was essentially a long, skinny lake," says Shugar.
"The water was somewhat treacherous to approach, because you're walking on these old river sediments that were really goopy and would suck you in. And day by day we could see the water level dropping."
River gauges indicated that water levels had dropped sharply between 26 and 29 May 2016. To examine where all the water had gone, the team surveyed the area using drones and a helicopter, and the culprit in this case of river piracy became apparent.
For the last 300–350 years, Slims River was fed by north-running meltwaters from one of Canada's largest glaciers, Kaskawulsh Glacier.
But with the glacier retreating in recent years due to Earth's warming climate, a period of intense melting saw the flow of meltwater punch a new channel in the ice, rerouting the flow southwards via the Kaskawulsh River.
What this means is that instead of ending up in the Bering Sea by way of Kluane Lake, the meltwater now runs in a south-east direction and eventually reaches the Pacific Ocean.
It's a massive turnaround – and not only because it's the first time that river piracy has happened so quickly, but because it's the first case where scientists think the phenomenon happened due to human-caused climate change.
"The event is a bit idiosyncratic, given the peculiar geographic situation in which it happened," says one of the team, John Clague from Canada's Simon Fraser University, "but in a broader sense it highlights the huge changes that glaciers are undergoing around the world due to climate change."
Although the areas surrounding the Slims River aren't heavily populated by humans, the researchers say the effects of the rerouting will have huge consequences on natural ecosystems – and could affect future water supply in the region.
"While one remote glacial river changing its course in the Yukon might not seem like a particularly big deal, glacier melt is a source of water for many people," geoscientist Rachel M. Headley from the University of Wisconsin-Parkside, who wasn't involved with the study, told The New York Times.
"[A]nd the sediments and nutrients that glacier rivers carry can influence onshore and offshore ecological environments, as well as agriculture."
Given the particular location of Kaskawulsh Glacier, the team suggests that other melting glaciers wouldn't necessarily produce similar instances of river stealing as they melt – but it could happen.
In any case, the phenomenon serves as another powerful reminder – in case we needed any – that the ramifications of global warming can produce dramatic and difficult-to-predict tangents.
"So far, a lot of the scientific work surrounding glaciers and climate change has been focused on sea-level rise," Shugar explains in a press release.
"Our study shows there may be other under-appreciated, unanticipated effects of glacial retreat."
The findings are reported in Nature Geoscience.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court (SC) has resumed the hearing of Panama case Wednesday (Today) after a break of two weeks.
A five-member larger bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa is hearing the case.
Salman Akram Raja, the counsel of Hussain Nawaz and Hassan Nawaz is presenting his arguments.
Earlier, the hearing was adjourned as Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed suffered a heart problem.
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
Heavy-hitting heavyweight starlet Daniel Dubois has been added to Saturday's (April 22) stacked Leicester Arena bill.
‘Dangerous' Dan will face Manchester-based Cameroonian Blaise Mendouo (3-1-0) over four rounds in his second outing as a professional, live on BT Sport and BoxNation.
It took Dubois just 35 seconds to blast out Cornwall's Marcus Kelly in his highly-anticipated pro debut at the Manchester Arena earlier this month and now the Greenwich man is itching to get back under the lights to put in another big performance.
Mendouo, 32, made his professional debut against Istvan Orsos back in 2015 has racked up 18 rounds during his four outings. ‘The Lion' went on to score points wins over Moses Matovu and Shane Kavanagh and has never been put down in his career.
“I can't wait to get back in the ring,” said Dubois. “I loved the whole experience of my first professional fight and it is a feeling that I want to enjoy over and over again. In an ideal world Kelly would have put up more of a fight but I went in there and did what I had to do.
“He was game and came out swinging but as soon as he tasted one of my left hands it was game over for him. The tougher tests will come as I progress and Mendouo is another step up, he is another opponent with a winning record.
“Getting the win is my main priority but I'm also in this game to entertain. I'm going to put in another big performance on Saturday so make sure you grab a ticket or tune in on BT Sport and BoxNation!”
Birmingham's Tommy Langford faces ‘mini Mike Tyson' Avtandil Khurtsidze for the WBO Interim Middleweight World Title in the evening's main event; local lad Jahmaine ‘Smasher' Smyle (14-4-2, 6 KOs) makes the second defence of his English Super-Middleweight strap against unbeaten Londoner Darryl Williams (14-0, 6 KOs).
Slick South African Zolani Tete (24-3, 20 KOs) faces Arthur Villanueva in a final eliminator for the WBO World Bantamweight Championship; Lyon Woodstock Jr (8-0, 4 KOs) challenges for his first professional Title – the Midlands Area Super-Featherweight strap against Birmingham's Paul Holt and KO king Anthony Yarde (9-0, 8 KOs) will be looking to extend his unbeaten record into double figures against Welshman Nathan King.
April 24 (UPI) -- A semi truck crash in China caused a slippery mess when the trailer spilled its load of more than 100,000 duck eggs into the roadway.
A video from the Saturday incident in Quzhou City, Zhejiang Province, shows police officers and transportation crews working to clean up the mess from the broken eggs.
Police said the truck had been carrying more than 100,000 duck eggs when the driver lost control on a decline and the vehicle flipped over.
No injuries were reported from the crash.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Musicians, actors and fashion icons descended on Miami for a whirlwind week of glamorous parties to celebrate some of the world's best artists during Art Basel.
Drake and Lil Wayne took over the 24/7 ultra-club E11EVEN MIAMI for the Bootsy Bellows pop up on Friday. Lil Wayne took center stage but Drake jumped up with him for an impromptu performance of “Jumpman” and “Fake Love.” The two did a few songs together and Drake, whose hits include “Hotline Bling” and “Passionfruit,” gave a little bow to Lil Wayne while praising the rapper for inspiring him.
Rapper 2 Chainz followed Drake and joined the two on stage. The party went into the early morning hours and NFL star Odell Beckham Jr. even joined in.
Grammy nominated rapper Cardi B performed Thursday at one of the most exclusive parties of the week, TIDAL X: Moschino, hosted by famed fashion designer Jeremy Scott. She was joined by rapper and producer G-Eazy. Diplo, Joan Smalls and Paris Hilton. The following night, Cardi B hit up popular LIV nightclubs for a show.
At the former Versace mansion, HBO's “Insecure” actress Issa Rae hosted a party to announce the finalists of Bombay Sapphire Artisan Series' annual arts competition. Guests included Olivia Culpo, frequent Basel attendee Eva Longoria and Mark Ronson. Partygoers drank gin cocktails from neon glowing light bulb glasses and took 3-D images in a tricked out photo booth.
Over at the exclusive 1 Hotel South Beach's The Beach Club, Barry Sternlicht and Richard LeFrak hosted a poolside party attended by Will and Jaden Smith and Owen Wilson. Guests dined on ceviche jars, poke rolls and mini matcha cakes.
The late night crowd headed to nightclub Rockwell, which teamed up with 1OAK for a three-night pop-up that included performances by hometown rapper Rick Ross, 2 Chainz and a party toast Miguel's new album “War & Leisure.” Ross ended his performance by ordering a bottle of champagne to be delivered to every table in the nightclub. Guests such as Major League Baseball's National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton, actor and former basketball star Rick Fox, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Over at the nightclub ORA, 50 Cent took the stage before a raucous crowd that included boxers Danny Garcia and Jean Pasquale. The rapper performed 12 songs from the DJ booth including hits “Candy Shop” and “In Da Club” and his own rendition of Cardi B's “Bodak Yellow.”
In Wynwood, music producer Swizz Beatz who founded The Dean Collection, hosted a three day event with Bacardi giving artists free space to exhibit their work, along with a rare deal that gives 100 percent of sales directly to the artists as part of his No Commission theme. The art aficionado, who is married to Alicia Keys, has talked about the plight of struggling artists and his desire to promote them. His wife has said art brought them closer when they first started dating.
“It's a good time to be on the fighting side of creative freedom. Fearless voices linking together to create a movement. It takes courage, risk and a view of the future others cannot see. This is what new frontiers are made of, this is why No Commission was born,” said Swizz Beatz, whose real name is Kasseem Dean.
The three-day party was one of the most popular of the week with hundreds lined up outside to hear Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, Busta Rhymes, Maxwell and Chronixx. Leikeli47 performed her hit “Money,” and Swizz performed a special DJ set. Celeb attendees included Michael B. Jordan, Amar'e Stoudemire, and Major Lazer's Jillionaire.
Also in Wynwood, actor Gerard Butler checked out artist's Peter Tunney's Gallery and took a tour of the iconic muraled Wynwood Walls. He was also spotted riding around town with Tunney in his Lady Bug golf cart.
On Tuesday, the Wynwood Walls hosted an exclusive dinner and after party to unveil 12 new art installations created for Art Basel while Jermaine Dupri performed.
Art Basel Miami Beach, the prestigious extension of the annual contemporary art fair in Basel, Switzerland, didn't officially open until Thursday, but the fair has become so popular that it's spawned dozens of others around Miami along with star-studded parties days in advance. The lavish festivities even brought out members of the royal family on Wednesday.
Sarah, Duchess of York, and daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie celebrated the opening of Art Basel at a party hosted by art powerhouse Hauser & Wirth at 1 Hotel South Beach to honor acclaimed American artist Mark Bradford, whose works include ‘Pickett's Charge' at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington DC. Princess Eugenie is a director at Hauser & Wirth.
Guests included singer Ellie Goulding, Owen Wilson, Wendi Murdoch, Ricky Martin and Diplo. The evening began with drinks on the private beach of the newly launched Beach Club with music by Bad Apples Brass Band and ended in a rooftop dance party where Ronson took to the decks for a late night DJ set.
___
This story corrects spelling for Barry Sternlicht.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
× Man Charged for Stabbing Three People in Schuylkill Haven
SCHUYLKILL HAVEN — Roy Hogan, 24, of Cressona is charged with attempted homicide for stabbing three people in Schuylkill Haven.
Police said Hogan broke into his ex-girlfriend's home on Orchard Avenue and stabbed three people while they were sleeping and then ran away from the scene.
“There were fire engines and ambulances and two helicopters,” Pamela Setlock of Schuylkill Haven said.
Setlock goes to a church near where the stabbings happened.
“As I got here, when I got to Orchard Avenue, there were several police cars blocking Orchard Avenue, so I had to take a different route to the church,” Setlock said.
Police said Hogan got into the house through a doggy door and then stabbed two men sleeping in the home as well as a woman. Investigators said one of the men was stabbed in the throat, the other in his face, while the woman had minor injuries. All three are expected to okay.
Neighbors are shocked that all of this played out in their neighborhood.
“Really surprised,” Wally Walinsky of Schuylkill Haven said. “(This is a) pretty quiet neighborhood. We never kind of have any troubles. No problems with breaking-in or anything.”
Police caught Hogan in the neighborhood after he ran away. They said Hogan's ex-girlfriend had a PFA against him and that Hogan had violated that protective order a few hours before the stabbings. Schuylkill Haven's police chief said his officers were in the process of putting together an arrest warrant when the attacks happened.
“It was a very quick response by my officer and I believe it saved some lives,” Chief Jeff Walcott said.
In addition to the attempted homicide charge, Hogan is also charged with aggravated assault, terroristic threats, and burglary.
The Pakistan Cricket Board on Wednesday reiterated its resolve to hold the PSL final in Lahore.
“We have told the government that we are organising the PSL final in Lahore,” PCB Chairman Shahryar Khan told media.
He said that a monitoring team comprising foreigners would visit Lahore in the next few days to review the security situation.
Meanwhile, PSL Chairman Najam Sethi said that a new draft would be presented to respective franchises and their players on Feb 22 to make a decision on whether or not the PSL final would be held in Lahore.
March 29 Shaw Brothers Holdings Ltd
* Tailor Made has entered into artiste management agreement 1 with Good Servant
* Good Servant Engages Tailor made as sole and exclusive agent and personal representative of wong in entertainment industry
* Tailor made has also entered into artiste management agreement 2 with esther communications
* Esther Communications engages tailor made as sole and exclusive agent and personal representative of li in entertainment industry Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Neil Best first worked at Newsday in 1982, then returned in 1985. His SportsWatch column debuted in 2005. email twitter
The Rangers' best-case playoff narrative went something like this: Aging, much-loved star goaltender mounts one last dramatic run at the Stanley Cup at age 35, shining when it counts most after a lackluster regular season.
Instead, what we have a mere three games into the story is only half of it coming true.
Henrik Lundqvist is doing his part, playing well enough to win every night and looking very much the King Henrik who has been the Rangers' centerpiece for more than a decade.
Trouble is, his teammates have not come along for the ride. So it was Sunday night that Lundqvist found himself sitting at his locker trying to put into perspective a miserable 3-1 loss to the Canadiens and a 2-1 first-round playoff series deficit.
“We just have to give more — at home, playoffs — or we're not going to win,” he said. “We need more, simple as that.”
That is an understatement. On offense, the Rangers were in a daze, giving fans at the Garden little reason to make the sort of noise for which their Bell Centre counterparts in Montreal have gotten so much credit.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
They had 12 shots on goal through two periods and did not score until less than three minutes remained. The Canadiens' Carey Price is one of the best goalies in the world, but he barely got any exercise.
“Right now, we're just getting caught too much on the outside,” Marc Staal said. “We're not getting in the middle of the ice. We're not creating any havoc in front or creating any screens or anything like that.”
All true.
The Rangers undercut Lundqvist's strong early play with two ill-advised penalties that led to power-play goals on which he had little chance.
The first was a penalty on J.T. Miller for directing the puck with his hand on a faceoff. The second was a slightly less moronic double-minor on Mats Zuccarello for high-sticking the Canadiens' Andrei Markov.
“Obviously, there were a couple of tough penalties that cost us,” Lundqvist said. Obviously.
The Rangers now have a six-game home playoff losing streak across three springs in which they have been outscored 21-4.
That's hard to fathom. But the fact that the slide continued Sunday night was not, given how poorly the Rangers often played at the Garden this season.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
That 2-0 victory in Game 1 is ancient history now. The Rangers promised to bounce back from a Game 2 loss in which they were less than 18 seconds from winning, then laid an Easter egg instead. “We all need to be better,” Lundqvist said.
The first “Hen-rik” chant broke out not quite eight minutes into the game in a first period mostly controlled by the Canadiens, who peppered Lund qvist with scoring opportunities.
Within a minute or so, he made big stops on Max Pacioretty, Paul Byron and Dwight King. After the last of them, he clearly expressed just how frustrated he was becoming.
The second period was more of the same, with the Rangers' offense sputtering and the defense relying on Lundqvist to keep it scoreless. At one point, the shots on goal were 16-8 in the Canadiens' favor.
“We'll regroup and focus on the next game here [Tuesday night],” Lundqvist said. “I think we all feel like we can do better here at home.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
They had better, or he will be one year closer to solidifying his status as the Garden's Patrick Ewing of the 21st century — a consistently excellent future Hall of Famer who never quite won the grand prize.
That would be a huge shame. And if this keeps up, the shame will be on the guys not wearing goalie skates.
× Rescued dogs flown to San Diego to land forever homes
SAN DIEGO – Eighteen dogs collected from overcrowded shelters and rescue organizations in southern states arrived Tuesday in San Diego to find their forever homes.
The dogs, which arrived just after 4 p.m. at Montgomery-Gibbs Executive Airport aboard a Wings of Rescue plane, are part of an estimated 420 dogs and cats from six shelters in Tennessee, Mississippi and Arkansas.
The dogs will be taken to the Rancho Coastal Humane Society in Encinitas and will be available for adoption Sunday after they go through their health and behavioral evaluations.
Potential adopters were advised to go to the shelter to fill out an application in person.
Jackie Page is only a college sophomore attending the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, but she's already building an impressive resume.
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
Redmond-based Microsoft introduced its voice assistant similar to Apple's Siri, namely Cortana. As Windows 10 gets the update, so does the Cortana. With each updates Cortana is becoming is smarter and cooler in taking up the responsibility.
Having said that, if you have any doubt about the abilities of Cortana, we jotted down some of the reasons on why you should use it on your system.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Compatible with both desktop and laptop Initially, the Cortana was launched for the Windows Phone 7 as a mobile app. But now, it has made a debut in desktop computers, laptops, and tablets with Windows 10. You can access Cortana by clicking the Mic button next to start button for various tasks. Browser compatible With the Windows 10 update, the company has replaced the Internet Explorer with Edge Browser. In this, both Cortana and Edge browser are designed to work together with efficiency. On the Edge browser, the voice assistant pops out on the address bar for you to ask. Search files Cortana also helps you in locating files or document across all available data, both on your hard drive and in the cloud. This indeed comes handy when you have a large collection of files or data. Dedicated buttons With Cortana taking Windows 10 by storm, some manufacturers like Cortana are implementing a dedicated button for it. You can just press the button to activate the Cortana, which is faster than voice activation. Cross platform availability While Siri is exclusive to Apple, Google Now for Android, Cortana used to be exclusive but not now. With its new version, Cortana is stepping to Android and iOS apart from Windows platform. Having said that, it won't work as efficient as it works in Windows platform. Personal recognition While some voice assistance gets messed up, Microsoft has learned a lesson and set up a recognition feature that allows Cortana to learn your own vocal range. This helps the assistant to respond more readily to your own commands than others. A bit of humor too Cortana does not only help you in tasks but also can crack a joke, sing a song, and make fun of Siri too. When you are bored without any company you can interact with Cortana to get know her fun part. Location-based voice commands You can specify the location in the Windows phone so that it helps you according to it. In case if you are in the grocery store, it will remind you to take stuff that you might need or stored it in a reminder. This allows her to remind you about various events or activities at a moment's.
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. (AP) — There may be no more potent reminder of California's humongous snowfall than the plows still clearing roads that snake across the state's highest mountains as summer approaches.
Crews have been digging, blowing and blasting for months — and the work is not finished, though an approaching heat wave could speed up the process.
“We're almost at the middle of June and we still have lots of passes that aren't open,” said Florene Trainor, a spokeswoman for the California Department of Transportation.
Few roads traverse the Sierra Nevada, the rocky spine running 400 miles up the state that is home to Yosemite National Park. Mountain passes are typically open by Memorial Day.
Advertisement
The only road through Yosemite, Highway 120, remained closed this week as crews dig out from snows that topped 20 feet and drifted well over 50 feet.
On a recent day, the park's entrance station at 9,945-foot high Tioga Pass was buried in snow.
But the serenity of the Sierra Nevada, with birds chirping beneath snow-crested peaks that tower above 12,000 feet, was shaken by the roar and beep of plows, excavators and massive machines carving through 15-foot snowbanks and moving giant blocks of snow. Big snow blowers sent plumes arcing through the air and off the side of the road.
As the Caltrans crew dug the entrance out from the east, a crew from the park was working from the west to clear the road that winds its way to Yosemite Valley, the park's top destination.
Caltrans had begun inching its way up the road more than two months ago when it seemed more like winter. It snowed on and off throughout the spring, with a late-season storm hitting last weekend.
The air is clean and views are stunning, but working here is not for the faint of heart as drivers maneuver large machines along narrow ribbons that feel suspended above an abyss. Helicopter footage shot this spring for Caltrans showed the small margin for error in places where the road clung to cliffs and then vanished under a white blanket where the path was obscured.
“It's spooky, it's nerve-wracking … especially when you can't see the road. You're on a big sled,” said Clint Weier, a maintenance superintendent with Caltrans. “Some of our operators up here have had some wow factors.”
Avalanches stampede down granite walls, taking trees and rocks with them that choke roads. In one section, tree trunks and branches from a previous slide poked from sheer snowbanks littered with pine needles and other debris from a previous snow slide.
Rockslides pose a threat even after workers use charges and other methods to release snow slides to alleviate the danger. Slides and the crushing weight of the snowpack damaged guardrails in some places that serve as the lone barrier between the road and a precipitous drop that plunges hundreds of feet east of the park entrance.
A Yosemite plow driver was killed by an avalanche in 1995 and now maintenance workers in the park complete avalanche safety courses to work on the road, park spokesman Scott Gediman said.
The park's official map notes that the eastern entrance atop the state's highest automobile pass is typically closed through May, but it usually opens later after a snowy winter, Gediman said Tuesday. There's no date yet to open the road through the park.
Just to the north of the park, Sonora Pass opened Tuesday. Ebbetts Pass farther north remains closed, said Skip Allum, a Caltrans spokesman. To the south, crews plowed the road over Minaret Summit near Mammoth Mountain ski area.
In Lassen Volcanic National Park, much farther north, deep snow still buries the road that circles the southernmost peak in the Cascade Range. The road is expected to open in early July.
The snowpack presented an additional challenge this year because it was heavily saturated with water. The dense and frozen snow was harder to cut through, heavier to move and broke equipment, Paul Jensen, a Caltrans plow driver, said.
Jensen has been working overtime all spring to get the road into Yosemite open and hasn't minded working weekends. He considers it a labor of love.
“Twenty years and I'm still not tired of it,” Jensen said. “It's my favorite time of the year.”
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating the "unexplained" death of a man in a Huntingdon park.
Officers were alerted to the discovery of the body at Hinchingbrooke Country Park on Thursday (February 1).
A member of the public reported the finding to police at around 1.40 pm.
The weekly park run event that takes place every Saturday has been cancelled due to the police's ongoing investigation.
A spokeswoman for Cambridgeshire police said: "Officers are currently investigating the sudden death of a man in Hinchingbrooke Country Park in Huntingdon.
"It was reported to the police by a member of the public at about 1.40pm on February 1.
"The death is being treated as unexplained. Investigations are continuing."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
The wood molding supplier's tongue and groove paneling heightens the decorative appeal of ceilings and walls. The company not only makes these products but delivers them on schedule, too.
[GEORGETOWN, 7/2/2018] — Miskas Wood Products is a leading supplier of wood trims and molding in Ontario. It creates pine-made tongue and groove paneling to enhance the aesthetic appeal of ceilings and walls. As a trusted wood molding manufacturer, customers can count on the long-term durability of its products.
Giving Ceilings a Solid, Complete Look
Homeowners who want to add beauty and warmth to their room can turn to the company's tongue and groove panels. The company's products create beautiful interiors through paneling. They bring out the beauty of any interior design, whether the style is traditional or contemporary.
Its smooth, seamless look gives walls and ceilings a complete look. The company recommends its pine tongue and groove to homeowners who want to create an accent wall in their bedroom or living area.
Adding a Decorative Indoor Appeal
Tongue and groove moldings are two separate pieces of wood fit together snugly. As an edge-to-edge joint, it has a groove cut on one edge and a tongue cut on another. From achieving a rustic charm to a more elegant appeal, tongue and groove paneling gives every home further character and texture.
The products come in three different types, including paint-grade, knotty pine, and on special. These are suitable for any type of home.
The company manufactures its products under one roof, ensuring customers of high-quality products due to better production control and on-time delivery. The process enables customers complete their home improvement projects faster and easier.
About Miskas Wood Products
Miskas Wood Products is a family-owned wood trim and molding manufacturer in Ontario. The company observes sustainable business practices in serving its customers in Georgetown and Brampton. The products they offer include casings and baseboards, window extensions, tongue and groove paneling, live edge slabs, columns and pillars, and more.
To request a quote, visit https://miskaswoodproducts.com.
By TOM WITHERS, AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) — Trevor Bauer made Aaron Judge look silly, and made his manager look like a genius.
One year after nearly costing the Indians a trip to the World Series, Bauer helped them take the first step back.
Named a surprise starter for Game 1, Bauer chopped Judge and New York's other big bats down to size, and Jay Bruce drove in three runs as Cleveland began chasing its first World Series title in 69 years with a 4-0 win over the Yankees on the Thursday night in the opener of the AL Division Series.
Bauer struck out Judge three times , twice getting the MVP candidate looking. He allowed just two hits in 6 2-3 innings before manager Terry Francona, who chose to start the right-hander over ace Corey Kluber, turned to baseball's best bullpen, using Andrew Miller and closer Cody Allen to finish the three-hitter.
Allen came in with two on and two outs in the eighth to face Judge, who struck out for the fourth time and the rookie angrily snatched at his bat frustration. Allen then worked the ninth for a save.
Judge's verdict on Bauer was unanimous in New York's clubhouse.
“He was mixing his pitches well, he was using the corners extremely well,” he said. “You've got to tip your cap sometimes. We've just got to pick ourselves up and get ready for tomorrow.”
New York's now got to face Kluber, an 18-game winner during the regular season. He'll start Game 2 on Friday against CC Sabathia.
Bruce connected for a two-run homer in the fourth off Sonny Gray and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth as the Indians began a journey to try and end the majors' longest Series title drought.
Eyebrows were raised when Francona picked Bauer instead of Kluber, and the eccentric right-hander, perhaps best known for slicing a pinkie open while repairing a drone during last year's postseason and bleeding all over the mound in Toronto, delivered a performance that started October just right for the Indians.
“The mindset was to go out there like a closer in the first inning and put up a scoreless inning at all costs,” Bauer said. “And then if I was still in the game, do it again in the second inning and the third and on until I was taken out of the game. So no-hitter, 10-hitter, or whatever, that was the mindset. I never really strayed from that.”
Coming off their win over Minnesota in the wild-card game Tuesday, when Judge homered in his playoff debut, the Yankees came in with momentum.
Bauer stopped the Bronx Bombers cold.
He struck out eight and took a no-hitter into the sixth before Aaron Hicks doubled with one out. It was the longest no-hit bid by a Cleveland pitcher in the postseason, bettering Hall of Famers Bob Feller (1948) and Early Wynn (1954), who both went four innings.
Bauer improved to 3-0 this season against the Yankees.
“His curveball was really good,” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. “It's as good as we've seen it, and he's been pitching better. You look at his second half, and he had better command. We didn't get many free base runners, which we have in the past off of him, and he was really good.”
Taking the mound to his usual thundering warm-up music, “The Pursuit of Vikings,” an intimidating song by Swedish metal band Amon Amarth, Bauer didn't mess around.
He struck out Judge in the first watching a curveball. Bauer, who is 11-1 in his last 14 starts, struck out Judge again in the fourth, but the All-Star reached on a wild pitch. Bauer, though, regrouped by getting Gary Sanchez to bounce into a double play before he's freezing Didi Gregorius for his sixth strikeout.
Bauer got help from All-Star-second baseman-turned-center fielder Jason Kipnis, who made a diving catch to rob Chase Headley in the third. As Kipnis slowly got to his feet, Bauer raised both arms above his head, pumped his fist and screamed to salute his teammate.
Bruce gave the Indians a 3-0 lead in the fourth with a towering homer to right.
After Edwin Encarnacion walked, Gray came inside with a 0-1 fastball and Bruce got around on it. As his shot cut through the fall night, Judge appeared as if he might be able to make a play near the wall, but the 6-foot-7 slugger could only watch as Bruce's shot sailed into the seats.
Bruce nearly caught Encarnacion on the bases, and as he finished a home-run trot that was more of a sprint, Cleveland's fans hollered “Bruuuuuuuce” like a crowd at a Springsteen concert.
The Indians are 43-9 since Bruce arrived in an Aug. 9 trade from the New York Mets.
“I'm very, very fortunate to be here,” Bruce said. “I couldn't have fallen into a better situation. Obviously, when you get traded and you're in trade rumors, it's usually a contender or a team that's contending at the moment. For whatever reason, I ended up here. And this has been a blast so far.”
Because of his personality and unorthodox training techniques, it took Bauer time to feel comfortable with his Cleveland teammates. But they've grown to appreciate his quirky ways and the fact that he's a gamer.
Bauer said Wednesday that he was “miserable” and depressed earlier this season, when he was struggling and unable to help.
“It was like I was on the team but didn't feel like I was contributing, which is a terrible feeling for any competitor,” he said. “You want to be one of the main guys out there with your teammates and contributing.”
He's doing his part now.
KIPNIS' KATCH
Kipnis was well aware that his move to center was questioned.
“That's all I've been hearing is I shouldn't be playing center field,” he said. “Tonight was the first ball in the gap that I had to go and get, and it was a fun one.”
Bauer appreciated Kipnis' exceptional effort, calling it “the biggest play of the game. I was pretty pumped up about that.”
OVERWORKED
New York's starters have gone only 3 2-3 innings, forcing the bullpen to log 13 1-3 innings already in the postseason.
“Physically, they're fine,” Girardi said.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
After missing several practices during training camp, it has been great to see Pittsburgh Steelers running back James Conner back in the field practicing the past two days. With Le'Veon Bell still holding out, Conner is the player everyone wants to see. After practice on Monday Conner spoke to the media and he let everyone know he's going to play on Sunday. Definitely. Maybe. Possibly.
The Steelers are taking on the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday and we should see far more familiar faces in uniform. Training camp injuries left the team very thin in their first preseason game. The running back group, in particular, looked pretty average, in large part because of the absence of Bell and Conner.
Pittsburgh spent a third-round pick on Conner in the most recent draft. His combination of power and agility made him one of the more formidable running backs in college football. His addition to the Steelers gives them a weapon as a backup they were missing after letting DeAngelo Williams go unsigned.
Conner was pretty definitive about his intention to play on Sunday, but ultimately it will be a coaches decision. They must balance between him getting live reps and not making his shoulder injury worse.
ROANOKE - Preview the Alleghany Hertiage Day & Railway Festival happening this weekend in Downtown Clifton Forge. Hear more about this event celebrating the rich history of Alleghany County.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
By: Evan Jankens
@kingofthekc
Andre Drummond is polarizing to the Detroit sports fans.
He signed a 5-year $125 million contract last July and now fans wish the Pistons wouldn't have signed him to such a monster deal.
There recently have been reports that the Pistons have looked into trading the All-Star center.
Wednesday morning a Boston Celtics fan sent out a tweet that said, “@celtics Just imagine the dominance the team could possibly have with them on the squad. It's just smart if you ask me! #DieHardFan #Celtics.”
@celtics Just imagine the dominance the team could possibly have with them on the squad. It's just smart if you ask me! #DieHardFan #Celtics pic.twitter.com/kneTrGk9MC — #LONGLIVEKIP (@mdnicethaking22) June 14, 2017
It's a basic tweet from a fan. That's all it was until Andre Drummond decided to like the photo.
It's all fun and games till Drummond likes the tweet pic.twitter.com/ykpzj6BRpm — Evan Jankens (@KINGoftheKC) June 14, 2017
For all I know Drummond liked the awful Photoshop of him in a Celtics uniform. Maybe the guy who tweeted it actually knows Drummond. Maybe he hit “like” by accident. No matter what happened or why he liked it, it might make Pistons' fans happy to think that the team can get out from underneath his big contract.
OTTAWA - A increase in asylum claims in Canada could eventually mean a staggering 11-year wait for a hearing and $2.97 billion in federal social supports for claimants in the meantime, an internal government analysis has concluded.
The Immigration and Refugee Board is already trying to whittle down its current backlog, but received no new money in the latest federal budget.
With 2017 application numbers expected to far exceed earlier projections, the board simply can't keep up, says the memo, obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act.
The Immigration Department memorandum was drawn up this spring amid a flood of people illegally crossing into Canada from the U.S. to claim asylum, dominating headlines and raising pointed House of Commons questions about the integrity of Canada's borders and immigration system.
The department was asked to explore estimated backlogs at the Immigration and Refugee Board and the associated wait times under different scenarios, following a meeting about the U.S. border-crosser issue in March.
Since January, at least 2,700 people have been intercepted by the RCMP between legal border points; most went on to file claims. The memo does not directly address the impact of the border crossers, though certain sections were redacted.
But those numbers are only part of the mix.
Asylum claims have been steadily rising since 2015; that year, there were 16,115, and in 2016 there were 23,895. As of April this year, the last month for which data is publicly available, there were already 12,040 claims in the system.
The memo projects that claim levels will hit 36,000 this year and could continue to increase after that.
"This scenario best reflects current concerns around increased volumes of claimants observed to date in 2017, and takes into account overall increases in asylum intake from 2015 to 2016," it says.
The memo goes on to say that by the end of 2021, the new system inventory would grow to approximately 192,700 claims, equivalent to 133 months' worth of output from the board, or a wait time of approximately 11 years.
The social support costs for claimants were $600 a month each in 2016-17, the memo said. At that claim volume, those costs could climb to $2.97 billion from 2017 through 2021.
The other two scenarios examined were what would happen if intake for 2017 remained at the originally projected number of 28,000 claims, or what would happen if there was 36,000 claims with no growth after that.
In the first scenario, wait times would be between four to five years; in the second, around six years.
The IRB has been sounding the alarm for months over its ability to keep pace with the rising numbers.
They cite a number of factors, including dozens of vacancies for decision-maker positions and also a legislative regime that requires hearings to be scheduled within certain timelines.
A backlog has arisen, the note explains, because hearings need to be scheduled as soon as the claims are filed, and the board simply can't keep up with the pace.
The time required to actually make a decision on the claims has remained relatively stable at about five months; the challenge is getting them heard in the first place.
The board has tried to deal with the backlog on its own by, among other things, redeploying half its capacity to address backlogged claims. Repeated pleas for more money, however, have only been met by the immigration minister's insistence that the board find ways to be more efficient.
That might not be enough, says the analysis.
"The rate of backlog growth presented in these scenarios could be mitigated in part by these efficiencies, but not avoided altogether," the note said.
Last Friday, Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen announced a wide-ranging review of the IRB, bringing in a former deputy minister in the department to study the system and report back by the summer of 2018.
"Canada's asylum system must strike a balance between providing protection to those fleeing persecution and ensuring that the system is not misused by those who do not need Canada's protection," he said.
A budget for the program has not been established, but a spokesperson for the department said it will be paid for by them and the IRB.
Apple concentrate consists of polyphenols, which helps in protecting the bones during menopause, offers relief from respiratory disorders like asthma and others, helps in preventing Alzheimer's disease, keeps cholesterol levels under control, reduces the risk of various cancers, keep diabetes under control, and helps in weight loss. Apple concentrate can be related to the cognitive decline of normal aging, pulmonary function, bone health, and gastrointestinal protection. Some of the polyphenols available in apples that help in fighting diseases are hydroxycinnamic acids, dihydrochalcones, flavan-3-ols, flavonols, and procyanidin B2.
The apple juice market will continue to witness sales due to the aforementioned health benefits, over the next eight years. However, during 2018-2026, the overall growth of the global apple juice market is estimated to be sluggish at a CAGR of 2%. By 2018 end, the revenue generated from apple juice sales worldwide, will possibly reach around US$ 7,163.8 Mn, which is further expected to cross a value of US$ 8,300 Mn by the end of 2026.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=44435
Consumer Choice Manages to Sustain Market Growth
Apple is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits, and the third-most internationally traded fruit, following banana and grapes. Apples are commonly consumed not only because of their flavor but also because of the important nutrients that they contain, including high levels of antioxidants, vitamins, and dietary fiber. There has been significant growth in the consumption rate of apple flavored juices, sauces, as well as apple juice. The confluence of consumer perception for apple flavored product consumption helps to drive the demand for the product in the global market.
Shelf Life Plays a Decisive Role
The shelf life of apple juice concentrate ranges from 1-3 years, and depends on the type of concentrate. Also, finished products made from concentrates will have their own shelf life – six months to years, and this depends on the conditions in which the finished products are stored. Long shelf life not only helps in storing concentrates for longer periods but also eases transportation and use at a later stage. Apart from regular products made from apple concentrate, specialized products are also made for the military and astronauts. Juices made for the military generally have a shelf life of 4-8 years, which is three times the shelf life of juices available for civilians, which is further driving the market growth during the forecast period.
However, the availability of apple is the biggest challenge these days. Farmers are facing challenges in apple production because of changing climate and natural disasters. The production of apple depends on water availability, climatic conditions, and other factors. Limited availability of apples is creating hurdles in the expansion of business, although the demand for processed apple products is increasing day by day.
Apple is consumed in both, the raw and processed form. Till date, people prefer to consume apples in the raw form, which limits the supply of apples for the processing industries. According to USDA, the production of apples decreased globally by 2.6 million tons over the 2017/2018 season. The global production for the season was around 76 million tons. This loss was attributed to the bad harvest of apples in Europe owing to an early start to blooming in May, frost in April, and heat in July, which put pressure on the volumes and quality.
Market Taxonomy: By Type, By Nature, By End Use
By nature, the apple juice market is segmented into organic and conventional. The organic segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the forecast period owing to the increasing consumer preference towards the consumption of organic products. On the basis of type, the apple juice market can be segmented into filtered and unfiltered. The filtered segment is estimated to account for a significant revenue share of 84.3% in 2018 and is expected to register significant growth rate during the forecast period.
By end-use, the apple juice market is segmented into commercial, household and others. The household segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the forecast period. Furthermore, on the basis of distribution channel, the apple Juice market is segmented into direct and indirect. Indirect segment is further sub-segmented into store-based retailing and e-Retailers. Amongst these sub-segments, the store-based retailing is anticipated to occupy the largest market share of 88.8% in 2018. The e-Retails sub-segment is expected to register high growth rate in terms of value during the forecast period.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/apple-juice-market.htm
Analysis by Region: Europe & North America Remain Top Markets
Some of the major companies operating in the global apple juice market are Del Monte Food, Inc., The Coca- Cola Company, Tree Top Inc., Parle Agro Pvt Ltd, Britvic Plc, PepsiCo. Inc., The Kraft Heinz Company, Manzana Products Co., Solana Gold Organics, Eden Foods Inc., White House Company and others.
On the basis of region, the market in North America and Europe is expected to dominate over the forecast period followed by Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to become a prominent market by the end of the forecast period with a significant CAGR attributed to increase in product penetration and rising awareness through various promotional activities.
Acenes are molecules formed by the linear fusion of special carbon-based hexagons, widely known as 'benzene rings'. In spite of its structural simplicity, these molecules have attracted huge attention due to their unique electronic properties; pentacene, for example, a member of this family with five linear rings, is considered as one of the most relevant organic semiconductor to build photoelectronic devices, while larger acenes present intriguing properties that have fascinated scientists for decades. However, long acenes are unstable molecules, which cannot be found in natural sources. The obvious alternative is to access these molecules by chemical synthesis, but this approach becomes more challenging as the length of the molecule increases. In fact, nonacene (nine rings linearly fused) was the largest acene detected to date in 2010.
In a new paper that has just been published online in the International Edition of Angewandte Chemie, scientists from the Institute for Materials Science and Center for Advancing Electronics at Technische Universität of Dresden - TUD (Chair of Prof. Gianaurelio Cuniberti) and the research center CiQUS (University of Santiago de Compostela) have been able to generate elusive decacene, a molecule formed by the linear fusion of ten benzene rings, the longest acene prepared ever. Throughout this research collaboration, led by professors Francesca Moresco (TUD) and Diego Peña (CiQUS), chemists from CiQUS prepared stable decacene precursors by solution chemistry, while physicists from TUD used these precursors to prepare decacene on a gold surface under ultra-high vacuum, in order to stabilise this extremely reactive compound. As a result, individual decacene molecules were visualised by high-resolution Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM). A feat of collaborative European research
The outcome of this work demonstrates that collaborations between synthetic chemists and surface scientists can lead to the achievement of long-standing chemical challenges, as evidenced by this research. The study has been developed in the framework of the EU Project PAMS, oriented to the fabrication of nanosized electronic devices (Planar Atomic and Molecular Scale devices), and scientists involved have dedicated it to the memory of Prof Erich Clar, who is widely-considered a pioneer in the field of acene chemistry.
###
What can the average person do to try and keep taps flowing?
We have 20 ways that you, your family and friends can save water – if you aren't already.
The Western Cape is experiencing serious water shortages, so any rules applied in those areas would supersede these more general water saving practices.
Click here for a printable version of this infographic:
Make sure you're taking steps to save water wherever you can.
EXTREME DROUGHT SITUATIONS
In severe water shortage cases, there are a number of things you can do to make things more bearable:
Manage your fluid intake. While you need to cut back on water usage, you must never ration your daily drinking water.
Buy electrolyte-enhanced liquids (like Powerade and Energade) if drinking water isn't available.
Use waterless hand sanitiser, dry shampoo and conditioner and have a sponge bath over a bucket or basin.
DID YOU KNOW?
Closing taps properly saves up to 900 litres per month.
per month. Turning the tap off when washing hands, face, brushing teeth and shaving saves up to 20 litres per month.
per month. Fixing leaking toilets saves up to 22,000 litres per month.
per month. Using a bucket, not a hose, to wash your car saves up to 300 litres per wash.
REPORT WATER LOSS
Report significant water loss: burst pipes, faulty meters, overflowing sewers, open hydrants and other leaks.
Cape Town
Website: www.capetown.gov.za
Tel: 0860 103 089 (choose option 2: water-related faults)
SMS: 31373 (max of 160 characters)
Email: waterTOC@capetown.gov.za
Johannesburg:
Website: www.johannesburgwater.co.za
Telephone | +2711 688 1400
SMS Line | +2782 653 2143
Tip-offs Anonymous | +2780 000 2587
Email | customer@jwater.co.za
Durban
Website: www1.durban.gov.za
Tel: 080 13 13 013
Be sure to provide your water provider with the following information:
The area and street.
House number nearest the reported leak.
Leak description.
Your contact numbers.
For more ways to report water leaks, click here.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks.
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media "working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea.
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition.
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children.
House prices shot up by more than 8 percent in Los Angeles County and the Inland Empire in the 12 months ending in May, while Orange County prices rose by more than 6 percent, according to the CoreLogic Home Price Index released Tuesday, July 3.
Los Angeles County house prices increased 8.3 percent year over year, the index showed, while prices rose 8.2 percent in Riverside and San Bernardino counties. It's the third straight month that price appreciation topped 8 percent in Los Angeles and inland counties.
Orange County prices rose 6.2 percent, the third month in a row that price gains were at 6 percent or more, CoreLogic figures show.
All three areas have seen price gains at or near two- and three-year highs since last fall, even as home sales have lagged last year's levels.
House prices increased nationally by 7.1 percent from May 2017 to this past May, while California prices were up 8.9 percent.
“The lean supply of homes for sale is leading to higher sales prices and fewer days on market,” said Frank Nothaft, chief economist for CoreLogic. “The supply shortage is more acute for entry-level homes.”
One reason fewer homeowners are putting their houses on the market: About half of all homes have a mortgage rate of 3.75 percent or less – almost a full percentage point below current levels, Nothaft said.
As a result, an increasing number of homeowners are keeping their low-rate loans rather than sell and buy another home with a higher interest rate and heftier payments, he said.
A recent housing sentiment study by CoreLogic and Norwalk-based RTi Research found that 15 percent of homeowners hope to buy a home in the next year while only 11 percent want to sell. In addition, 28 percent of renters are hoping to buy a home. The survey showed some markets have four times as many renters looking to buy than homeowners planning to sell.
“Until more supply becomes available, we will continue to see soaring prices,” CoreLogic CEO Frank Martell said.
CoreLogic data are based on comparisons between each home's sales price and it's previous sale price. Earlier reports using median price comparisons showed Southern California house prices up by 7.4 percent to 7.7 percent in May.
The man suspected of killing at least 10 people on Monday by plowing a rented white van down crowded Toronto sidewalks appeared in court this morning, where he was charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
And the Toronto police officer who arrested Alek Minassian — who during a tense standoff repeatedly yelled that he wanted the officer to shoot him — is receiving wide praise for his restraint. The CBC says the officer has been identified as Constable Ken Lam.
In video shot by bystanders, the suspect stands next to the battered white van and draws what looks to be a weapon (although police later said he had no weapon on him, according to the Toronto Star).
The officer is pointing a gun at him. "Get down!" Lam is heard saying. "Kill me!" says the suspect, claiming that he has a gun in his pocket. "I don't care, get down!" the officer replies. "Get down or you'll be shot."
"Shoot me in the head," the suspect says. The officer continues to urge him to get down. Seconds later, the video shows the suspect on the ground as the officer puts him in handcuffs. Lam did not fire any shots.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, said he believes the officer with "prevented further carnage," the Star reports.
"He's shaken up by the whole thing, and shaken up by the magnitude. He said, 'You know, I was just doing my job,' " McCormack said. "He's been confronted by someone who is making like he has a weapon, threatening the officer's life, trying to get the officer to shoot him, and he arrests that guy."
Ralph Goodale, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said on Twitter that he was "grateful for the brave and professional response of @TorontoPolice and other first responders to the horrific attack at Yonge and Finch," the streets where the attack took place.
Star columnist Rosie DiManno describes the officer as "remarkably composed."
"All the fingerprints of suicide by cop," she writes. "But the officer didn't shoot and the suspect dropped to his knees, flinging his arms in the air."
DiManno adds: "On a day of many heroes, that brave cop is at the top of the list, along with the many first responders, paramedics and hospital resources stretched to the limits."
The CBC reports that this incident "stands in contrast to footage of other police takedowns in Toronto that haven't ended peacefully." Here's more:
"The Toronto Police Service was widely criticized for its handling of the Sammy Yatim case in 2013 that led to Const. James Forcillo's conviction for attempted murder in the shooting death of the 18-year-old. Forcillo is appealing his sentence of six years in prison. ... "Members of the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion in February to issue hundreds of more conducted energy weapons (CEWs), or Tasers, to certain on-duty constables. The move is billed as a way to help the police force achieve a goal of zero deaths when it comes to interactions between the public and police. "Part of the approved motion also requires the TPS to conduct a review of other use-of-force options and gather input from the public and affected groups."
The suspect's motive is unclear, although police told reporters yesterday that they believe the rampage was deliberate. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that there is no evidence the incident "has a national security element," according to the CBC.
The Miami Dolphins hosted the New England Patriots in a Week 14 Monday Night Football game on Dec. 11, 2017, at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Jarvis Landry (14) celebrates his touchdown during the second half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. Behind Landry is Miami Dolphins tight end Julius Thomas (89).
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Kenny Stills (10) congratulates wide receiver Jarvis Landry (14) after Landry scored a touchdown, during the first half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Jakeem Grant (19) catches a touchdown pass over New England Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler (21), during the second half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Jarvis Landry (14) grabs the mask of New England Patriots cornerback Jonathan Jones (31), during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler (6) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh (93) and defensive end Cameron Wake (91) tackle New England Patriots running back Rex Burkhead (34), during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) congratulates running back Rex Burkhead (34) after Bulkhead scored a touchdown, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Kenny Stills (10), tight end Julius Thomas (89) and strong safety Michael Thomas (31), kneel during the National Anthem, before the first half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Jarvis Landry (14) runs for a touchdown as New England Patriots cornerback Jonathan Jones (31) attempts to tackle, during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
Miami Dolphins tight end Julius Thomas (89) drops a pass but recovers it as New England Patriots strong safety Patrick Chung (23) defends, during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
New England Patriots cornerback Stephon Gilmore (24) attempts to tackle Miami Dolphins wide receiver DeVante Parker (11), during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
It was an inauspicious start Thursday night against the Avalanche for an understandably nervous 18-year-old Filip Chytil — the youngest Rangers forward or defenseman to play in a game since 1999.
The teenaged Czech center, who was selected 21st overall in the draft and made the cut after an impressive camp, was unselfish on one rush early — trying to force a pass through the middle that was knocked away instead of shooting.
Chytil was on the ice for Matt Duchene's opening goal. He then was whistled for a questionable tripping penalty that led to Mikka Rantanen's power-play goal that made it 2-0 Colorado midway through the first period.
With his ice-time reduced by a lot of special teams play and then by the need to score the tying goal in the third period, Chytil was limited to 7:40, 11 shifts and was 1 for 5 on faceoffs. He was a minus 1 for the night.
Blueshirts on hit parade
Without Tanner Glass, who signed as a free agent with Calgary, one pre-season question was who would bring the lumber on a team steeped in finesse and speed.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In the first period, the answer was a collective effort, as the Blueshirts were credited with 15 hits, including an early open-ice flattening of Gabriel Landeskog that brought a cheer from the crowd, and four hits by Marc Staal. Rick Nash also got into with Landeskog twice in the second, and at 7:58 the Rangers got a power play out of their scrapping after J.T. Compher's slash. The Rangers finished with 23 hits.
The scratches
The Rangers' healthy scratches were defensemen Nick Holden and Steve Kampfer. Jesper Fast remains out, but might make the trip to Toronto for Saturday's game.
Broadcasting from Lagasse's Stadium inside the Palazzo, Dave Mahoney and Sylvia discussed the upcoming fights for Dave and Mahoney 2: The Downtown Boogaloo. We saw how talented we all are in the all new blooper reel and we went through our top 5 audio clips of the week in our Friday Five.
Full Show Here:
By The Associated Press
All Times EST First Round Saturday, Nov. 25
Furman 28, Elon 27
Stony Brook 59, Lehigh 29
New Hampshire 14, CCSU 0
Kennesaw St. 28, Samford 17
South Dakota 38, Nicholls 31
Weber State 21, Western Illinois 19
Northern Iowa 46, Monmouth (NJ) 7
San Diego 41, Northern Arizona 10
Second Round Saturday, Dec. 2
James Madison 26, Stony Brook 7
Kennesaw State 17, Jacksonville State 7
Wofford 28, Furman 10
South Dakota State 37, Northern Iowa 22
New Hampshire 21, Central Arkansas 15
Sam Houston St. 54, South Dakota 42
North Dakota State 38, San Diego 3
Weber State 30, Southern Utah 13
Quarterfinals Friday, Dec. 8
James Madison 31, Weber State 28
Saturday, Dec. 9
North Dakota State 42, Wofford 10
South Dakota State 56, New Hampshire 14
Sam Houston State 34, Kennesaw State 27
Semifinals Friday, Dec. 15
Sam Houston State (12-1) at North Dakota State (12-1), 8 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
South Dakota State (11-2) at James Madison (13-0), 4:30 p.m.
Championship Saturday, Jan. 6 At Toyota Stadium Frisco, Texas
Semifinal winners, Noon
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
St. Louis Cardinals starter Alex Reyes throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
St. Louis Cardinals starter Alex Reyes throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Conventional pro football wisdom suggests that pass catchers begin to hit stride in their third year. That's when some greats like Jerry Rice and Lance Allworth had their first chart-topping seasons toward Hall of Fame careers.
While it's far too early to suggest anyone from the rookie class of 2016 are locks to reach Canton, fantasy football players should take a closer look at several third-year receivers who have a chance to be highly productive this season.
Michael Thomas (Saints) and Tyreek Hill (Chiefs) have already established their fantasy credentials and will be gone early in fantasy drafts. Hunter Henry (Chargers) would have been a lock to be off most boards by the seventh round but a torn ACL sustained in practice last week ended his 2018 campaign.
One third-year receiver to watch is Houston's Will Fuller, whose draft value could have been several rounds higher had quarterback Deshaun Watson not suffered a season-ending knee injury. With Watson throwing, Fuller had a four-game stretch where he caught seven touchdowns on just 22 targets. If both he and Watson are healthy, the duo could be good for 8-10 scoring strikes, especially if Fuller's average targets per game increases. Fuller will be a great back-end draft selection.
Sterling Shepard of the Giants will benefit from the arrival of running back Saquon Barkley and the return of Odell Beckham, Jr. Even with Eli Manning's struggles in 2017, Shepard would have eclipsed 1,000 receiving yards had he not missed five games. Shepard improved his catch percentage to 70.2 percent and his yards per game to 66.5, potential signs of a breakout in 2018. He would make a sneaky good flex option in point-per-reception formats and could equal the eight touchdowns he scored as a rookie.
Cleveland's Corey Coleman, Josh Doctson of Washington and Malcolm Mitchell of the Patriots are each later stage targets who have both the upside and opportunity to take bigger steps forward. In the case of Mitchell, his recovery from knee surgery makes him a deep sleeper worth an endgame play.
RETURN OF THE PRODIGAL REDBIRD
Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes made his return to the mound on Wednesday, his first appearance since having Tommy John surgery in 2016. One of the game's elite prospects, Reyes will cause a frenzy in leagues where he is eligible to picked up in free agency. Those looking to pursue the hard-throwing Reyes should proceed with caution as the Cards will treat him with kid gloves. There is strikeout potential there, but expectations need to be tempered.
Reyes' return will also spark a run on trade proposals for those who own him in keeper/dynasty leagues. Reyes owners could sell high, especially if winning immediately is a priority.
SAY "YES" TO BOWYER AT POCONO
Clint Bowyer has yet to win at Pocono Raceway, site of Sunday's NASCAR Monster Energy Pocono 400. Bowyer ($9,400 at DraftKings, $10,600 at FanDuel) has 10 top 10 finishes in 24 career visits to the track, including a sixth-place finish last year.
Since a second-place finish at Dover, Bowyer has finished 15th at Kansas and 12th at Charlotte, breaking what had been a streak of four straight top 10 finishes. Look for him to have a solid outing as he stands a good chance to earn his first checkered flag at Pocono.
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
SYDNEY (AP) — Australia's most powerful investigative authority has recommended that priests who fail to tell police about suspected child sexual abuse should face criminal charges, even when they learn of abuse through confession.
Australia's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse recommended in a report on Monday that all states and territories in Australia introduce legislation that would make it a criminal offense for people to fail to report child sexual abuse in an institutional setting. Clergy who find out about sexual abuse during a confidential religious confession would not be exempt from the law.
The royal commission is the nation's highest form of inquiry. It has been investigating since 2013 how churches and other institutions responded to the sexual abuse of children in Australia over the last several decades.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
0:56
Jacquez Terrell after rushing for 112 yards and two touchdowns in Spring Valley's 42-21 win over Irmo
Related Coverage Woman saved by carbon monoxide detector
(WTNH) — The National Fire Protection Association has released some good news in the latest edition of its “U.S. Firefighter Injuries” report.
There were 62,085 U.S. firefighter injuries in 2016. This marks the lowest rate since NFPA began analyzing this data in 1981.
The 2016 number reflects a 8.8% decrease from the previous year.
Related Content: Woman saved by carbon monoxide detector
The report states the most common types of injuries included “strains, sprains and/or muscular pains,” and “wounds, cuts, bleeding and bruising.”
The NFPA was founded in 1896 as a “global, nonprofit organization devoted to eliminating death, injury, property and economic loss due to fire, electrical and related hazards.”
SOUTHINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — The town of Southington is putting its students on the right path at a very young age.
News 8 visited Strong Elementary School to learn more about the “Steps Asset Building Program.”
It's all part of the community's substance abuse prevention coalition.
WRWS: Students use leadership skills at Sage Park Middle School
Every year, a group of 4th graders get trained to become ambassadors for the program once they get into 5th grade.
“And so, our 5th grade ambassadors, our steps ambassadors, become the leaders from this program under the guidance of two staff members,” explained 5th grader Melissa Barbuto.
Those ambassadors help spearhead the program for students in the lower grades.
WRWS: Ellington H.S U-Knighted Week
“Every school is a little different but we've always asked the teachers to choose students who show leadership skills and sometimes they may not and putting them in the steps program would be a good skill for them to develop,” stated teacher Lenore Butler.
The steps program is centered around a series of assets. There's a new one every month and they are designed by the Search Institute.
Watch the video above to learn more.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Kansas City area restaurants are raising money for Coach's employees that were displaced after the restaurant flooded in July.
Kansas City Originals, a nonprofit independent restaurant association, is organizing the “Come To The Table For Coach's” dining benefit for Thursday, August 17. Participating restaurants will donate 10 percent of their sales from that day to the fundraiser.
According to the nonprofit, a special fund has been set up for the donations that will be allocated to the Coach's employees.
More than 65 metro restaurants are participating in the fundraiser. For a full list, click here. To see which participating restaurant is closest to you, check the map below.
Map of participating locations courtesy Kansas City Originals
Kansas City Originals said the list and map will be updated as new restaurants join.
If you can't make it to one of the restaurants, you can make donations directly to the fund by mailing a check or money order to Kansas City Originals with a memo or notation of “Coach's Fundraiser” by no later than Friday, August 18, mailed to:
Spilker McKeone & Nelson
C/O Kansas City Originals
408 SE 3rd Street
Lee's Summit, MO 64063
If you are a restaurant, bakery, or any other eatery and are interested in participating, click here to register.
Extended coverage:
"It happened so quickly:" Coach's co-owners rescued from flooding
Coach's won't reopen location after flash flooding damages restaurant
Ode to Bacon
How you lend
yourself
to others,
enhancing even
the sweetest fig
in your embrace
over coals,
or consider
your rendered
self, how it
deepens flavor
with piggish
essence, coating
or absorbed,
blended or
sopped. O belly
of delight, o wonder
of tongues,
how could I not
love you
and your infinite
charms, even
when you resist
my efforts and
shoot sizzling bits
of yourself
onto my naked
hands? I pay
this toll
gladly,
today and
next year
and all those
days to follow,
till the last piece
is swallowed
and our sun
goes dark.
Hyperbole
becomes you,
smoked beauty,
salted love,
and I shall never
put you down
or leave you
behind
on a plate
to be discarded
or forgotten,
unloved.
“Ode to Bacon” first appeared here in July 2017, thanks to T.S. Wright's challenge.
Relatives mourning the death of the miner who died while working in a clandestine coal mine are photographed at home in Jerada, Morocco, on Saturday (Reuters photo)
RABAT/MARRAKECH, Morocco — Moroccans risking their lives scraping coal from abandoned mines have listened to local officials, the mining ministry and a close royal ally since they began protesting five weeks ago. Now some of them want the king himself to intervene.
"When they closed the mines they offered us new jobs and compensation but nothing has happened," said one former miner in the northern town of Jerada who declined to be named, fearing reprisal.
"We will keep protesting until our lives improve."
The miners have been left behind by the economic liberalisation that won plaudits from the International Monetary Fund at a regional conference in Marrakech this week headlined "Opportunity for all".
King Mohammed VI, the ultimate power in Morocco, has lifted living standards in urban and coastal areas and raised the country's profile abroad, rolling out investment in the Ivory Coast and other sub-Saharan countries.
But public dissatisfaction is growing in some poor areas at a time when the government is implementing currency reforms and cutting subsidies to drive economic growth.
The Jerada protests have found common cause with dissent that has rumbled since 2016 in the Rif, also in the north, both groups spurred by the deaths of men desperate trying to make ends meet.
They are a far cry from the mass protests which rocked the North African country in 2011 when uprisings ousted rulers in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya, but pose a challenge to a constitutional monarchy in which the king has far-reaching powers.
Stability in Morocco is important for Western governments as it is the only country in North Africa where jihadist groups have failed to gain a foothold. Rabat is also a key intelligence-sharing partner on Islamist militancy.
At least 10 million people visit its beaches and cities each year, some of them switching from Egypt and Tunisia after those countries suffered political turmoil and militant attacks.
Contrast
While Marrakech, an ancient city, is bustling with tourists and new buildings have gone up in the commercial centre Casablanca and capital Rabat, the changes have bypassed rural areas like Jerada in the remote northeast.
Protests there swelled in late December after two brothers drowned scavenging coal deep underground: one of them hacked through into an adjoining water well, flooding the shaft.
On Thursday, another miner, in his early 30s, was killed when a shaft collapsed, the interior ministry said. Activists issued a renewed call for protests.
Residents say the town has been neglected since the mines closed some 20 years ago and tensions with Algeria shut the nearby border at around the same time.
The miners say they sell a bag of coal for between 60 and 80 dirham ($6.5-$8.7) to traders who pass it on for 600 dirhams to restaurants, hotels and public baths.
"Influential people exploit the miners, who have no other jobs, and officials know about this," said Abdelwahab Hoummani, an activist in Jerada. "We demand jobs, development and the prosecution of corrupt people."
The mining ministry was not immediately available to comment, but Mining Minister Aziz Rabbah said in January the state had "reacted positively" to the town's demands and a commission had been paying out compensation for closed mines.
Protests had rumbled against high electricity bills before the miners' deaths, and Jerada residents say they will continue, even though dozens of leaders and members of the protest movement in Rif, Hirak al Chaabi, are now on trial.
King
Police have set up checkpoints to monitor people's movements to and from Jerada, where residents say miners gather every week in the main square to demand state aid and alternative jobs.
Some shout "Hirak, Hirak", social media posts show, in solidarity with Rif, where protests began after a man was crushed to death in a rubbish truck trying to retrieve fish that had been caught illegally and thrown away by police.
No-one at the demonstrations calls for overthrowing the king, who heads the Muslim world's longest continuing dynasty.
Many Moroccans are wary of the kind of instability rocking Libya and other parts of the region and criticise the government and king's entourage rather than the monarch himself.
The government is investing in tourism, with a new airport for the main northeastern city of Oujda, 60km from Jerada, to bring tourists to equally new nearby coastal resorts.
It announced auto industry projects worth 1.23 billion euros($1.54 billion) in December and hopes the currency reform will boost investment and help growth reach 3.4 per cent this year, after 4 per cent last year, when agricultural output was better.
Manufacturing jobs have been created, but not enough for a growing population and many young Moroccans have sought work abroad.
The king has called for more development, fired top officials in October after a state agency found inequality, and sent a close ally, Agricultural Minister Aziz Akhenouch, to Jerada late in January to talk to angry residents.
Akhenouch, one of Morocco's richest men, announced agricultural investments worth around 28 million dirhams ($8 million), local media said, but protests resumed the next day.
"The king is probably the only one who can solve this," said Hoummani, the activist.
Geoff Porter from North Africa risk consulting said the government would find it hard to stick to its market liberalisation without alienating the rural poor.
At the Marrakech conference, Prime Minster Saad Eddine El Othman said the government was rolling out programmes to remove inequalities.
Abdelghani Ajjani, from a Jerada commission negotiating with authorities, had yet to be convinced. "The government has made the same promises they made when closing the mines," he said. "There are people here who think the king should visit Jerada."
John Oliver of HBO's Last Night Tonight has brought the bunny to life in Oliver's new children's book - "A day in the life of Marlon Bundo,' a character who's life decisions VP Pence may not agree with.
Two North Hempstead villages are studying installing security cameras with license plate-reading technology as an additional deterrent to crime in the area.
East Hills and Munsey Park, located in the middle of North Hempstead Town, would join a handful of other Nassau villages using the technology to monitor vehicles moving in and out of their jurisdictions.
The two villages have experienced scant holiday crime this season, and village officials said that cameras could be a measure to keep it this way.
“We're currently a very safe village, if not the safest in Nassau,” said East Hills trustee Manny Zuckerman. “We're trying to stay ahead of the curve.”
During the 2015 holiday season, two holiday robberies shocked residents of East Hills, leading the village to reconvene a dormant security commission to research additional ways to protect residents. The village is now seeking grants for a $400,000 plan to install about 99 cameras at the village's 33 intersections. If successful, the village will move forward with the project within the next few months, Zuckerman said.
Village officials are committed to keeping costs flat for taxpayers and will grants to pay for the program. The community response to the proposal has “generally been positive,” Zuckerman said, with some inquiries about privacy concerns and how the data would be used. Camera footage is only to be reviewed if a crime is being investigated, officials have said.
In Munsey Park, preliminary discussions about the effectiveness of license-plate-reading cameras have begun, Mayor Sean Haggerty said.
Both villages are under the jurisdiction of Nassau County Police Department's Third Precinct. Haggerty said Munsey Park wanted to give Nassau police tools to help solve crimes.
Zuckerman also said East Hills intends to work “hand in hand” with the police.
The Nassau villages of Freeport, Kings Point, and Woodsburgh have installed license-plate-reading cameras.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Cameras with license-plate-reading capabilities are a “phenomenal tool” that enables the department to better analyze crimes, Nassau Det. Sgt. Pat Ryder said.
“We'd love to have a cop on every corner, but we can't,” Ryder said. “But it is feasible to put license plate readers on every other corner and get it pretty close.”
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - JUNE 14: Manager Bruce Bochy #15 of the San Francisco Giants comes out to take the ball from starting pitcher Johnny Cueto #47 taking Cueto out of the game against the Kansas City Royals in ... more
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - JUNE 14: Manager Bruce Bochy #15 of the San Francisco Giants comes out to take the ball from starting pitcher Johnny Cueto #47 taking Cueto out of the game against the Kansas City Royals in the top of the six inning at AT&T Park on June 14, 2017 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images) less
The Royals' Whit Merrifield, left, beats a tag by Buster Posey during the sixth inning of the Giants' 7-2 loss that closed out a disappointing homestand.
The Royals' Whit Merrifield, left, beats a tag by Buster Posey during the sixth inning of the Giants' 7-2 loss that closed out a disappointing homestand.
Johnny Cueto gave up three home runs within the first 12 Royals batters he faced Wednesday.
Johnny Cueto gave up three home runs within the first 12 Royals batters he faced Wednesday.
So, where does a train go when it's already off the rails? Careening down an embankment until it settles into the bank below, wheels up?
What then happens to the carcass of the once-powerful locomotive? Can it get buried in the silt deep enough that nobody can see it anymore, or care to salvage it?
The Giants soon could learn the answers to these metaphorical questions because they play their next four games in Denver against a team light-year ahead of them.
They will arrive after a pitiful five-game homestand that ended Wednesday with their fourth loss, 7-2 to the Royals, who hit three homers against former teammate Johnny Cueto just 12 batters into the game.
The Giants could approach a 20-game deficit in the National League West with a bad trip to Coors Field, where in April they were outscored 26-8 in a three-game Colorado sweep.
With the draft over, teams typically turn toward the July 31 trade deadline, but no deals are in the offing. The Giants have scouts fanning the minors looking for potential prospects to acquire, but the front office does not expect the market to develop for another month.
Meanwhile, fans keep streaming into AT&T Park, for now, ever hopeful they will see the Giants win — or score.
“It really surprises me,” said Cueto, who did not see crowds like this during the lean years in Cincinnati. “It shows how good the fans are in San Francisco. We'll keep playing. We haven't played good baseball, but eventually we're going to come out of it. I still say we have a winning streak in us.”
It better start with a surprise showing in Colorado, where the lowest-scoring team in the majors might get a little help from the altitude.
It would be easy to say the Rockies series could mark the be-all and end-all for the 2017 Giants and spur the front office to start tearing apart the team. But the market develops on its own timetable.
“We're not looking at these as all-important games,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “It's not something we're talking about, these next four games and what we're going to do. Obviously, we've got to get on track and get this offense to be more consistent.”
Actually, the Giants' offense has been very consistent.
In a 1-4 homestand against the Twins and Royals, the Giants totaled five runs in the four losses. They scored 13 runs in the win, in which they faced a 10-year minor-leaguer on the mound.
The Giants get runners on, but their ability to force pitchers into the stretch has been matched only by their inability to get run-producing hits. On Wednesday, they were 2-for-10 with runners in scoring position. A team can overcome bad clutch hitting with home runs, but the Giants do not hit those.
Rookie left fielder Austin Slater, the only bright light on the horizon, singled home one run against Jason Hammel. Eduardo Nuñez singled home the other against Kelvin Herrera.
Meanwhile, Cueto surpassed his 2016 total in home runs allowed, 16 to 15, when Mike Moustakas, Jorge Bonifacio (with a man aboard) and Lorenzo Cain took him deep, all by the third inning. Bonifacio and Cain went back to back. Blisters were not an issue. Location on the two changeups and fastball was.
“I left those pitches up and they beat me,” Cueto said. “My hand is fine. I had a bad day.”
Cueto's ERA rose to 4.57, which does not help the Giants' cause if they choose to trade him. But Cueto showed the scouts, fans and his teammates some fight in the fifth inning. With the Giants down 4-1, Cueto struck out Moustakas, Alcides Escobar and Drew Butera to strand the two Royals who reached scoring position with nobody out.
Pitchers need to get rewarded for that. Giants hitters have been incapable of doing that.
Henry Schulman is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: hschulman@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @hankschulman
Linda Winer Winer is chief theater critic and arts columnist for Newsday, which she joined in 1987.
HIGHLIGHTS Peter Gregus has been in show's cast since its California start
Tony-winning musical, closing Jan. 15, had Broadway's 12th longest run
It is a time for farewells on Broadway — big time. From New Year's Eve until the end of January, the casts and crews of 13 productions have been packing up the greasepaint and wondering what stories — that is, what jobs — will be the next obsessions in whose lucky lives.
Some shows, including “Falsettos” and “The Front Page,” were intended as limited runs. Others — “Fiddler on the Roof,” “Matilda, the Musical,” “Something Rotten,” “The Color Purple” — have had their hours, or years, upon the stage and must make room for the next crop of hopefuls.
For the longest goodbye, look to “Jersey Boys.” The company was told in September that the closing date would be Jan. 15, though advance warning probably won't make that final curtain call any less emotional.
The show about Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, which opened Nov. 6, 2005, is the gold standard of jukebox musicals. It won four Tonys, including the big one for best musical, and leaves an impressive list of fun facts and stats. It is Broadway's 12th longest-running show, a record breaker for the August Wilson Theatre. By the most recent available accounts, the total gross, so far, is more than $550 million.
Productions have been seen in 162 cities and 11 countries. “Oh What a Night” is said or sung 26 times per performance. You do the math, because I certainly will not.
Then there is Peter Gregus, an impressive statistic all his own. Gregus is the only cast member who has been with the show since its start in the fall of 2004 at the La Jolla Playhouse in California. All these years, except for occasional breaks, he has portrayed Bob Crewe, the band's producer and frequent lyricist, along with several other characters.
“I remember the first table reading,” he muses about that theatrical ritual, the first read-through with the cast and creative team around a table, Gregus says. “The original script was as big and sprawling as an encyclopedia.” He says he watched director Des McAnuff and co-creators Rick Elice and Marshall Brickman working on the script with such focus, recalling how “they were concerned about every word on that page.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Everyone had hopes, of course. “No matter what, you always believe this is going to be the next best thing,” says Gregus, who has been in the original casts of other shows that didn't make it. But it wasn't until the first preview, the first time before an audience, that “we knew something magic was happening. Even the local crew knew it.”
And still there was no guarantee that the show would even get to Broadway. So many jukebox shows had flopped — including ones that used songs by John Lennon, Johnny Cash, The Beach Boys and Elvis Presley) — that Elice and Brickman had trouble getting investors and theater owners interested.
“The jukebox had become hated,” Elice told me in an interview several years ago for a column on jukebox musicals, a label he dislikes for its lack of specificity. “Here we were a different animal — a play about the guys who made something that happened to be these songs that people knew. Until the very last minute, it looked like ‘Jersey Boys' was going to just end at the La Jolla Playhouse . . . and no one would ever see it again.”
That, of course, did not happen. “Jersey Boys” turned out to be far from the usual dim-bulb show that used sanitized made-up stories as excuses to plug in familiar hits. This one was a gritty, straightforward biography of the group that struggled with mob ties while defining a street sound with lovely, dopey romantic lyrics, gorgeous harmonic blends and an immaculate yet easygoing doo-wop beat. Each of the four guys got a chance to narrate his own idea of the glory days of falsetto highs with “Sherry,” “Big Girls Don't Cry,” “Walk Like a Man” and “Rag Doll.” All without a wink of parody.
What the show has in common with those other shows is that all of them “repurpose,” said Elice. “I guess that's the verb du jour, popular songs known in one context by serving them up in another context.”
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more.
For Gregus, the “Jersey Boy” success naturally involves the nostalgic appeal of the music. “Instead of creating a story around the music, it tells the story of the music,” he says thoughtfully, adding “one of the things it has going for it is that it's a guys story — a blue-collar show with a sophisticated story. So many of the Broadway musicals are about females,” he says, citing “Wicked” and “Mamma Mia.” “I can see men of a certain age crying in the audience.”
He has had years to think about the show, of course, which has offered him the rare opportunity to have steady work on Broadway. He and his husband have been able to buy an apartment in Brooklyn. He has watched the cast have babies — more than 30 so far. “Oh, my God, the babies! It's a very fertile show,” he jokes. “We tell people not to drink the water if they don't want to get pregnant.”
There have been especially happy moments; for example, watching James Gandolfini bring veterans to see the show. “He was such a bear of a man and he'd come backstage with four or five guys just back from the war.”
But both of Gregus' parents have died during the long run. “The hardest moment was getting the phone call that my father had passed,” Crew says. It happened five minutes before he was supposed to take his place onstage. He had to do the first act before his understudy could get there. “There's nothing better to help you grieve than the cast rallying around,” he says softly. “These people are your family.”
Long runs are hard on relationships, hard on friendships with people who work 9 to 5. “Friends not in the business forget about you,” he says, “They always assume you're working. And they're right, I am working.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
He isn't planning his next theater step. “I am putting it on the back burner,” going scuba diving with his husband, a freelance creative director for films and television. Then he wants to do regional theater and maybe summer stock, “play great roles and have fun every two or three months.”
He appreciates everything “Jersey Boys” has given him, but “I'm not anxious to do another long run.” As producers continue raiding baby-boom songbooks for a show that, just maybe, could be another “Jersey Boys,” Gregus wants to check out the feel of happy hour at 5.
Buyouts coming to your agency? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rail fares have increased at twice the speed of wages since 2010, according to new analysis released today by the RMT union.
The analysis, unveiled on the eve of the Government announcement on the latest fare hike, shows that rail fares have risen by around 32 per cent in eight years, while average weekly earnings have only grown by 16 per cent.
The union's findings come as the Government is set to announce another round of regulated rail fare hikes for the coming year tomorrow (August 15).
Rail workers will be protesting at stations around the country tomorrow, including at Ely.
An RMT spokesman said: "They will be warning that passengers are paying 'more for less' because even as fares rise, rail engineering work is being delayed or cancelled, skilled railway jobs are being lost and staff are being cut on trains, stations and ticket offices.
"The rises mean for example that a new nurse or police officer commuting from Chelmsford to London, where annual season ticket would cost £4,000 after the latest rise, would pay a fifth of their salary on an annual season ticket."
Then union's general secretary Mick Cash said: “Government policy of suppressing workers' wages while at the same time presiding over corporate welfare on our privatized railway has resulted in a toxic combination of fare rises easily outstripping wages.
“The private operators and Government say the rises are necessary to fund investment but the reality is that they are pocketing the profits while passengers are paying more for less, with rail engineering work being delayed or cancelled, skilled railway jobs being lost and staff cut on trains, stations and at ticket offices.”
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
One of China`s largest state-owned automakers has said it will phase out sales of all petrol vehicles by 2025, as Beijing considers taking all fuel-burning cars off the country`s roads.
Beijing Automotive Group Co (BAIC) chairman Xu Heyi said over the weekend the company will phase out sales of conventional cars in Beijing by 2020 and nationwide by 2025, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
The decision only applies to cars the company makes itself and will not affect vehicles it makes in partnership with South Korea`s Hyundai and Germany`s Daimler.
The news comes as Beijing debates a nationwide ban, though a date for entirely eliminating petrol vehicles has yet to be announced.
For now China has put in place a series of carrots and sticks to compel carmakers to produce more fuel-efficient and eventually petrol-free cars as it looks to clean up its smog-choked cities.
Authorities will implement a complex quota system in 2019 requiring makers to produce a minimum number of electric cars.
Beijing originally wanted to start enforcing the rule in 2018, but delayed its implementation by a year after Germany and some foreign firms raised concerns.
But as the new direction has been made clear, foreign automakers have ramped up plans to make electric vehicles in China.
Volkswagen is establishing a joint venture with state-owned JAC Motors to make electric vehicles, aiming to get the first electric car to market by next year.
US car giant Ford envisages that 70 percent of all its cars available in China will have electric options by 2025. Last week it announced a $756 million investment with its Chinese joint venture to produce electric cars.
Volvo plans to introduce its first 100 percent electric car in China in 2019.
You turn on your smartphone and pull up your music, selecting your pre-saved playlist of classical theater numbers from your favorite playwright. Slipping the headphones in your ears, you tap your foot to the rhythm of the song, maybe even start humming in tune. Take that sensation, and inflate it, with a full cast reenacting every piece in your playlist on the big stage.
I recently had the honor of attending the Theater department's Saturday, April 8 performance of “The World Goes Round.” I was pleasantly curious upon looking through the list of pieces to be performed in my brochure. The pieces were taken from award-winning producers John Kander and Fred Ebb, and included such songs as “Money, Money” and “Mr. Cellophane.”
While I was not as familiar with their work as I would have liked for this kind of performance, the cast spared no expense in making sure these pieces came to life at every opportunity. In “Coffee in a Cardboard Cup,” each cast member was off doing different things during the piece: one performer ran around the stage trying to give the customers their orders, others were hanging out with their friends, and one woman even exclaimed she had to pee and looked genuinely distraught for the rest of the performance. Emily Seifert's take on “Colored Lights” was wistful yet powerful, and “Me and My Baby” was filled with general absurdity and laughter.
This leads to one of the main selling points for me: the cast themselves. Though each piece was performed out of context from its original source, each cast member was phenomenal in the range of emotions they were able to express, drawing the audience into their current interpretation of the scene.
In this regard, “My Coloring Book” stood out to me the most. Jamila Hunter, despite barely moving from her original position at the far left of the stage, engaged the audience with the lyrics, every ounce of grief, loss and anguish felt in every word she sang. Shane Kopischke started quirky and amusing as he took the stage with “Mr. Cellophane,” but was quick in shifting the tone drastically, leaving me with a genuine sadness and compassion for him as even the spotlight forgot he existed. Lauren Proctor's performance of “Ring Them Bells” roped me into her story from start to finish, and I genuinely wanted her to find what she was looking for.
The collection of performances placed the next piece immediately after the previous one, and, barring an intermission halfway through, there was hardly any transition time between them. Often, the music would immediately switch to the next one before the previous music had even ended.
While this setup worked with the pieces assigned to each performer, to someone who had not heard of every single one of the selected songs, it sometimes became difficult for me to figure out where one piece ended and another began, especially when the two pieces shared similar themes, such as “My Coloring Book” leading directly into “I Don't Remember You.” The worst instance of this was in the middle of the second act, when “We Can Make It,” “Maybe This Time” and “Isn't It Better?” combined into a single performance, with each song hailing from a different play. While the creative liberty the cast took was powerful and engaging, if I had not been constantly checking my brochure to understand which piece was which, I would have assumed it was one large piece from a single play. While I am sure fans of Kander and Ebb's work had no trouble enjoying the pieces as they appeared, I found myself getting lost occasionally in the transition.
Despite this setback, I thoroughly enjoyed the Theater department's rendition of this compilation. The general energy from the entire cast kept me engaged in what was going on throughout the night, the colorful range of expressions from each performer allowed me to understand what was going on in each piece and each song brought the characters to life in ways I always hoped for. While the technical structure of the compilation occasionally left something to be desired, I left the Trahern Theater smiling and curious to see performances of the original plays from which these pieces came. In this regard, I believe Saturday's performance was a success.
I'd say if you grew up on a farm or ranch, maybe a small town or even a big city, there's a pretty good chance you were a member of the local 4-H Club.
I sure was, and so was my brother. In fact, while I wasn't all that, uh, handy with making things (or raising things), I remember my brother raising a calf and showing it at the local county fairs.
In fact, even if you weren't a 4-H member, I'll bet you went into the 4-H Barn at your County Fair to check out the animals and exhibits...and the purple, blue, red and white ribbons attached to each!
While I suppose a 4-H Club could properly be described as a 'youth organization', it seems to be so much more. Since I wear a bit of age on my bones, for me it seemed to be for us farm boys. Wrong! It's for boys and girls both, and It's not just for us farm young 'uns.
While it is technically administered in the USA by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and the United States Department of Agriculture, there's plenty of the 'city kids' that are involved too. And that's a great thing!
And just how old is 4-H? Well, without getting into all the details (which you can get here), it was essentially born out of a statewide corn contest in 1882 in Delaware. I'll bet they never envisioned it going worldwide!
Oh, and what exactly do those four H's stand for in a 4-H Club?
Well, if you were a member, you know: Head, Heart, Hands and Health.
Does your local area have a 4-H Club? Probably. You can find out here.
Now, think back, back, back. Do you remember the 4-H Pledge? OK, bring back one of the warmest memories you have and recite along with the kids in the video below.
Wikipedia Contributed To This Article
See Also:
Most of the companies find it difficult to hire temporary staff for their events or exhibitions. This is because there is a dearth of professional temporary staff who play an important role in enhancing the brand image of the company they represent. As events and exhibitions are organised once or twice in a year there is no point for the companies to hire them on a permanent basis but at the same time it becomes difficult for them to find experienced and professional temporary staff at the time they need their services. This is the reason that most of the companies rely on the staffing agency to recruit temporary staff. However, the agency services are quite expensive and at the same time they have limited database to offer a large selection for the companies to fill in their vacancies with the right people. So unlike the traditional staffing agency the companies can now check out for the online temporary staffing agency portal that is much more reliable and cost effective to fill in their vacancies. The portal offers excellent event model staffing solutions whether one requires hosts and hostesses, trade show models, dancers, product launch experts, event managers and more within no time.
The online portal can help find the best of temporary staff without many efforts as the companies can register on the portal and list their vacancies online for filling up their temporary vacancies. The companies can post their vacancies as well as go through the available data base on the portal to find candidates who are suitable for their vacancies and interested in their company. The companies can go through the profiles not only looking at the photos but also finding the ratings and reviews given to them by other recruiters. This helps companies to easily find event staff without many efforts. The candidates who are also looking for temporary jobs no longer need to run behind a staffing agency but simply upload their profile on the portal or browse the jobs to find one suitable to their interests and apply online. As the portal offers event model staffing solutions across the world companies can find candidates wherever they are organising their events or exhibitions and similarly candidates can also find a job even though they are on a holiday to some other country.
The online portal Professionate offers a single platform for the companies as well as the candidates to meet their requirements.
Plan your special event or conference in Dubai? Here you can get best hostess agency dubai. We have a reliable and professional team to host your event or conference and gives guarantee the success of your event with professional hosting and promotion services from our event staffing agency @ http://www.professionate.com/
Contact Address:
Professionate
Dubai
110001
United Arab Emirates
+49 151 66458197
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis has urged the club's academy players to raise their game as he plans to make changes to his squad in order to cope with their packed Premier League schedule.
West Brom, who are eighth in the table, play three games in a week, starting with two away games against Manchester United on Saturday and Watford three days later, before a home match against Southampton on April 8.
"We have the younger players and they can play bit parts from now until the end of the season. But we do need them to step up to the mark for the final eight or nine games," Pulis told the club's website (www.wba.co.uk).
"We will move the players around because each opposition will present different challenges to us."
Pulis was uncertain about the inclusion of midfielders James McClean and Nacer Chadli as well as striker Salomon Rondon for the clash at Old Trafford as they had yet to return from international duty.
The manager was also doubtful about midfielder Matt Phillips' return from a hamstring injury that he sustained against West Ham United in February.
"We're disappointed he's not fit but what began as a muscle injury is now a slight tendon problem. It's been a long time," Pulis added.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice, but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic, the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear. New evidence, though, might change those assumptions, The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg isn't to blame for the ocean liner's sinking, but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks:
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board, new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship's demise. Journalist Senan Molony, who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic, studied photographs taken by the ship's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard. Mr. Maloney said he was able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull, just behind where the ship's lining was pierced by the iceberg. He said: “We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck, and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place, before she even left Belfast." [The Independent]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out, with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames. Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic's passengers, with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship.
"Nobody has investigated these marks before," Molony said. "It totally changes the narrative. We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle, and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent. The fire was known about, but it was played down. She should never have been put to sea."
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912. Jeva Lange
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc
* Says co's unit Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corp will receive 103,726 shares of Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd. and 400,000 shares of Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd on April 2
* Says unit will issue 89.1 million shares to the co
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/2jMFS4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Justice Neil Gorsuch's first week on the Supreme Court bench features an important case about the separation of church and state that has its roots on a Midwestern church playground. The outcome could make it easier to use state money to pay for private, religious schooling in many states.
The justices on Wednesday will hear a Missouri church's challenge to its exclusion from a state program that provides money to use ground-up tires to cushion playgrounds. Missouri is among roughly three dozen states with constitutions that explicitly prohibit using public money to aid a religious institution, an even higher wall separating government and religion than the U.S. Constitution erects.
Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Missouri, says its exclusion is discrimination that violates its religious freedoms under the U.S. Constitution.
If the justices agree, “the decision could have implications far beyond scrap tires and playgrounds,” said Michael Bindas of the Institute for Justice, which is backing the church. “It has the potential to remove one of the last legal clouds hanging over school choice.”
That prospect worries groups of public school teachers and others who oppose vouchers and other forms of public aid for private schooling.
Adding to the intrigue is the long delay between when the Supreme Court agreed to hear Trinity Lutheran's appeal, a month before Justice Antonin Scalia died in February 2016, and the argument. The span of more than 15 months suggests the justices were concerned they might divide 4-4. Indeed, the case wasn't scheduled for argument until after President Donald Trump nominated Gorsuch for the seat.
The timing of the argument “heightened our concern that the court has held this case for so long,” said Alice O'Brien, general counsel of the National Education Association, which opposes state aid to private schools.
Missouri's new governor, Republican Eric Greitens, injected some uncertainty into the high court case on Thursday, when he directed state agencies to allow religious groups and schools to receive taxpayer money for playgrounds and other purposes. The court on Friday asked both the church and the state to tell it whether the governor's announcement affects the case.
A lawyer for the church said in an interview with The Associated Press that the case would be unaffected because Greitens' policy change does not resolve the legal issue. But a top aide to state Attorney General Josh Hawley told the AP that state lawyers were evaluating whether the new policy would affect the case.
Should the court decide to go forward, Gorsuch's votes and opinions in religious liberty cases as a judge on the federal appeals court in Denver would seem to make him more inclined to side with the church, and potentially provide the decisive, tie-breaking vote if the rest of the court is divided between liberals and conservatives, Bindas said.
The case arose from an application the church submitted in 2012 to take part in Missouri's scrap tire grant program, which reimburses the cost of installing a rubberized playground surface made from recycled tires. The money comes from a fee paid by anyone who buys a new tire. The church's application to resurface the playground for its preschool and daycare ranked fifth out of 44 applicants.
But the state's Department of Natural Resources rejected the application, pointing to the part of the state constitution that says “no money shall ever be taken from the public treasury, directly or indirectly, in aid of any church, sect or denomination of religion.”
A recycled scrap tire is not religious, the church said in its Supreme Court brief. “It is wholly secular,” the church said.
Leslie Hiner, vice president of programs at Ed Choice, a school voucher advocacy group said, “It is difficult to understand that a little school could not participate in a safety measure determined by the state because somehow safety of children is conflated with religious purpose.”
But the question of where the dividing line should be between church and state is complicated, said the NEA's O'Brien.
The Supreme Court has upheld some school voucher programs and state courts have ratified others. But “in many instances challenges to voucher programs have succeeded based on state court views that their constitutions draw a different line than does the federal constitution,” O'Brien said.
Thirty states and the District of Columbia have some form of school choice, including vouchers, tax credits and education savings accounts, according to Ed Choice.
The justices could themselves draw a line that decides the case in Missouri without saying anything more broadly about school choice.
But that issue already is looming at the high court in appeals from a Colorado Supreme Court ruling that blocked the nation's first county-initiated voucher program in Douglas County, Colorado.
The Missouri church and some of the groups backing it have invoked what they describe as anti-Catholic bias that motivated the adoption of the Missouri provision and similar measures in other states in the late 1800s. They are similar to the proposed 1875 Blaine Amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would have prohibited the allocation of public school funds to religious institutions.
“Both the Colorado and Missouri Blaine Amendments share discriminatory, anti-Catholic origins that make their contemporary use to compel religious discrimination particularly unacceptable,” lawyer Paul Clement wrote on behalf of the Colorado county.
But 10 legal and religious historians said in a separate court filing that there is no evidence that “anti-Catholic or anti-religious animus” played a role in the adoption of the Missouri constitutional provision. And they said anti-Catholicism was a minor factor behind the Blaine Amendment. The broader debate was about the future of American education, they said.
Associated Press writers Maria Danilova and Katie Kull contributed to this report.
By The Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — The government of Bermuda has sued a Massachusetts hospital, saying it bribed the island's former leader in order to secure business there.
The Boston Globe (http://bit.ly/2l7GYrA ) reports that the federal suit filed Tuesday alleges that Lahey Hospital and Medical Center and Ewart Brown, a doctor who was Bermuda's premier from 2006 to 2010, were part of a racketeering conspiracy that spanned 20 years.
The suit alleges that in return for bribes disguised as consulting fees, Brown directed a large share of the island's health care business to Lahey, including lucrative contracts to interpret unnecessary MRIs and CT scans performed at two clinics owned by Brown.
Lahey said in a statement that the allegations are “baseless and without merit.”
Advertisement
Bermuda, a British territory, is seeking unspecified damages from Burlington-based Lahey.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — If it's true that, as many saw it, this entire Washington Redskins season was a referendum on Kirk Cousins and whether he should get a long-term contract, the way things ended — a late interception sealing a playoffs-preventing loss — should make for quite an intriguing offseason.
For while Cousins broke his own franchise record for passing yards, nearly eclipsing 5,000, and set another team mark with more than 400 completions, he also closed things on a down note as Washington (8-7-1) lost four of its final six games, including 19-10 against the New York Giants on Sunday.
“This isn't my first time dealing with this,” Cousins said through a bit of a forced smile. “Tough times don't last; tough people do, right? I sound like a broken record, but I'm going to keep saying that until I retire.”
A year after leading the Redskins to the NFC East title, Cousins now will be home during the postseason.
He threw a pair of second-half picks Sunday, both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the second coming while Washington trailed 13-10 with about 1½ minutes remaining. Cousins stepped out of the pocket, scanned the field for a receiver, then threw a floater that did not really come all that close to reaching intended receiver Pierre Garcon.
Garcon and other teammates rose to Cousins' defense afterward, saying as defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois did of the defeat: “It was not his fault at all.”
After the game, Cousins acknowledged he probably should have tucked the ball and run it on that late interception .
Coach Jay Gruden agreed that throw constituted “a poor decision.”
In the next breath, Gruden added: “I think he belongs in the NFL as a starting quarterback, that's for sure, and hopefully it's here.”
And that will be the key question over the coming weeks for Washington and general manager Scot McCloughan: Will the team keep Cousins and, if so, for how much?
The QB made nearly $20 million this season under the franchise tag. The Redskins could tag him again, for about $24 million, or sign him to a multiyear deal, or let him walk as a free agent.
Asked what he expects, Cousins shrugged his shoulders and answered: “It's really not my decision to make. The ball was in the court of the team last year and they chose to tag me. And the same is true this year.”
Here is what else we know after the Giants (11-5), who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed and will play at Green Bay, beat the Redskins:
GIANTS' MOMENTUM
Eli Manning said the prospect of the Giants' starters resting in a game that had no impact on their playoff status “never came up all week.” By putting up 10 first-half points before going conservative — and no one getting hurt — they validated coach Ben McAdoo's decision and got into a groove going into the playoffs. “I thought we did some good things and we can build off that,” Manning said. “If we can run the ball, defense is playing great, we'll be in good shape.”
BECKHAM VS. NORMAN
Despite Redskins cornerback Josh Norman getting called for two personal fouls for shoving and then going facemask-to-facemask with Odell Beckham Jr., the Giants receiver downplayed the confrontations and the rivalry. “That's been dead for a long time,” said Beckham, who left the game in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards.
GRUDEN
From 6-3-1 to out of the playoffs thanks to a 2-4 finish — including two flat losses at home to teams with nothing at stake — Gruden and the Redskins have a lot to ponder in a longer-than-they-wanted offseason. Gruden was asked whether he had his team ready to play Sunday. “On a gut level, I like to think so, but obviously, the results say otherwise.” Said Jean Francois: “I don't blame this on no coach. … It was on us.”
REDSKINS' RUN GAME
If the Redskins are going to get back to the playoffs next season, they'll probably want to improve a drab running game that closed with 15 carries for 38 yards against New York.
___
AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
There will be a new marketing message at MAGIC when the shows open in Las Vegas on Monday — and it's all wet.
UBM Fashion, which owns MAGIC, Project, Coterie, FN Platform and others, will unveil a campaign that was created in partnership with CoolGraySeven, a branding and advertising agency. The campaign will be revealed in installations located at the entrances of both the Las Vegas Convention Center, where the women's and footwear shows are held, and Mandalay Bay Convention Center, where the men's shows are located.
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh on Wednesday welcomed the hike in the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for Kharif crops.
Briefing media here, Singh said, "On behalf of the Chhattisgarh government, legislators, 2.5 crore people and farmers, especially, this is is a historic decision made by (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi's government. A new history has been made. This is a gift for the farmers."
He added that the hike was done for the welfare of the farmers and as per the promise made in the Union Budget.
Singh further said, "Hike of MSP in paddy, soybeans and maize is vital for the farmers. This will help to boost the income of the farmers by 2022. About 12 crore farmers in the country will be benefitted by this decision. Farmers will earn money and they will become more motivated."
The Chhattisgarh Chief Minister underscored that the decision will also give a boost economy of his state.
Adding that the decision will be a 'turning point' for the farmers in the country, Singh further added, "We have always raised the issues of farmers. This shows that the Modi government is committed towards working to fulfill the promises of the farmers. We will celebrate the decision grandly."
He stated that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers will hold rallies in different parts of the state to thank Prime Minister Modi for undertaking the decision to hike the MSP of Kharif crops.
Earlier in the day, in order to boost the income of the farmers, the Union Cabinet approved the MSP for 14 Kharif crops for the year 2018-19.
The meeting chaired by Prime Minister Modi approved the proposal made by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget 2018 of hiking the support price by one-and-a-half times of the production cost for Kharif crops.
MSP is referred to a price at which the government buys crops from the farmers, to protect agriculture producers from fall in farm prices.
The MSP for paddy has been increased by around Rs 200 per quintal, jowar (hybrid) by Rs 730 per quintal and ragi by Rs 997 per quintal.
The MSP of paddy (common grade) has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal, while that of Grade A variety by Rs 160 per quintal to Rs 1,750.
The MSP of medium staple cotton has been increased to Rs 5,150 from Rs 4,020 earlier, and that of long staple cotton to Rs 5,450 from Rs 4,320 per quintal.
In pulses, MSP of tur dal has been raised to Rs 5,675 per quintal from Rs 5,450, while that of moong dal to Rs 6,975 per quintal from Rs 5,575.
In his 2018 Budget speech, Jaitley had announced that think-tank Niti Aayog in consultation with central and state governments will put in place a mechanism to ensure farmers get benefits of the minimum support price.
Since 2007-08, the MSP has gone up from Rs 745 to Rs 1550 per quintal.
In 2008-09, the MSP was increased from Rs 745 per quintal in the previous fiscal year (FY) to Rs 900 per quintal (an increase of Rs 155 per quintal). Rs 100 per quintal on MSP was also raised by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government in FY 2009-10. (ANI)
Alice Gertrude Tibbetts, 102, Maryville, died Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at Parkdale Manor, Maryville.
Funeral service will be at 11 am, Saturday, February 3 at the Price Funeral Home, Maryville. Burial will follow at Hopkins Cemetery. Visitation will be from 9:30 to 11 am before the funeral.
Memorials may be made to Laura Street Baptist Church.
Online condolences may be left at pricefuneralhomemaryville.com.
Arrangements are under the direction of Price Funeral Home, Maryville.
Leitrim Observer staff member Gerard Taylor marks 40 years service with the newspaper this week.
Gerard started out with the paper on 14th February 1977, aged 17, under the Editorship of the late Greg Dunne.
In the front office at the time were Mary Aherne from Drumshanbo on reception and the late Mrs. Mary Kennedy, Dublin Road and Willie Donnellan in the Accounts Dept. Willie marked 40 years service with the paper in 2014, while Frankie Smith will do so next year.
Along with Gerry they are the 3 longest serving members of the current staff. Former staff who had over 40 years service include Butch Doyle, Leo Stanford and Michael Kelly.
Gerry's family, colleagues and former colleagues held a surprise party for him last Saturday night in Cryan's Hotel where a great time was had by all.
Congratulations Gerry from all in the Leitrim Observer!
Hailing from Bologna and based in London, three-piece Husky Loops are genuinely unlike anything you've seen. Danio talked with me after their Southampton date about their inspirations, forming because they felt they had to after looking like a band together, and how exactly they got the name Husky Loops. How does the music scene differ from Bologna to London? It's a very hard question. It's very different, different clubs, different venues, different crowd, different music played by the DJs. In Italy Italian music is still big, so there was a lot of that. People react different to the music here, it's just hard to explain, you'd need to come down and see. It's different everywhere you go really, we were part of the Bologna scene when we were adolescents; at the time there were a lot of punk bands around and indie rock was becoming very popular, so everyone was kind of playing in a band and it was really cool. We all started taking music seriously then. I guess the reason why we left is because the music industry is dead here, so that is a big difference. There are no A&Rs coming to your show when you're 18 kind of thing here… you play for your friends, you create your fan base but rock music is very underground.
What music did you listen to when you were younger?
A lot of bands from the UK actually, a lot of indie rock, classic rock, rock'n'roll, but also electronic music, hip hop, classical music… we've been music heads all of our lives, we've been listening to everything always. We're still like this today. I guess this is a big part of what Husky Loops is, being able of understanding different genres.
How did you get into music?
I have memories of liking sounds and rhythm from a very early age. Then I picked up a Jerry Lee Lewis record when I was 8 years old, I was digging in my father's collection, and from then something happened. I remember rock'n'roll hit me in the face and it sounded like the thing that makes sense the most in the world. Still does.
How did you form?
In London. He was like “what the hell are you doing here” and I said “I'm with Tom”. Tom was downstairs chewing a banana, he came upstairs (I called him, I was like “Tom! Tom!”) and we looked at each other then for the the first time and said “Jesus Christ on a bike we look like a band don't we” so we felt like we had to.
What inspired the name?
Tom chewing the banana. He looked miserable, a bit like a husky stuck in a washing machine. Like a Husky Loops.
Where do you get inspiration for lyrics?
Love, relationships, family, memories. Mainly that really, at the moment…
What influenced/currently influences your sound?
Nothing specific influences our sound, although r'n'b and hip hop inspired us a lot recently. Frank Ocean live was a beautiful experience, and the last Kendrick album was played a lot in the van. But then you know, not only records inspire us, our sound also comes from various discussions, machines can inspire a song too, also other bands we play with influenced us in a way I guess.
What are you listening to at the moment?
Solange.
Recent/upcoming gigs you're looking forward to?
I can't wait to play any shows. I love playing live always!
What's next for you?
Lots of gigs, festivals, writing and…
Check out ‘Fighting Myself' below:
(Corrects headline, second paragraph to show replacing CEO on interim basis, CFO job is permanent)
NEW YORK May 2 Molina Healthcare Chief Executive Officer Dr. J. Mario Molina and Chief Financial Officer John Molina will be replaced after weak financial results, Molina's new chairman Dale Wolf said in a press release on Tuesday, announcing a surprise shake-up at the small health insurer.
Molina, which specializes in the Medicaid program for the poor and has suffered financially from its newer individual Obamacare insurance business, said that its chief accounting officer Joseph White would take over both positions. He will be CEO on an interim basis. (Reporting by Caroline Humer; editing by Diane Craft)
The Trump administration released a report on the state of America's nuclear weaponry on Friday. The assessment, known as a Nuclear Posture Review, mainly concerns U.S. nukes and missiles.
But buried in the plan is a mention of a mysterious Russian weapon called "Status-6." On paper, at least, Status-6 appears to be a kind of doomsday device. The report refers to it as "a new intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo."
"The radius of total or near-total destruction is the size of a pretty large metropolitan area, actually," says Edward Geist, a Russia specialist at the Rand Corp. who has spent time looking at the weapon. "It's difficult to imagine in normal terms."
Status-6 made its first public appearance in 2015, while Russian President Vladimir Putin was visiting with his generals in the city of Sochi.
Russia state television reported on the visit. The camera shows Putin seated at a long table. Then it cuts to a shot over one of the general's shoulders. He is looking at what appears to be a drawing of a new nuclear weapon called the Oceanic Multipurpose System Status-6.
Status-6 looks like a giant torpedo about a third the length of a big Russian submarine. According to the slide, it is nuclear-powered, meaning it can roam for months and possibly even years beneath the ocean without surfacing. Its payload is a nuclear warhead "many tens of megatons in yield," Geist says.
That is thousands of times more powerful than the bombs dropped at the end of World War II and more powerful than anything currently in the U.S. and Russian arsenals.
Status-6 would launch from beneath a Russian submarine. It would shoot at a depth too deep to be intercepted and travel for thousands of miles. Upon reaching its target along the U.S. coastline, it would detonate, swallowing up whatever city happened to be nearby.
"The only possible U.S. targets are large port cities," says Mark Schneider, a senior analyst with the National Institute for Public Policy, wrote in an e-mail. "The detonation of Status-6 in any of them would essentially wipe out their population into the far suburbs."
"The detonation would cause a very large amount of radioactive fallout," adds Pavel Podvig, an arms control expert who runs a blog called Russian Strategic Nuclear Forces. Podvig believes the weapon could potentially bathe the entire Northeast Corridor in radioactive soot.
Status-6 would probably be used as a "third-strike" weapon of last resort. If Russia fell under attack from the U.S. and couldn't retaliate with its missiles, it might trigger Status-6: a doomsday machine. Or at least a doomsday-ish machine.
Then again, the whole thing might be a fake.
"The drawing of this drone looks more like an enlarged drawing of a smaller torpedo," says Podvig. In other words, it looks as if the Russians may have just taken some torpedo clip art, blown it up to terrifying size and then broadcast it on state television.
Why?
"It's a way to get our attention," says Geist.
Geist says that the "leak" of Status-6 was deliberate. Russia worries that U.S. missile defenses might be able to shoot down its missiles in a nuclear war. By showing a plan for Status-6, Russia is warning the U.S. that if it continues to build such defensive systems, then Russia will find another way to strike, with a missile that can't be intercepted.
"My read of the whole Status-6 slide leak is that the Russians were trying to send us a message," Geist says.
Podvig agrees that the leak of Status-6 is probably just a warning shot. But the fact that it appeared in the Pentagon's newest report on nuclear weapons shows that some war planners are taking the idea seriously.
There may be some politics involved in that decision as well, says Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists. The Trump administration is pushing hard for upgrades to America's nuclear arsenal. In his State of the Union address, the president called for making the arsenal "so strong and so powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression by any other nation or anyone else."
Citing Status-6 helps to build the case that upgrades to American nukes are needed, Kristensen says.
For all the rhetoric around Status-6, Podvig and Geist both believe that the program isn't completely made-up. Geist says a long-range underwater drone without a nuclear warhead would be a useful weapon.
"You could use it for tapping our underwater communications cables," he says. "Or simpler, in a war, is just going out and like finding them and cutting them."
Status-6 could also carry conventional munitions, like cruise missiles, and launch them after hiding for months beneath the water.
Podvig has seen photos that he says indicate the Russians are working on some hardware for big underwater drones.
"My best guess is that there is a project to design an underwater vehicle with a purpose, unknown at this point," he says. "There is something there."
Former Black Stars and Accra Hearts of Oak defender, Joe Addo has emphatically stated that football in the country has not improved.
He believes if the Ghana Football Association (GFA) is able to implement decisions taken at the Cape Coast Summit, it will do a lot of good to Ghana's football.
”The image and performance hasn't changed.It is deteriorating. I am hoping that the new schemes the FA is trying to put them would change our game. I grew up from the colts era and graduated from the colts to the under-20, Academicals, Meteors and then into the Black Stars and the most progression maybe for us to go back to that. It will help us all.” Joe Addo said on the Football Legends Night Show on GHOne TV on Friday.
In his view, the Cape Coast summit would amount to nothing if the GFA fails to implement the new policies which he believes will go a long way to save football in the country.
Joe Addo was part of the Ghana squad that finished fourth at the African Cup of Nations in South Africa in 1996.
Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick (6) enters Sanford Stadium during the Dawg Walk before an NCAA college football game against Appalachian State, in Athens, Ga., earlier this season. Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following his second arrest on marijuana charges in three years. Patrick is tied for third on the team with 17 tackles and his status for Saturday's game at Vanderbilt is not clear.(Joshua L. Jones/Athens Banner-Herald via AP, File) Joshua L. Jones AP
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — A charity controlled by Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad has missed a legal deadline for disclosing the names of donors who paid for his inaugural celebration two years ago.
Tax experts say the lack of disclosure could subject the group to IRS penalties of $100 per day retroactive to Nov. 15, when the information was due.
It also means the public doesn't know the identities of individuals and corporations who wrote checks totaling $1 million toward Branstad's inauguration and namesake college scholarship fund. Branstad is preparing to leave office to become the next ambassador to China in the Trump administration.
Branstad spokesman Ben Hammes says the group's accountant is still gathering information on the contributors and plans to file an amended return disclosing them.
BEDFORD, Va. - On Wednesday morning, the Bedford County Public School's spokesperson released a statement saying the district has received a number of questions regarding the status of various people employed by BCPS.
Though they cannot comment on specific personnel actions, they say, "We have no changes planned for the leadership of Liberty High School, other than hiring an assistant principal to replace Mr. Brian Wilson, who will be serving as principal of Thomas Jefferson Elementary School."
"We have found out that oftentimes we can't take the statements of the Bedford County Public Schools at face value. I'm very optimistic, still cautiously optimistic," said Thomas Messier, a senior at Liberty High School.
The announcement comes after parents and Liberty High Students heard last week that their principal, Dr. Kathy Dills, would be reassigned and replaced by Deputy Superintendent Dr. Cherie Whitehurst.
Since then, students have formed a group pushing to have both women retained in their current positions.
"I think this shows how the group has been advocating for Dr. Dills and Dr. Whitehurst. I'll take it as a victory for Dr. Dills, but there's still quite a lot of work to be done. We haven't received confirmation on the status of Dr. Whitehurst," Messier said.
10 News asked about, Whitehurst's current status with the school division and we were told, "We are unable to comment on any and all matters of personnel."
"We're here to rally. We're here to show the school board and the superintendent that Dr. Dills and Dr. Whitehurst are both valuable assets to our community and we won't stop until both of them have job security," Messier said.
Whitehurst released a statement to 10 News saying, "I am humbled by the outpouring of support in recent days by members of our community. On the advice of my attorneys, I will not be making any further comment at this time."
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
BANGKOK (AP) — A French tourist who tried to have her picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at her when she got too close.
The woman, who is in her 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to her leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
She had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but she tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
Advertisement
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
Posted 1 hour ago
Mombasa Senator, Hassan Omar questioned what he terms as irregular payment of close to Sh1 billion by the county government for garbage collection in the
A Hicksville man charged with petty larceny last month was rearrested Sunday on additional counts after allegedly following a UPS truck and then stealing packages left at houses in the hamlet, Nassau County police said Monday.
According to detectives, Martin Gonzales, 18, of Story Lane was arrested at about 4:40 p.m. on Dec. 14 after police received a 911 call that two men in a Ford Explorer were seen following a UPS truck in the vicinity of Salem Gate and removing packages that were delivered to three separate houses and then fleeing the scene.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
A police spokesman said that after interviewing victims it was later determined that an additional 10 packages had been stolen though he said it was not clear which or how many houses the additional packages had been taken from.
Police said that at least some of the packages were located in the Ford Explorer.
Gonzales is charged with a total of 13 counts of petty larceny and is scheduled to be arraigned Monday at First District Court in Hempstead.
Police are still seeking a second suspect and asked anyone with information to call Nassau County Crime Stoppers at 1-800-244-TIPS. All callers will remain anonymous.
In LA, Trump bragged he was going to spend a billion dollars on what he claimed would become the world's tallest building. His architect Bill Fain delivered a gilded 125-storey office tower etched in a diamond-patterned exoskeleton...David Martin also devised a skyscraper: ‘When I told Ivana [Trump] the basis of the idea was to put two diamonds together, she lit up,' Martin said. ‘I think they were divorced a week later.' — The Guardian
Whether you've been following the tumultuous life of proposed architecture projects in Los Angeles or not (a stretch of Grand Avenue, for example, has been undergoing elaborate proposals designed in part by Frank Gehry for almost forty years) "Never Built Los Angeles," a book by architectural critics at large Sam Lubell and Greg Goldin, shows us via The Guardian the almost-reality of a Los Angeles-based Trump Tower designed by Johnson Fain back in 1989.
British GT4 champion Will Tregurtha added to his growing list of awards by picking up the MSA Young Driver of the Year accolade.
Tregurtha impressed judges in a four-way shootout at Silverstone last month, beating fellow finalists Angus Fender, Max Marzorati, and Dan Seager.
He will be presented with his trophy at the MSA Night of Champions in January.
The 17-year-old also receives a winter training package as he prepares for a European GT4 Championship challenge next season.
“It was an incredible day and I need to say a massive thank you to the MSA Academy and to iZone for the prize,” he said.
“I have learned a lot; the competition was great and it will set me in good stead for the future.”
Tregurtha and team-mate Stuart Middleton became the youngest ever pairing to win the British GT title when they wrapped up the championship at Donington in September.
The pair also received the Henry Surtees Award at the BRDC Awards evening earlier this month.
ROANOKE, Va. - Authorities are investigating after a 25-year-old man was found shot after a reported car crash early Wednesday morning.
At about 12:30 a.m., officers responded to the 1400 block of Orange Avenue NW for a reported crash.
Arriving officers found the driver had been shot.
He was transported to Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital by Roanoke Fire-EMS with non-life-threatening injuries.
At this point in the investigation, police say the shooting appears to be isolated and there is no danger to the public.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
PARIS (AP) — Forward Valere Germain ended his scoring drought in the French league with two goals as Marseille beat Saint-Etienne 3-0 Sunday.
After joining from defending champion Monaco in the offseason, Germain made a bright start with a hat trick on his home debut in the third qualifying round of the Europa League. But prior to Sunday night, he had not found the net in 14 league games.
Germain got his first goal on 11 minutes with a powerful close-range header following a corner. After Saint-Etienne defender Ronael Pierre-Gabriel was sent off in the 51st, Germain grabbed his second in the 71st when he turned in winger Florian Thauvin's cross.
“Of course I was waiting for this, to score in the league. Or to score at all because I hadn't scored for three months,” Germain said on French television. “But I never lost confidence in myself. I hope this match helps me to play more regularly.”
Argentine winger Lucas Ocampos expertly curled in the third goal from just inside the penalty area late on.
Marseille remains in fourth place, level on points with Monaco and Lyon but trailing them on goal difference. They are nine points behind runaway leader Paris Saint-Germain. Saint-Etienne is down in 15th spot.
PSG and Monaco won their games on Saturday.
___
RISING STAR
Days after being linked with a potential move to Barcelona, teenage midfielder Houssem Aouar scored twice as Lyon rallied to win 2-1 at Amiens.
He started and finished the move that drew Lyon level in the 79th and volleyed in the winner four minutes into injury time.
The 19-year-old Aouar is the latest young talent to come through Lyon's prodigious youth academy, and was recently supervised by Barcelona. His astute passing, and skill and composure on the ball reportedly pleased the Catalan giant.
Over the years, Lyon's academy has given young players the chance to shine by bringing them into the senior team quickly. It has produced Real Madrid star Karim Benzema, Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette and Nabil Fekir, the club's top scorer this season and another player widely tipped to move to a bigger club in the summer.
Amiens scored in the ninth minute through forward Serge Gakpe's close-range finish.
Lyon thought it had equalized in the 18th but forward Memphis Depay's free kick was ruled out for an offside teammate.
Aouar's equalizer was reward for his perseverance and talent.
Coming in from the left, he beat two players, fed a pass to midfielder Tanguy Ndombele and then sprinted to slide home Ndombele's pass across the penalty area.
After Amiens forwards Gael Kakuta hit the post with a penalty, Aouar's winner sparked scenes of jubilation.
Striker Mariano Diaz burst into the area and, rather than shooting, cleverly sent a looping pass toward the left post where Aouar volleyed the ball neatly into the right corner.
___
SUPER MARIO
Mario Balotelli's cushioned volley from the edge of the penalty area gave Nice a 2-1 win at fifth-place Nantes.
The Italian striker had just missed a more straightforward chance when he sent a first-time volley into the bottom right corner in the 75th minute, with speedy winger Allan Saint-Maximin again the provider.
It was Balotelli's ninth goal in 12 league games and prompted one fan to sprint onto the field to congratulate him. The match was briefly held up while security staff wrestled the intruder to the ground and then removed him.
Nice was indebted to goalkeeper Walter Benitez's stunning point-blank save from Jules Iloki's header just after Balotelli's goal.
Forward Yacine Bammou put Nantes ahead in the 12th minute. Striker Alassane Plea headed the equalizer close to halftime.
Following a terrible start to the season, Nice is up to eighth place.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LEXINGTON – The Lexington City Council met for their regular meeting on Tuesday night, at the Council Chambers. Construction was on their agenda as they approved stop signs for new subdivisions and closed the construction of the Incubator Space.
The Dawson County Opportunity Center is the new home of the Incubator Space. It will serve as a temporary home for new businesses looking to get started. It will provide for office space and will periodically give instruction and other help to entrepreneurs. The council approved closing documents to TFC serviced for the project. The city will now receive USDA reimbursement for the project.
In other action, the council approved the placement of stop signs for new sub-divisions in the northwest and southwest area of Lexington. Much of the work is done on the lots in the Northwest divisions and are ready to be purchased. Construction in the SW 1st continues to move along quickly with much of the underground work completed. Concrete worked should begin this week according to city manager Joe Pepplitsch.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department says nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs.
But total hires rose 4.4 percent to 5.55 million.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. That partly reflected a recovery in hiring after the hurricanes dragged down jobs gains in September.
Advertisement
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
As the World Cup continues, and Brazil advances to the quarter finals, I am paying tribute to the team with this abstract using the colors of our flag: green, yellow, blue and white. Go Brazil!
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
DENVER (AP) — The Broncos are in search of a coach. The Raiders are looking for a quarterback.
Neither of these AFC West rivals came out of Sunday in as good of shape as they went in.
After a 24-6 victory, Denver coach Gary Kubiak told his players he was stepping away.
During that loss, the Raiders (12-4) saw their hopes for a division title and first-round bye slip away, and also lost their quarterback-of-the-moment, Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury.
They are faced with the prospect of rookie Connor Cook making his first NFL start in a playoff game at Houston next weekend.
“Nothing is easy about this league,” coach Jack Del Rio said. “We wanted to win the division but we didn't earn that. We earned the playoffs.”
He had little to offer about McGloin's status. The fourth-year veteran, starting in place of the previously injured Derek Carr, left in the second quarter with an injury to his left shoulder and watched the rest of the game from the sideline.
In the other locker room, players voiced support for Kubiak, who has battled health problems and will leave the team only one short season after he led it to a Super Bowl title.
“I owe him a lot, obviously,” said Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian, who earned the starting job this year.
The Broncos went 9-7 and missed the playoffs, and now, team vice president John Elway embarks on a coaching search he didn't expect. Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan could be candidates.
“I trust him 100 percent,” linebacker Von Miller said of Elway, with whom he had contentious contract negotiations last offseason. “We have a championship organization here.”
But there will be a new champion this year. The Raiders once looked like as much of a front-runner in the AFC as anyone outside of New England. But now, it's Kansas City as division champion and Oakland as a road team with no sure bet on who its quarterback will be.
“We're big boys,” Del Rio said. “We can take it like men and move on. It's not what we wanted by any stretch.”
Other things we learned from Denver's win over Oakland:
PRESSURE COOKER
Cook was a fourth-round pick out of Michigan State. His first NFL action came under the most difficult of circumstances. He finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards with a touchdown and an interception. If he starts next week, he'll become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make his first NFL start in the playoffs. “It's not going to change anything for me,” he said. “I'm still going to prep as if I'm playing. It doesn't matter if I'm backup, starter, whatever.”
ON THE BENCH
Kubiak hinted all week that both Siemian and rookie Paxton Lynch would see playing time in the finale. With Denver's offense rolling — 24 points is more than it scored in the last three games combined — Lynch never made it off the bench. “That's on me,” Kubiak said. “Paxton has a bright future. It's going to be a hell of a battle between those two kids next year.”
GOOD NEWS, MAYBE
The Raiders went 3-3 against AFC West rivals, but won all six games against the rest of the conference. Their playoff opener is against the Texans, who they beat 27-20 in a game in Mexico City in November. “Our heads shouldn't be down,” receiver Amari Cooper said. “We're still going to the playoffs; we just didn't earn a bye.” One more tidbit: Since the playoff field was expanded to 12 teams, a No. 5 seed has never represented the AFC in the Super Bowl.
ELITE COMPANY
Devontae Booker became the seventh Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game. He joins such names as Clinton Portis, who accomplished the feat in 2002, Terrell Davis (1995) and Rick Upchurch (1975). “That just shows what our offense can do,” Booker said. “We went out there and moved the ball up and down the field. We put points on the board.”
OTHER HEALTH WORRIES
Raiders left tackle Donald Penn left the game clutching his left knee but Del Rio said he thinks Penn should be fine for next week.
___
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham contributed to this report.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
For some, today is February 14th, just another day. For others, it's an occasion to express one's inner feelings of love and devotion, hopefully scoring some brownie points in the process.
From early Tuesday morning, delivery teams were on the road and in offices making sure every floral arrangement or box of chocolates reached its intended recipient. Workers told Cayman 27 a Valentine's delivery is almost always met with a big smile.
“They're really happy and proud of their loved one, you know, knowing that they're getting flowers for valentine's celebrations making their day,” said one delivery worker, too busy to stop and identify himself.
Aruna and Dell Powery of West Bay are celebrating more than 23,000 days of making each other's day. The two were married at Captain Marvin's house on Reverend Blackman road in July of 1953, and have stuck together through thick and thin, raising 10 children.
This Valentine's day, the two are sharing their secrets of marital longevity.
“Love,” said Mr. Powery. “Love is the secret. We learned it was for the duration, it wasn't for just a time, until death. So, the secret of it was that we were determined to put it out there to live till death.”
“The top thing I think was trusting the Lord, because I know he had approval to do what was needed,” said Mrs. Powery. “So that's why I lean on him. I went through hard struggles in life many times and it was him that did the job to make me live to this day.”
The two were 19 and 17 when they tied the knot 63 years ago. They told Cayman 27 all the marital advice a couple needs can be taken from the good book.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Labor Member for the Mining and Pastoral Regional Kyle McGinn says he will advocate for the Norseman Mining Registrar's closure to be overturned as part of an audacious plan to re-purpose the facility as a multi-faceted complex.
Speaking with the Kalgoorlie Miner, Mr McGinn revealed he was planning to consult with WA Attorney-General John Quigley about the future of the Mining Registrar, which shares premises with the Norseman Magistrate's Court.
Last month, the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety confirmed it would close its Norseman branch after announcing its Coolgardie office would remain open.
However, Mr McGinn said he was exploring the possibility with the Shire of Dundas of basing multiple government branches at the Norseman office in a bid to ensure the Mining Registrar continued to operate.
“It is not as simple as a registrar, it's broader than that and there are bigger issues there,” he said.
“I have been advocating to the Minister (Bill Johnston) on how important I believe it is in ensuring we collaborate with the services in Norseman.
Camera Icon The Norseman Mining Registrar. Picture: Zach Relph / Kalgoorlie Miner
“Rather than the old mentality of having silos, we need to be mindful that there are opportunities to collaborate and having multiple departments working out of one operation.
“An example would be how we worked with the Shire of Coolgardie in making sure the Department of Transport and the Mining Registrar was in one area.”
The Norseman Mining Registrar had been temporarily closed since December, forcing prospectors to travel 190km to Kalgoorlie-Boulder to access services.
Confirmation of its closure last month sparked outrage across the Norseman community, with conservationist Lynn Webb and prospector David “Golly” Pascoe among residents calling for it to remain open.
Mr McGinn said it was important to have the Mining Registrar and Magistrate's Court available in Norseman.
“I will be engaging in discussions with the Attorney-General's office around the Magistrate's Court about trying to get it operational (in Norseman),” he said.
“I want to ensure the magistrate continues to operate, but how that looks I don't know yet, but in my opinion it has to continue to operate as it has been. The opportunity is to work out what other services can collaborate to ensure it stays there. These are the discussions I'll be having with ministers.”
1. Beatfest Cheltenham (50% off)
The family-friendly music festival returns to Cheltenham for the Bank Holiday weekend.
What are the Groupon deals?
• £5 for one child day ticket
• £7.50 a one adult day ticket or one weekend child ticket
• £10 for one adult weekend ticket
• £20 for one day ticket for a family of two adults and two children
• £30 for one weekend ticket for a family of two adults and two children
What sort of music can I expect?
All sorts! An eclectic mix of music to suit all tastes will be performing, including Beaver and the Foghorns and Spark the Sail.
Bands will be performing on the stage at 1pm on each day.
What is their for the children to do?
There will be a host of activities for children of all ages, including bouncy castles, pole jousting, table top football, bungee runs, gladiator fun and inflatable slides.
What kind of food will there be?
An Asian food stall, a BBQ, vegan food, 2 large bars and a pizza oven are just some of the culinary delights on offer.
When is it?
Sat August 26 - Sun August 227
What time?
Gates open 11am/ show time 11am-11pm/ lie music from 1pm
Where is it?
Pittville School, Albert Road, Cheltenham
2. Family Roller Disco (50% off)
A designated family slot to ensure you and your little ones can graciously glide around the disco venue without the over 18s there. Perfect for a family treat or birthday party.
What are the Groupon Deals? £6.60 for 2 people
When is it?
Friday, September 1
What time?
6pm-9pm
Where is it?
M.E.C.A , Regents Circus, Swindon, Wiltshire, SN1 1PR
What size roller boots do they have?
Skate Sizes: UK Infant 9 - Adult 13
3. One-Hour Trampoline Park Access for One, Two or Four at Airborne Trampoline Park (Up to 38% Off)
This indoor trampoline park is a huge hit for kids and adults of all ages! Located near Neptune Business Centre in Cheltenham, it has basketball hoops, an LED reaction wall, a ninja run, battle team and a giant airbag. Perfect activity for a rainy day.
What are the Groupon Deals?
£7.50 for a one-hour trampoline park access for one (25% off)
£14 for a one-hour trampoline park access for two (30% off)
£25 for a one-hour trampoline park access for four (38% off)
When is it?
Check availability here
Where is it?
5 Tewkesbury Road, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire GL51 9AH
4. 60-minute Play Session or up to four groups riding lessons at The Freedom Centre (up to 50%)
Are your kids deperate to go riding but you are put off by the cost? The Freedom Centre are offering kid's pony parties at a fraction of the cost. It doesn't matter if your child is a seasoned rider or has never been on a pony before, the riding school has a team of friendly and experienced instructors there to guide them through the adventure.
What are the Groupon deals?
£3 for a 60-minute Teeny Tots Pony Play session (40% off)
£10 for one 40-minute group riding lesson (50% off)
£20 for two 40-minute group riding lessons (50% off)
£40 for four 40-minute group riding lessons (50% off)
When is it?
Check availibility here
Where is it?
Lower Hind Farm, Station Road, Evesham WR11 7HX
5. Reptile or Small Animal Experience for One or Two Children at Viaduct Sanctuary and Petting Zoo
Would you like to handle, stroke and feed a snake?! Perhaps a bearded dragon, a turtle, spider or fluffy animal is more your cup of tea? Visitors will get a petting and learning session so they can be a small animal expert.
What are the Groupon deals ?
£7 for a reptile and small animal experience for one child
£12 for a reptile and small animal experience for two children
When is it?
Check availability here
Where is it?
114 Badminton Rd, Coalpit Heath, Bristol, South Gloucestershire BS36 2TB, UK
One of the lies in life is “one size fits all.”
It doesn't apply to socks. And it doesn't apply to how we approach exercise during the euphemistically described Golden Years.
I was absolutely inspired, more truthfully overwhelmed, talking to Deidré Larkin from Randburg and Charles Eugster, based in Switzerland.
Deidré taking up running at the age of 78 and now, at 85, running out of space for all her medals. Oh yes, and shattering the age group world record for the half marathon by 20 minutes with a time of 2 hours 12 minutes and 45 seconds.
It is just off the charts. But the boys aren't far behind. There is Charles taking up weightlifting at 87 with the aim of building a beach ready body. Then breaking world sprinting records at 95!
It's enough to get anybody lacing up the running shoes instead of walking the dogs – admittedly a bonus for body and mind in itself, as a recent Carte Blanche insert on preventing dementia showed.
The cruel fact is that we can't all be like Deidré or Charles who's wakeboarding in his eighties.
There are a myriad of physical and medical challenges some of us face – from limbs that are incapacitated to aching backs, heart problems and osteoporosis.
But do we tend to limit ourselves and not even explore our potential to improve strength and mobility? Enter the developing art and science of Active Ageing. Not just a buzzword but a project of the World Health Organisation.
And we saw the embodiment of Active Ageing at Biokineticist Hannah Raath's classes where a cross-section of chronologically gifted citizens were given exercises within their capabilities to improve mobility and strength. Research shows that improved mental agility is a vital by-product.
Charles talked of a recent study where the residents of a frail care centre were given weight bearing exercises, some of which could be performed lying in bed. The results after a couple of months were staggering, with some case studies improving leg strength by 80 percent!
So the message of our story ‘Age is Just a Number' is got up, get active and improve your quality of life.
And, who knows, you may find that there is a world champion in you who has been hidden for many decades.
AUSTIN, Texas - The right-wing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones is a performance artist whose true personality is nothing like his on-air persona, according to a lawyer defending the "Infowars" broadcaster in a child custody battle.
Attorney Randall Wilhite said at a pretrial hearing in Austin last week that evaluating Jones based on his on-air comments is like judging Jack Nicholson based on his role as the Joker in "Batman."
But Kelly Jones described her ex-husband as "not a stable person," according to the Austin American-Statesman (http://atxne.ws/2pGyXLz ). She said he is threatening toward others, noting homophobic comments he's made about Democratic U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and a challenge to fight actor Alec Baldwin. He broadcasts from home, she said, and that exposes their children to his incendiary behavior.
Jury selection in the case began Monday and Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of the children, ages 14, 12 and 9.
Alex Jones began on public access television in Austin and his "Infowars" programming on radio, YouTube and other platforms draws millions of listeners
Infowars.com, for instance, had 7.6 million global unique visitors from March 16 to April 14, according to Quantcast, which measures web audiences. Quantcast ranked Infowars.com 387th among all U.S. websites, not far behind Texas.gov, MLB.com and PBS.org.
Infowars.com has alleged that the Newtown, Connecticut, school shooting was a hoax and that the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks involved the federal government.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The Alex Jones YouTube channel has more than 2 million subscribers and more than 1.2 billion video views.
He drew praise from Donald Trump when Trump was a candidate for the White House, telling Jones in December 2015: "Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down."
But the judge overseeing the custody case, state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo, told lawyers last week that the focus of the trial must be on the Jones children.
"This case is not about 'Infowars' and I don't want it to be about 'Infowars,'" she said.
Jones pays $43,000 a month to Kelly Jones, whom he divorced in 2015, the newspaper reported.
The following contains spoilers from the fall finale of AMC's The Walking Dead.
The Walking Dead pulled a bite-and-switch during Season 8's fall finale, when after getting people thinking that Lucille might have a date with someone else's cranium, no heroes wound up stepping to the bat.
Alas, the episode's final moments revealed that there would be a casualty nonetheless — because Carl had been bitten by a walker in the course of transporting Siddiq.
What did original cast member Chandler Riggs have to say about the deadly twist? “Leaving Walking Dead wasn't my decision. It was all story-related,” he said in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter.
Learning of Carl's fate while filming Episode 6, a few weeks prior, “was quite the shocker for me, Andy [Lincoln, who plays Rick] and everyone,” Riggs said. “It was devastating for me and my family because the show has been such a huge part of my life for so long…. I didn't expect for Carl to ever get killed off.”
Riggs' real-life father, William, affirmed as much in a Facebook post. “Watching [TWD EP Scott] Gimple fire my son two weeks before his 18th birthday after telling him they wanted him for the next three years was disappointing,” the parent wrote. “I never trusted Gimple or AMC, but Chandler did. I know how much it hurt him. But we do absolutely know how lucky we have been to be a part of it all and appreciate all the love from fans all these years!”
Chandler Riggs — who will last appear in the Feb. 26 midseason premiere, when Carl dies on-screen — told THR the unexpected twist “serves a good purpose in the story,” adding: “I don't know how Rick and Michonne are going to handle it. I guess I'll have to watch and find out!”
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
At HardwareCon, makers from all types of industries gather to explore the phrase: “Hardware is hard, but it's getting much easier.” The convention is a two-day celebration of everything related to hardware and features speakers with pedigrees that ranged from robot builders to video game designers.
Start of Atari
Allan Alcorn, the creator of Pong and first design engineer for Atari, was the keynote speaker for the day. He described the process behind the creation of the world's first home video game console and offered words of encouragement and advice for other creators based on his own experiences.
“It's easier to disrupt an already existing market than create a new one,” Alcorn said. Pong, and the following collection of Atari consoles, birthed into a world where teenage boys were already spending hundreds of quarters at arcades. Alcorn simply found a way to tap into that want to game all the time. He contrasted his experience with Apple, a company that created its own market.
Alcorn ended the keynote talking about business plans. You could tell he was not a fan. He cautioned against staying rigid while designing a new product or piece of entertainment. Everyone at a start-up needs to remain “agile” to ensure there's constant innovation.
Everything Old is New Again
“It's one thing to make a great product, it's another thing to distribute it.” – Mark Rose, Product Lead for Nest Learning Thermostat.
Representatives from Nest, Root, and Sensel all spoke on a panel to discuss the rising trend of recreating old technology as something new. The group promoted researching distribution practices as one of the most important steps to making something old into something new again. You need to convince buyers that they need a smart version of an old product that they already know works fine.
For example, what can a smart smoke detector offer that a regular one already does? Well, for starters, you can design it to detect which room the smoke is coming from. Smoke in the kitchen? It's probably just someone burning food, which might be a cause for emergency or might not. Smoke in the kid's room? Someone is probably doing something they shouldn't. Smoke in the garage? Better call the fire department cause there should never be smoke in there. Fire alarms are already at the top of their game, but a smart alarm will help prevent some unwanted false warnings. That's an idea that people will buy into and make the product an easier sell.
Robot Invasion
It wouldn't have been a convention about hardware without someone talking about robots. The panel posed a lot of questions, ranging from “What is a good robot for society?” to “When will robots reach a stage where they are interacting with humans?”
Unfortunately, most of these questions could only be answered with conjecture. Though both fields in robotics and AI have made strides in recent years, there's no telling what they'll evolve into. The panel continued to discuss the ramifications of robotic evolution and how AI might one day affect our society. The group echoed the advice from the “Everything Old is New Again” panel and hyped the importance of finding a lucrative avenue of distribution. However, they went on to advise that the message behind your business is just as important. Entrepreneurs should not be creating products, but building businesses instead. Inventors will always have to build better and better products, but a business needs to last. They advised people design their business, and from there you build a product, and from there you perfect the features of your product.
Hardware Avenue
Hardware Avenue was a small expo hall reserved for creators and Kickstarter projects to advertise their work.
Getting Kids into Coding
Roboloco was one of my favorite startups in attendance. They build small kits that help young makers learn the basics of coding and robotics. The designs start simple enough (mostly just learning how to program flashing LEDs), but expand into movement, motion detection, and sound effects.
Use Your Phone Every Which Way
The representatives over at Bullz-i were very enthusiastic about their product: small rings that you can attach to the back of your phone. Easy to grasp, these rings are significantly easier to use than your typical PopSocket. My favorite part was the presentation of how these rings can be used in other ways. They can be affixed to a tripod to transform your phone into an easy podcast mic or table webcam, or given little add-ons (like a small basketball hoop so you can challenge your coworkers to a friendly game on your break). They're very versatile, and something I look forward to using.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Federal Education Minister Simon Birmingham wants smartphones banned from classrooms, saying they are a distraction and “a platform for bullying”.
• When our private lives become public on social media
The recent death of 14-year-old Amy “Dolly” Everett , a victim of cyber-bullying, has put the spotlight on the issue of access to social media and the harm it causes.
“There's almost no reason students shouldn't have their phones switched off and in their lockers while they're at school,” Senator Birmingham said.
“Although learning to work with technology is essential, phones can be a distraction from lessons and a platform for bullying unless schools have the right policies in place.”
Credit-card companies keep upping their travel-reward offerings to lure new customers, but there's more to that story. MagnifyMoney.com, a web site that gives advice on personal financial services, has a new study that shows the average number of points given in introductory offers is slightly higher than 40,000 in 2018 — more than double what was given 10 years ago. While the reward bonuses are on the rise, so are the annual fees charged for many cards. In 2008, the average fee was $74. Now it's $120. Hotel-branded cards tend to offer more points than airline-branded, but the redemption value per point tends to be lower. In 2018, the average introductory bonus for hotel cards is 60,000, while airline cards' offers average slightly more than 37,000. You can find more details from the study online at nwsdy.li/ravelsurvey.
Sign up for Newsday's Travel newsletter Plan small day trips, big getaways and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Three of the women who, in the Fall of 2016, accused Donald Trump of sexual assault have publicly called on Congress to investigate their allegations. The women are: Rachel Crooks, who accused Trump of kissing her on the lips without consent in 2005; Jessica Leeds, who accused Trump of moving his hand up her skirt decades ago; and Samantha Holvey, a former Miss North Carolina, who accused Trump of entering a dressing room to peek at undressed beauty contestants in 2006.
I tend to believe these women. Trump is on tape bragging about conduct similar to that described by Leeds and worse than that described by the other two. (According to some reports, he now questions whether it's his voice on the tape. However, during the election he raised no such question. Instead, he called the tape “locker room talk” and apologized for it).
It's understandable, moreover, that the women want their claims revisited. Recently, the mighty have fallen due to allegations of sexual misconduct. Why not President Trump, they must wonder.
The answer, I think, is that Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Al Franken, etc. were not elected president (or, in Franken's case, Senator) after allegations of sexual misconduct were leveled against them. Indeed, each assumed the position they were forced or pressured into giving up before they were publicly exposed as sexual harassers.
However, this distinction would not apply to Roy Moore, if he is elected to the Senate tomorrow. That's why I have said that GOP Senators who are calling him unfit to serve need to explain why the same isn't true of President Trump.
If Moore wins, he should not be investigated, in my opinion. However, the case for investigating the sexual misconduct allegations against him would be stronger than the case for investigating the ones against Trump.
Moore hopes to join the Senate. The Senate has an interest in policing its membership (though I don't think that, in this case, it outweighs the interest of Alabamans in being represented by the Senator of their choice). Trump does not seek membership in the Senate.
This doesn't mean the Senate can't investigate the claims of the three Trump accusers. But it needs not do so in the name of consistency and, in my view, shouldn't devote time and resources to investigating old claims of personal misconduct that were raised in the election and considered by the electorate.
The analysis would be different if the offenses to be investigated were impeachable ones. In this case, I don't think they are. The conduct described does not rise to the level of “high crimes and misdemeanors” as that phrase has been, and should be, understood.
Remember, the articles of impeachment against President Clinton approved by the House cited him with lying under oath to a federal grand jury and obstructing justice. (An additional article based on his answers to questions from the House Judiciary Committee failed). There were no charges based on sexual misconduct.
Nikki Haley is right. Trump's accusers should be heard. But not via a Senate investigation.
Fines for drivers waiting in the Juneau airport's yellow loading zone are about to quadruple.
That's following a recommendation from the airport's board to the Juneau Assembly to increase the $25 fine to $100.
Airport Board Chair David Epstein told the Assembly Monday evening that too many people idle in the active loading area while waiting for passengers to emerge from the terminal.
He noted there's a free cell phone lot he uses when he makes a pickup.
“When my wife comes back from a trip, I sit in the cell phone lot and she calls me when she's got her bags and is ready to be picked up. She proceeds out the front door and I exit the cell phone lot and we look for one another, she gets into the car and off we drive.”
City staff recommended only raising the fine to $50 and revisit the issue next year.
But a majority of Assembly members rejected that idea and voted to amend the city's code. The $100 fine can also be levied against vehicles left unattended along the yellow curb.
It takes effect in 30 days.
ERIE, Pa. (AP) - Police say a man is dead and a woman is in custody in what investigators are calling a homicide in northwestern Pennsylvania.
Erie police said they were called to a home on the city's east side at about 2:20 a.m. Sunday by a woman.
Police found a 44-year-old man dead in the home. A 44-year-old woman was arrested and was expected to be arraigned.
Police haven't said how they believe the man died or released the names of either person.
It is already known that the Galaxy S8 lineup will not be unveiled at the MWC 2017. Instead, the South Korean manufacturer will be announcing the Galaxy Tab S3 at the tech event. This doesn't mean that the company will not be revealing any significant information about the S8 at the event in Barcelona.
Going by a Korea Economic Daily report, Samsung will be revealing the launch date of its flagship smartphone lineup on February 27 at MWC. Earlier, we heard that the Galaxy S8 would be unveiled on March 29 and the release date is alleged to be April 21. Now, with the latest information on Samsung's plan to reveal the launch date at the MWC 2017, we can expect this to be true.
Also Read: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus: Everything we know so far
The upcoming flagship smartphone from the stable of the South Korean tech giant is expected to arrive with a slew of new feature and enhancements. As per the existing rumors and speculations, the device is said to arrive in two variants - Galaxy S8 with a 5.8-inch display and Galaxy S8+ with a 6.2-inch display. Both the models are said to feature a dual-curved edge display and employ the latest Snapdragon 835 processor.
In a couple of weeks, we can get to know the official date of when the Galaxy S8 could be unveiled. We can also expect a few more details also to be revealed at the tech event.
Ever since Intel and Micron announced 3D XPoint memory in 2015, the world has been waiting for the companies to use it to build memory sticks.
3D XPoint blends the properties of flash storage and DRAM memory. Like flash, it's persistent, retaining its value even when systems are powered down, and it's dense, with about ten times the density of DRAM. Like DRAM, it supports low latency random access. Intel also claimed that its write endurance is substantially better than that of flash. This combination of features created the prospect of memory sticks that look like DIMMs and appear to the system as if they're DDR4 RAM, but with much greater capacities, and with persistence: data written to "RAM" is retained permanently. Memory with these properties is exciting for a wide range of applications—for example, databases that no longer need to concern themselves with flushing data back to disk—and might one day provoke significant changes in the way operating systems and software are designed.
But while persistent memory was perhaps the most interesting application of 3D XPoint, the first products to hit the market were simply storage drives using "Optane" as their branding. There was a series of drives for enterprise customers, and some consumer-oriented M.2 sticks designed to be paired with a spinning disk to produce a high-speed hybrid. While 3D XPoint did offer some benefits over flash SSDs—in particular, the latency of the drives is significantly lower than that of comparable flash units, and the I/O performance is sustained even under heavy mixed read/write workloads—this wasn't quite the revolution that we were hoping for.
No longer. Today, Intel announced Intel Optane DC Persistent Memory. This is a series of DDR4 memory sticks (with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB) that use 3D XPoint instead of traditional DRAM cells. Result? The latency is a bit worse than real DDR 4, but they're persistent. Although they use the standard DDR4 form factor, they'll only be supported on Intel's next generation Xeon platform.
Intel is pitching the new memory as a way of greatly increase the amount of memory available to processors, and eliminating the latency that normally occurs when moving data from memory to persistent storage. This is valuable to a range of database-like and caching workloads. The persistence means that freshly booted servers no longer need to load terabytes of data into memory—it is, in effect, already there. Because persistent memory has such big implications for software developers, Intel will also have a scheme that gives developers (under NDA) remote access to machines using Optane Persistent Memory, so that they can develop and test software that takes advantage of its persistent capabilities.
Beyond this basic information, there's still a lot we don't know about Optane DC Persistent Memory: performance, endurance, power consumption, system/processor compatibility, all remain unknown at this point. Intel is also vague on the product's availability: wide availability is going to happen some time in 2019, but selected customers will be able to get their hands on it this year.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two friends on holiday in Las Vegas arrived in the city just as the terror of Sunday's mass shooting unfolded.
Ashleigh Smith and Laura Rowley, both from Crewe, arrived in Las Vegas in the midst of America's deadliest mass shooting in its history.
The pair were on their way to their hotel on the famous Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip) late on Sunday evening.
Little did they know that armed gunman Stephen Paddock, 64 had opened fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the Strip, towards an open-air music festival, killing 59 people and leaving more than 500 injured.
Ashleigh said: “We were on our way to our hotel, the Linq, at 10.30pm and we saw loads of ambulances. We managed to check in but literally walked across the road to the Flamingo Hotel and security locked it down.
“We'd arrived and got through the airport by the time of the shootings but if it has been an hour later, they would have locked the airport down and re-routed us.
“We didn't know what was going on until my dad messaged me to see if we were ok and we checked the TVs. The staff at the hotel really looked after us and kept everyone calm. Once we were allowed to leave, we were escorted back to our hotel by police, but the strip by then was practically deserted.
“Of course it's absolutely awful what has happened to all those people but we aren't going to let it ruin the rest of our holiday. There are lots of armed police about and it probably means we are going to be a lot safer on our trip now. Police have said all other hotels are open now apart from Mandalay Bay.
“We also saw on TV out here that President Trump will be visiting the city on Wednesday.”
Police are still working to establish the motive behind the shooting. Officers found 23 guns in his hotel room, as well as firearms and explosives at his Nevada home, but as yet, no clear reason for the killing has emerged.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of managing a brothel in Cambridge.
The men, aged 53 and 46, and a 31-year-old woman were arrested after a pre-planned raid at a property in Cornell Court, off Chieftain Way, Orchard Park at around 10.30am today (June 14).
Police had been gathering intelligence before raiding the property and were at the home for most of the day.
The suspects are now in custody at Parkside police station.
RECAP: Suspected brothel being raided by police in Cambridge
A man, who has lived in a nearby flat since 2012, told the News: "I saw a couple men in cuffs. A policeman told me it was something to do with the flat being rented out.
"They asked me if I'd seen any sex trade activities around the area. The flat is a holiday rental, most days it's got families in it.
"There were a couple police vans in here. It looked like a pretty big raid.”
The raid on the suspected brothel comes after police named another new development, CB1 at the rail station, as a centre for 'pop-up brothels'.
What can be done about the hidden pop-up brothels in Cambridge's CB1 development?
Another resident, a woman, said: “It started around 10.30am, police and their forensic team were here until about 3.30pm.
“I saw around five policemen at the bottom of a block of flats in Cornell Court, as well as some other people, but I'm not sure who they were because they were wearing ordinary clothing.”
Officers have visited more than 100 sex workers in an effort to stamp out sex trafficking in the city.
A Cambridgeshire police spokeswoman said: “A pre-planned warrant was executed this morning in Chieftain Way, Cambridge.
“Two men, aged 53 and 46, and a 31-year-old woman have all been arrested on suspicion of managing a brothel. They are currently in police custody at Parkside police station.”
Enter before midnight on Thursday, May 31 for the chance to win a pair of tickets to KXT Sun Sets feat. Lissie and Cameron Matthew Ray on Tuesday, June 5 at the Dallas Arboretum. A winner will be chosen and notified by 5pm CT on Friday, June 1. Official KXT contest rules can be found here. Good luck!
Fill out my online form
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Calls are mounting within Labor to end the live sheep trade in the Middle East as the Awassi Express looks set to embark on its next voyage later this week after complying with a ventilation improvement order.
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority imposed the order on the Emanuel Exports-chartered vessel after footage of 2400 sheep dying in filth and extreme heat on an August journey was broadcast earlier this month.
The operator must now lodge an export permit application with the federal Department of Agriculture and formally commit to additional conditions that have been imposed, including a 17.5 per cent reduction in sheep numbers.
If the department is satisfied, livestock will be loaded onto the ship in Fremantle port later this week.
Acting Labor leader Tanya Plibersek urged the federal government to consider a suspension in the northern hemisphere summer trade while a review ordered by federal Agriculture Minister David Littleproud is completed.
Labor's MP for Fremantle Josh Wilson wants the live sheep trade to stop completely, saying he's long been opposed to it along with people in his electorate.
"People in the Labor caucus understand my view, and I'm not alone," Mr Wilson told Sky News on Tuesday.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has strengthened his position on live exports since a recent visit to Perth, when he was coy on whether or not he supported a summer ban as sought by WA Agriculture Minister Alannah MacTiernan.
"Other politicians have looked at a summer ban. We'll work with the government to make sure this doesn't happen again," Mr Shorten told reporters a fortnight ago.
He backed a suspension last week.
"There are a number of people who have taken a view about the inherent cruelty in the long haul live export of sheep and I was really glad that Bill made that call," Mr Wilson said.
Federal Liberal MP Sussan Ley didn't change her mind about wanting to end long haul live exports altogether after discussions with farming groups on Monday.
New Orleans, Dec. 11, 2017 - Just in time for the holidays, researchers at the University of California, Irvine and other institutions are rolling out a new satellite-based drought severity index for climate watchers worldwide.
Relying on data from NASA's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment mission, the index adds terrestrial water storage (groundwater) to drought assessments, augmenting commonly used tools most often based on the amount of precipitation.
"Reliable information on the frequency and intensity of drought conditions is of utmost importance to climate and meteorological scientists and government officials - and to assess drought impacts on vegetation, food production and water resources," said Isabella Velicogna, UCI professor of Earth system science and co-author of a recently published paper describing the drought severity index in the Journal of Hydrometeorology. "This new tool provides for accurate and continuous drought monitoring, which is necessary for effective water management and impact assessment."
Velicogna and her colleagues are presenting their work related to the index at this week's American Geophysical Union fall meeting here.
The data set for the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment drought severity index covers 2002 to 2014 but will be extended with the ongoing current mission and the GRACE follow-on mission scheduled to be launched in early 2018. GRACE has been shown to accurately characterize drought events over the past decade on a par with such other metrics as the Palmer drought severity index and the standardized precipitation evapotranspiration index.
The GRACE-DSI is exceptionally reliable, according to Velicogna, because it's based solely on satellite gravity observations, which enables it to provide globally consistent drought monitoring, even in places where ground readings are difficult to obtain.
The twin GRACE satellites capture data from a large footprint of the Earth's surface, permitting both regional and global-scale drought monitoring. The new index tracks groundwater storage changes, which affect soil moisture recharge and drought recovery.
UCI researchers have evaluated the performance of the GRACE-DSI in the continental United States by comparing it to the Palmer index and others that measure alterations in vegetation growth and surface soil moisture. Velicogna said it showed significant agreement with the other indices, demonstrating its usefulness as a drought monitoring and assessment tool.
"This new technique allows the climate community to draw a more thorough picture of the impact of drought in any corner of the world," she said. "In the past, we had a way of assessing meteorological drought by keeping tabs on precipitation and surface water. With GRACE-DSI, we have the ability to better characterize hydrological drought, which factors in all the water in the system."
###
About the University of California, Irvine: Founded in 1965, UCI is the youngest member of the prestigious Association of American Universities. The campus has produced three Nobel laureates and is known for its academic achievement, premier research, innovation and anteater mascot. Led by Chancellor Howard Gillman, UCI has more than 30,000 students and offers 192 degree programs. It's located in one of the world's safest and most economically vibrant communities and is Orange County's second-largest employer, contributing $5 billion annually to the local economy. For more on UCI, visit http://www. uci. edu .
Media access: Radio programs/stations may, for a fee, use an on-campus ISDN line to interview UCI faculty and experts, subject to availability and university approval. For more UCI news, visit news.uci.edu. Additional resources for journalists may be found at communications.uci.edu/for-journalists.
NOTE TO EDITORS:
IMAGE AVAILABLE AT https:/ / news. uci. edu/ 2017/ 12/ 11/ uci-scientists-unveil-new-satellite-based-global-drought-severity-index/
Contact:
Brian Bell
949-824-8249
bpbell@uci.edu
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
London: Mohammad Amir has had some of the greatest and undoubtedly the worst days of his career in England -- sometimes during the very same match.
But fresh from helping bowl Pakistan to a crushing nine-wicket win over England in the first Test at Lord's, the left-arm paceman hopes he can enjoy the "best memory" with a series win in the second and final Test at Headingley, starting Friday.
Amir, who burst on the world scene as a teenager, got his name on the Lord's honours board with a six-wicket haul against England in 2010.
But in the same game at the 'home of cricket', Amir was caught up in a spot-fixing scandal at the which led to a jail sentence and a five-year ban.
That same season, Amir took three wickets for 20 runs in 11 overs at Headingley during a sensational bowling display as an Australia side featuring Ricky Ponting, Michael Clarke, Michael Hussey and Steven Smith were dismissed for just 88 in the first innings of the second 'neutral' Test.
The match, which Pakistan eventually won by three wickets, saw Amir stake a claim to 'The Ball of the 21st Century' when an all-but-unplayable delivery that pitched on the middle-and-leg stump of Mitchell Johnson seamed away late to clip the top of the left-hander's off-stump.
Amir, who helped Essex win the English County Championship last season when he also starred in Pakistan's outstanding one-day Champions Trophy final victory over arch-rivals India at The Oval, has rarely hit those Headingley heights in Test cricket since his return to the international stage two years ago.
Amir, however, took five wickets -- including four for 36 in the second innings -- as Pakistan outclassed England in all areas to win inside four days at Lord's on Sunday.
"It's a big achievement winning in Test cricket in England against England at home," Amir said on Wednesday.
"If we win the series I think it will be the best memory of my life," the swing bowler added.
- 'Block out the noise' -
Pakistan will be forced into a change, with Fakhar Zaman set to replace Babar Azam after his fellow batsman suffered a broken arm facing all-rounder Ben Stokes at Lord's.
England have recalled opener Keaton Jennings in place of the dropped Mark Stoneman, who managed just 13 runs in total at Lord's.
"You will only get judged on the amount of runs you score," said Jennings, one of Alastair Cook's 12 opening partners in the six years since Andrew Strauss's retirement.
England made a late addition to their squad, with uncapped left-arm seamer Sam Curran called up Wednesday after Stokes suffered a hamstring strain.
Regardless of Stokes's fitness, England may recall all-rounder Chris Woakes, if only to bolster their fallible batting, in place of fast bowler Mark Wood.
Despite their lamentable Lord's showing, James Anderson insisted England could bounce back by squaring the series at the Yorkshire home ground of captain Joe Root.
The team received a barrage of criticism after Lord's but Anderson, England's all-time leading Test wicket-taker, said: "The outside noise is always there, and it's a bit louder when you perform badly.
"We'll try to block out the noise -- from whoever is shouting out," he added, suggesting a "bit of a luck" may be all England need to improve on a run of six defeats in their last eight Tests.
If England is seeking inspiration, they could look to the Headingley example of the West Indies.
Last year, the tourists suffered a humiliating innings and 209-run defeat by England in the first Test at Edgbaston, only to enjoy a five-wicket victory in the second Test as Shai Hope became the first batsman to score hundreds in both innings of a first-class match at Headingley.
England, though, might settle for one century by any member of their faltering top order, let alone two, right now.
NASA has had a big problem since the agency triumphantly landed humans on the Moon nearly half a century ago. Namely, after the Apollo landings delivered a solid US victory in the Cold War, human exploration has no longer aligned with the strategic national interest. In other words, sending humans into space has represented a nice projection of soft power, but it has not been essential to America's domestic and foreign policy aims.
As a result, NASA's share of the federal budget has declined from just shy of five percent at the height of the Apollo program to less than 0.5 percent today. At the same time, NASA's mandate has grown to encompass a broad array of Earth science, planetary science, and other missions that consume more than half of the agency's budget.
With less buying power for human exploration, NASA has had to scale back its ambitions; and as a result, astronauts have not ventured more than a few hundred miles from Earth since 1972. Twice before, presidents have attempted to break free of low-Earth orbit by proposing a human return to the Moon, with eventual missions to Mars. President George H.W. Bush did so with the Space Exploration Initiative in 1989, on the 20th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing. And George W. Bush did so in 2004, with the Vision for Space Exploration. Neither of these were bad concepts—indeed, both offered bold, ambitious goals for the space agency—but they died due to a lack of commitment and funding.
On Monday, a third president, Donald Trump, announced that NASA will go back to the Moon and eventually send humans to Mars. In signing "Space Policy Directive-1," Trump committed NASA to send humans back to the Moon and then on to Mars. "This is a giant step," the president said during a ceremony that featured two astronauts who had walked on the Moon, Buzz Aldrin and Harrison Schmitt.
Monday's ceremony offered few details about how this policy will be implemented, when humans might go to the Moon, and how NASA will afford it. Presumably, those details will be worked out in the coming months, during future meetings of the National Space Council and in concert with NASA, which is still awaiting Senate confirmation of a new administrator. The White House has nominated Oklahoma Congressman Jim Bridenstine.
What happens next?
There are essentially three courses the National Space Council could take from here. The following is a brief summary of each pathway and where it might lead:
Status quo: This seems the most likely scenario, because it offers the path of the least resistance. NASA continues to spend $3 to $4 billion annually to develop the Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and Orion spacecraft, and the agency eventually gets enough funding to build its Deep Space Gateway facility in orbit around the Moon. This probably won't happen until the latter half of the 2020s. Under such a scenario, it is difficult to see NASA or its partner astronauts landing on the Moon before 2030, presuming the next president sticks with this plan. The big winners here would be contractors who support NASA's existing exploration plans, particularly Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
Big investment: Let's say President Trump really wants to send humans to the Moon. This is possible with the SLS rocket and Orion spacecraft—it's just not something NASA can afford right now with the budget limitations mentioned above. If the president were to add, say, $4 billion to NASA's exploration budget annually, the agency could expedite work on the Deep Space Gateway (or cancel it altogether) and move on to building lunar landers and surface habitats. There are private companies, such as Bigelow Aerospace and United Launch Alliance, already working on innovative concepts for human activities on the Moon. But, right now, those activities are beyond the scope of NASA's existing budget.
Go commercial: The use of fixed-price contracting has provided significant savings for NASA as it has sought to service the International Space Station. Companies such as SpaceX, Blue Origin, United Launch Alliance, and more are developing rockets and/or spacecraft capable of operating in and around the Moon for a significantly lower cost than the SLS rocket and Orion spacecraft. If NASA were to build its lunar program with fixed-price commercial contracts instead of developing its own rocket and spacecraft, the agency could probably afford lunar landings within the next decade. But, in all likelihood, the political will doesn't exist to push such a radically commercial program through Congress.
Devil in the details
Frankly, it's too early to pre-judge this announcement. President Trump has been in office for less than a year, and, by all accounts, Vice President Mike Pence has taken his leadership of the National Space Council seriously. His office has met with many of the key constituencies of the US aerospace industry, and Pence has visited each of the three key human spaceflight centers in Florida, Alabama, and Texas.
Space policy is not made overnight. We probably won't know for another six to 12 months whether this administration will make meaningful changes to space policy, or, aside from adding lunar landings on the way to Mars, more or less endorse the status quo. But if Trump is to make any significant changes in space policy, those changes can no longer come before the fiscal year 2019 budget, which would affect only the last two years of his presidency.
In short, unless this administration is taking a second term for granted, time is running out for it to meaningfully change the course of the US spaceflight program. Saying "we're going to the Moon!" is one thing. But if you're not building landers or investing heavily in Moon-centric hardware, the next president could just as easily switch course away from the Moon.
Gigi Hadid took her golden birthday to the next level with a perfectly color-coordinated outfit.
The model, who turned 23 on the April 23rd (otherwise known as a “golden birthday”) celebrated her special day with a huge star-studded bash at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge in N.Y.C. with her closest friends and family by her side.
In honor of Gigi's special day, the supermodel sported a metallic gold Versace mini dress, embellished see-through pumps and even a yellow gold manicure and eye shadow moment to match. And it looks like the supermodel's family members — sister Bella Hadid and mom Yolanda Hadid — decided to go with the gold theme for the night as well.
Bella, 21, added some subtle pops of the golden hue to her ensemble, which included a leopard print slip dress featuring gold embellishments, gold hoop earrings and $795 Giuseppe Zanotti gold sandals. She styled her hair in a high ponytail.
Splash News
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
Meanwhile, Yolanda, 54, dazzled in a long sleeved gold sequin dress paired with metallic gold pumps to celebrate her eldest daughter's birthday.
The rest of the Hadid crew, including Gigi's 18-year-old brother Anwar (with his girlfriend Nicola Peltz) and her dad Mohamed Hadid, 64, headed out to Brooklyn as well for the bash.
Getty (3)
RELATED PHOTOS: All About Gigi Hadid's Most Eye-Catching Makeup Moments, Ever
Gigi was joined by a slew of her close modeling friends for the event, including Martha Hunt, Hailey Baldwin, Joan Smalls and Cara Delevingne.
“Happy birthday my sweet love @gigihadid,” Smalls captioned a photobooth shot of herself, Baldwin and Gigi at the party.
Getty (2); BACKGRID
And that wasn't even all the stars that came out in honor of Gigi's golden birthday. Suki Waterhouse, Lily Aldridge and Olivia Culpo were spotted heading to the star's birthday party too.
Getty (2); Splash
And to top it all off, Queer Eye stars Jonthan Van Ness, Tan France and Antoni Porowski celebrated with their favorite supermodel.
In addition to throwing a lavish birthday celebration, Gigi was also greeted with a huge Venus et Fleur floral arrangement of white and pink roses that spelled out “GIGI.”
Raymond Hall/GC Images
Before the party, Bella shared sweet throwback photos of her older sister to wish her a happy 23rd.
“23 years ago the world was blessed with a little angel. Best friends since the moment you held me in the delivery room! You've been waiting for this day for your whole life…23!!!! Golden ! Just like u! At least once a day, I think and wonder how I got so lucky to have you as a sister. To have someone to teach me as I grow, to love me as I am, and to be together for every step of the way. I look at photos and watch videos of us growing up, and it just makes me smile/ 😭 because I know that I'd never be able to do this life without you. Nothing would be the same !!!! You are my comfort blanket, my idol, my confidant, my bbuilt-inbest friend, and, of course,
the best gift @yolanda.hadid and @mohamedhadid have ever given me… You too cheeto @anwarhadid ❤,” Bella wrote on Instagram.
“I am so proud of the woman you are, the ideas you have, the strength you have built, and the love you radiate. Thank you for being YOU!!! When you are truly you, no one can stop you!!!!! I love you more than you'll ever know ! There is no one I would rather spend this life with. My Forever muse and bfff(and ever and ever and ever) My sissy pantelones, The ONE!!!! I love you. @gigihadid,” she continued.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Town and city centres in Cambridgeshire will see an increased police presence this weekend ahead of England's World Cup quarter-final match.
Officers from Cambridgeshire Constabulary will be visiting pubs and bars on Saturday (July 7) to prevent anti-social behaviour.
There were jubilant scenes across the country yesterday (July 3) as the Three Lions beat Colombia in a tense penalty shoot-out.
Police in Cambridgeshire will maintain a "friendly presence" before and during Saturday's game against Sweden to ensure people drink sensibly and problem behaviour is dealt with.
(Image: Warren Gunn)
Superintendent Laura Hunt said: "We want everyone who goes out to watch an England match to do so without fear of violence or anti-social behaviour and so far I am happy with the way supporters have behaved.
"We want Saturday to be memorable for everyone for the right reasons so it's important that people drink sensibly.
"There will be a friendly police presence but any anti-social or illegal behaviour will be dealt with robustly."
Police officers have been working with pubs and partner agencies, including local authorities and the Crown Prosecution Service, to prevent any problems and take action if necessary.
A statement from Cambridgeshire Constabulary said there had been no major football-related issues so far in the tournament.
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
Before and during matches, officers will visit pubs and bars to ensure they are complying with their licensing obligations, including not selling alcohol to those who are drunk.
If officers believe someone could commit crime or cause disorder, they can use orders under Section 27 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act to remove them from an area for 48 hours.
They will also confiscate alcohol from children or from anyone drinking it in areas covered by a DPPO (Designated Public Places Order).Police, pubs, clubs and CCTV in Cambridge, Ely and Peterborough will be on a shared communications network enabling them to identify those in the area causing trouble and refuse entry.
Anyone who has concerns about a football-related event or potential public order problems should contact police on 101.
TOKYO: Two Syrian asylum seekers on Tuesday lost a bid to overturn a government decision to deny them refugee status, in the first such lawsuit in Japan since civil war erupted in the Middle Eastern state in 2011.
The Tokyo District Court upheld a government ruling made five years ago, that the pair's bid for asylum was not admissible under international refugee law.
“The world understands the Syrian situation – it's getting worse. But the Japanese court hasn't understood that at all,” one of the plaintiffs, Joude Youssef, told a news conference. Speaking in Arabic through a Japanese interpreter, Youssef said he planned to appeal the court's decision. The second asylum seeker was not at the news conference.
Lawyers said Youssef had the right to stay in Japan, under a humanitarian status that allows residency but not full refugee rights. It was not clear if the second plaintiff would appeal. Immigration and asylum are sensitive subjects in Japan, where many pride themselves on cultural and ethnic homogeneity even amid a shrinking population and the worst labor shortage since the 1970s. Youssef, a Kurd from the north of Syria, had applied for asylum in Japan in 2012, after saying he was persecuted for organising pro-democracy demonstrations.
The Japanese government rejected the claim a year later, saying he lacked proof of his involvement in protests in Syria. The second plaintiff had claimed asylum after refusing military service in Syria.
Although a major donor to international aid organisations, Japan has remained reluctant to take in refugees. It accepted only 20 last year, with a record 19,628 people applying for asylum.
Japan has said the majority of those seeking asylum do so for economic reasons. In January it limited asylum seekers' right to work, as it looks to stamp out what it calls the abuse of the asylum system.
More than 5.4 million people have fled from Syria since 2011, according to the UN refugee agency, with most seeking safety in other Middle Eastern countries and Europe.
Some 81 Syrians have sought asylum in Japan during that period, with only 12 awarded refugee status, the Justice Ministry said. Another 56 have been allowed to stay for humanitarian reasons.
"We did a good job all around on a lot of areas," Trotz said. "We cleaned a few things. There are some areas that we've still gone to adjust, but it was a step forward."
After killing off a penalty early in the second period, Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored his 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller's slick cross-ice pass.
Eller then set up Orpik, who last scored in the post-season all the way back in April 2014, on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1.
"Brooksy doesn't score a lot of goals, but that was a huge one," Eller said of the 37-year-old blue liner. "To have success in the playoffs you need every single guy chipping in."
Orpik wasn't available to the media after the game because he was getting stitches from the Capitals' medical staff.
"He's old-school," Washington forward T.J. Oshie said. "To see him get rewarded with a goal at a big time, it makes me feel good.
"I imagine he feels great."
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the post-season — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and made it 3-2 with 2:13 left in the second when Theodore scored his third on a seeing-eye snapshot from the point through traffic on a power play.
Vegas got a 5-on-3 man advantage for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third, but Holtby, who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final, managed to hold the fort.
"We had good looks," Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said. "We just need to be more selfish and shoot the puck. The plays were there."
Holtby then made that diving paddle stop on Tuch that will be replayed over and over.
"Thank God he's our goalie," Ovechkin said.
"I've got to bury that," Tuch lamented.
The Knights continued to push and pulled Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
The teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with his glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for his fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming inside eight minutes.
Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding his left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury. Trotz did not provide an update when asked about Kuznetsov's status at his press conference.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring his sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as he did in the first 50 post-season games of his career.
"The more I'm out there, the more I feel on the puck — better flow in my game," Eller said. "We were a little more on our toes tonight."
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final that year after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is expected to visit the White House Wednesday for a meeting with senior adviser Jared Kushner and US President Donald Trump about prison reform
According to Vanity Fair, Kardashian West and her attorney will be meeting with Kushner first to discuss prison reform before sitting down with Trump to discuss pardoning Alice Marie Johnson, a 62-year-old great-grandmother serving a life sentence without parole for a first-time drug offense.
Kardashian West came across Johnson's story in 2017 after watching a video produced by website Mic that discussed the case. Johnson, who was imprisoned for her involvement in a drug conspiracy, has served more than 21 years of her life sentence.
In a piece written for CNN, Johnson stated that she'd gotten "involved with people selling drugs" after she found herself jobless and dealing with the death of her youngest child. According to Johnson she acted as a "telephone mule" by passing messages between distributors and sellers.
"When I see a story like hers and I go back to maybe decisions we've all made that probably — maybe not at that caliber, but if you think about a decision that you've made in your life and you get life without the possibility of parole for your first-time nonviolent offense, there's just something so wrong with that," Kardashian West told Mic in an exclusive May interview.
© AP Photo / Photo by Joel C Ryan/Invision Kardashian's Sister Has Her 'Free Your Nipple' Moment Wearing Transparent Dress
She added that, if given the chance to speak with Trump, she'd "explain that just like everybody else, we can make choices in our lives that we're not proud of and that we don't think through all the way."
After watching the video, Kardashian West reached out to the president's daughter, Ivanka Trump, who in turn linked the reality star with her husband, Kushner, who has been on the side of prison reform ever since his own father, Charles, spent more than a year in a federal prison on charges of tax evasion, illegal campaign contributions and witness tampering, Variety reported.
During his time as Trump's adviser, Kushner has also pushed Congress to support the First Step Act, legislation that aims to help inmates re-enter society. The act has yet to be greenlit by Congress.
Though little information has been released about the meeting, Variety indicated that the 37-year-old Los Angeles native is expected to dine with Kushner and Ivanka after the presidential sit-down.
Kardashian West's attempt to convince Trump to pardon Johnson comes days after POTUS did the same for legendary boxer Jack Johnson. After meeting with the likes of Sylvester Stallone, Lennox Lewis and Deontay Wilder to discuss the matter on Thursday, Trump released a statement saying he was pleased to "correct a wrong that occured in our history."
Johnson was convicted in 1913 of violating the Mann Act, which made it illegal to take a woman across state lines for immoral purposes. It is widely believed that Johnson's conviction was more about his relationship with a white woman who later became his wife than actually committing a crime. The boxer served a year in prison.
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Queen Latifah will get the royal treatment at the upcoming American Black Film Festival Honors.
The Oscar-nominated actress is set to receive the Entertainment Icon award at this year's ceremony, to be held in Los Angeles on Friday. The star of “Star” on Fox says she is honored to receive the award.
“It means so much to me coming from fellow entertainers and my peers.”
Queen Latifah got her start as a rapper almost three decades ago. Besides her Oscar nod for “Chicago,” she's also been nominated twice in Emmy acting categories and won a Golden Globe.
Advertisement
The American Black Film Festival Honors will air on BET and Centric at 8 p.m. EST on Feb. 22. Other honorees include Terrence Howard. Actress Regina Hall will host the event.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Should children be given time off from school simply to recharge?
It's one idea from an Australian education blogger that is sparking debate among parents.
Clare Crew, a teacher and mum, said children being at school every day is not always necessary and that sometimes a child may benefit from a day off.
In Gloucestershire they have been stories of children being kept off school over a uniform row, because of bullying, or so a family holiday can be had while avoiding peak prices.
But those aren't the only issues Clare is talking about – she believes the odd day off to reconnect with family or to recharge anxious or tired batteries is a good thing.
On her Facebook page she said: “A day off school, or perhaps a handful, may be exactly what a child needs in order to return to the classroom bright eyed and bushy tailed. Or at the very least, a step ahead of where they would otherwise have been, dragging their feet every step of the way.
“We've been conditioned to believe that school is a must from Monday to Friday unless our child is unwell. That anything less is a failure on our part.”
She said as a teacher it is frustrating if students frequently miss school and can't learn if they are never there.
But she said: “School is not everything to a child. It's a place they go, a place where the majority of their time is spent. But there's a reason so many children enjoy the school holidays - it gives them that much-needed break from structure, from academic pressures, from restriction.
“All replaced by time to connect with loved ones and that delightful thing called freedom.
“School holidays are few and far between, sandwiched between months of frenetic work and expectation. Breathing space is incredibly beneficial during term time too.”
She said examples of when a child may need a day away include:
When a child is exhausted
When they want to ‘reconnect' with parents
When they are overwhelmed by starting a new school
A cry for help
When anxiety leads to exhaustion
Having an appointment in the day to save rushing after school
When family visit and they want to make memories
When parents can only get time off work in term time to go on holiday
poll loading Should children get more time off school? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Although appreciating the difficult of taking time off work as a parent for this, she said: “We need to let go of the fear that our child will fall behind with an occasional day off here and there.”
She said that fear is made the worst by schools and the government saying every day counts and that a day missed is a day of learning not had.
“This is where I disagree completely. The ability to learn comes firstly from a place of safety. For a child who's exhausted, who feels disconnected from their family, who is feeling flat after illness or who just doesn't feel valued at school, learning is already out of reach.”
She said the ‘whole child' needs more from life than what can be provided in the classroom. And that very idea leads me to the conclusion that school attendance is overrated.
“This doesn't make me a bad parent. It doesn't make be ignorant or neglectful. It makes me a connected parent. I'm reading my children's needs and knowing that on that particular day, school's just not going to cut it.”
Clare has a website and Facebook page .
New Delhi: Amid all the reports that have been doing rounds within the cricketing fraternity about four Ravichandran Ashwin and two others heading to England for County Championships, Ishant Sharma has come forth to clarify that he hasn't signed any such deal with any county.
It was earlier into the day that reports came about that Ravichandran Ashwin set all geared up to make his County debut this month when he dons the jersey of Worcestershire in a match against Gloucestershire on August 28. Apart from him, pacer Ishant Sharma will also feature for English county club Warwickshire, while Ravindra Jadeja is still in talks, the report stated.
READ: Ashwin set for County debut after being rested for Sri Lanka ODI, T20I series
Striking down all such reports, Ishant Sharma took to his official twitter page to announce that he hasn't yet signed any such deals with any county club. His tweet read as – "Contrary to the news rounds through various sites, have not signed Warwickshire or any other county."
Contrary to the news rounds through various sites, have not signed Warwickshire or any other county. — Ishant Sharma (@ImIshant) August 14, 2017
Others haven't confirmed yet, but if Ashwin says yes then it would turn out to be his first County stint. And ESPNcricinfo had earlier reported that the English club did show interest on the offie and expressed their delight ness on welcoming Ashwin. Adding to it, the offie might even be up against his Indian teammate Cheteshwar Pujara when Worcestershire takes on Nottinghamshire on September 5.
ROANOKE - Want to keep your kids active and outside this summer? Try Spartan Training with Ferguson Fitness. Hear from Anthony and Eve about the challenges and adventures they have in store this summer to keep kids active and engaged.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The former headteacher of a Cambridgeshire community college is being sentenced today after admitting fraud of more than £100,000, drinking alcohol on campus and having sex with another adult in his "specially adapted" school office.
James Stewart, who had served as principal of Sawtry Community College for almost 30 years, is at Huntingdon Crown Court (October 6) today to receive his sentence for the crimes.
His former vice principal, Alan Stevens, is also due to be sentenced at the same court after pleading guilty to two counts of fraud relating to expense claims in August this year at Peterborough Crown Court.
The full extent of the crimes were only revealed after a court order was lifted after Stevens' guilty pleas.
Criminal charges were brought against the pair in December 2014 after the Education Funding Agency investigated the school in July of that year. This investigation followed a June 2014 Ofsted inspection, which put the College into special measures.
Stewart pleaded guilty to charges brought against him in March 2017, including one misconduct in public office charge that stated he regularly had sex with an adult in his college office specially modified for this habit.
The misconduct charge also included the fact that he often drank alcoholic beverages on school property and kept others from meeting with him by shutting himself in his office for long periods of time, arriving late and leaving early for horse races and ski holidays abroad.
Stewart also pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud, including making false expense claims and unwarranted direct debit payments at Cambridge Crown Court. These totaled to more than £100,000.
Follow live updates on the sentencing below.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Youngsters from London are being turned into drug slaves by gang lords to push heroin and crack cocaine in Cambridge - prompting police action to rescue the children.
Known as ‘county lines', big city organised criminals are extending their business of drug dealing into new areas and our city is a major target for London gangs cashing in on drug addiction.
Cambridgeshire police has seen an increase in the crime and are highlighting the problem after it was revealed modern-day slavery and human trafficking (MSHT) in the UK is far more prevalent than previously thought, according to the National Crime Agency (NCA).
Police, who are urging families in the city to report any suspected drug activity, say the gangs use a phone number, known as a ‘drugs line', to contact their customers to sell class A drugs.
They often use youngsters to deliver their drugs, by paying them or by forcing them through “violence and grooming”, police said.
Known as ‘runners', the children - victims of human trafficking - are usually male and aged as young as 12.
They deliver drugs and collect cash on behalf of the dealers.
Adult drug or substance users, including vulnerable young boys and girls, are forced to help with the running of the county line. They may swallow drugs to avoid police finding them.
Human trafficking forms another part of this type of crime. Dealers will force young and vulnerable people into storing and supplying drugs.
Members of these organised crime groups target vulnerable people to handle drugs for them, to take away the risk of getting caught with drugs themselves.
Police in Cambridge are involved in a ‘cat and mouse' scenario with London drug dealers.
Turf wars and violence has been brought to the city by gangs from the capital.
They are trying to cash in on the trade by targeting vulnerable addicts and using their homes as boltholes.
Detective Inspector Billy Bremner, the force's tactical lead for county lines, said: “Along with a number of other forces in the country, Cambridgeshire is experiencing a rise in ‘county line' offences, where organised groups exploit people and get them to sell their drugs.
“Victims of these types of offences tend to be young and vulnerable people who are used as ‘runners' to deliver drugs and collect cash on behalf of the gangs.
“We have successfully cracked down on a number of county lines in Cambridgeshire where children were being exploited or a vulnerable person's home used.
“That work continues, but it is often the case that victims are not aware that they are being exploited or are too afraid to come forward.
“It's therefore vital that the public remain alert to the signs of county line activity and report any concerns or suspicious behaviour.”
Organised crime groups use violence to take over other groups to grow their drug business activities. They also use violence to make people pay off drug debt or for not paying their debts.
‘Beef' is common gang slang language, which means to have a grudge against someone and want to have a fight with that person.
Cambridge is one of the UK cities being targeted by detectives battling to crack the slavery trade.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has revealed that recent evidence of alleged modern slavery in the Cambridge area is among more than 300 live police operations across the UK on its books.
Rice Electronics has announced the launch of a Connected Worker Solution with Intel IoT technology.
“Designed to improve the safety and productivity of field workers in industrial environments, the end-to-end IoT solution using Rice Electronics smart devices along with Intel-based IoT gateways provides robust communication, near-real-time insight based on holistic analytics, and ease of use to support, protect, and optimize industrial workloads,” reads a statement provided to MMW.
Data is aggregated from various Rice Electronics' smart devices across an entire work site and forwarded to the cloud via an Intel Atom processor-based gateway. The gateway also filters data based on defined rules and conducts local edge analytics and visualization using Intel software. The solution also supports multiple connectivity protocols, including Wi-Fi and 3G.
Jason Celaya, vice president of IoT for Rice Electronics, says that the Connected Worker Solution was initially developed for clients that wanted to monitor the safety of their teams working in hazardous environments.
“Collaborating with Intel and integrating their IoT technology has allowed us to enhance the Connected Worker Solution to interact and collect sensory data at the edge while improving safety in the workplace, in a simple and easy to use kit,” Celaya says.
To learn more about the collaboration between Rice Electronics and Intel, click here.
Hope has been restored that the biggest fundraiser of the year for a Warwick football club could still go ahead after travellers leave the site.
On Tuesday evening travellers broke onto the Central Ajax Football Club site, which is on Hampton Road.
Club members were becoming increasingly concerned that their annual summer tournament, which is due to take place this weekend, would have to be cancelled because of the traveller encampments.
The tournament helps bring in thousands of pounds of revenue for the club and also sees around 1,000 children taking part over the weekend.
The travellers had created donuts on the football pitches, broken into storage containers, damaged equipment and broke into another container to use the club's spotlights.
The police were initially called on Tuesday evening and returned to the site yesterday morning (Wednesday).
By the afternoon officers had served a Section 61 notice, which meant that the travellers had to be off the site by 10am today (Thursday).
At around 8.30pm last night the Travellers began packing up and left the site.
A spokesperson from Central Ajax Football Club said: “We can confirm, we have regained control of Ajax Park.
“We have taken steps to secure the site and the hard work begins to prepare our tournament.
“We'll confirm times for supporting but we'd just like to thank everyone as the response has been overwhelming.
“We are also looking for a company to assist with permanently preventing this - so if any industrial fencing companies can assist, please get in touch...we need new gates.”
Club members will be assessing the site later this morning to see if the summer tournament can go ahead and a clean-up operation will then take place.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
Set several centuries in the future, the abandoned Alita is found in the scrapyard of Iron City by Ido, a compassionate cyber-doctor who takes the unconscious cyborg Alita to his clinic. When Alita awakens she has no memory of who she is, nor does she have any recognition of the world she finds herself in. Everything is new to Alita, every experience a first. As she learns to navigate her new life and the treacherous streets of Iron City, Ido tries to shield Alita from her mysterious past while her street-smart new friend, Hugo, offers instead to help trigger her memories. A growing affection develops between the two until deadly forces come after Alita and threaten her newfound relationships. It is then that Alita discovers she has extraordinary fighting abilities that could be used to save the friends and family she's grown to love. Determined to uncover the truth behind her origin, Alita sets out on a journey that will lead her to take on the injustices of this dark, corrupt world, and discover that one young woman can change the world in which she lives.
New Delhi: Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is about to finalise the final norms associated with crowdfunding, almost three years after first analysing the popular investment channel.
According to a report published in the business daily Mint, a limit of 25 percent will be set by the market regulator for the investors willing to invest through the crowdfunding channel.
The investors will also be asked to seek prior nod from the regulator before investing through such platform and relax disclosure norms.
The report quotes sources saying that any company that will be attracting investment of over 200 investors through crowdfunding mode will be exempt from the private placement norms of the Companies Act as well. The Sebi norms may ask such a company (with more than 200 investors) to make a public offer and get listed on a recognized stock exchange.
On August 3, a 10-member panel, headed by Manipal Global Education chairman T V Mohandas Pai, was set up to examine and advice Sebi and recommend about fintech solutions for further widening and deepening of Indian securities market through financing platforms, both traditional and alternative like peer-to-peer lending and equity crowd-funding.
What is crowdfunding?
Crowdfunding is the use of small amounts of capital from a large number of individuals to finance a new business venture. Crowdfunding makes use of the easy accessibility of vast networks of people through social media and crowdfunding websites to bring investors and entrepreneurs together.
In today's stressful and restless lives, it is actually becoming vital for everyone to go for a soothing and refreshing physique massage at the least as soon as within a month. The physique massage includes gentle pressing, rubbing and patting of several components on the body that revitalize the body and nurtures your power levels. Perhaps, a body massage is just to relieve the discomfort and give some rest to our restless body. A very good and soothing massage would re-energize the body and thoughts. Quite a few prefer to go for any massage if they've some kind of pains or aches; on the other hand, a message in instances of tension and restless periods also renders a superb level of positive aspects. Get a lot more information about massage Dubai
As massage act as a therapy and resolves several bodily challenges, it truly is usually advisable to understand the body metabolism and requirements just before resorting to a massage. Perhaps understanding your bodily demands would enrich the fruits in the therapy massage additional. Here, we are enlisting handful of recommendations or checklist that you simply must check on just before visiting a massage center.
• Check out the atmosphere on the physique massage center exactly where you happen to be going to receive the therapy. Much better go and pay a go to and meet your therapist well ahead of the massage.
• Program your day nicely prior to and take an abundance of water just before few days of massage.
• Do not consume something just before the therapy and don't pack your day with a lot of other deeds as this would reduce the pleasure and post effects of massage.
• Go over your well being history with all the masseuse. Either you share together with your therapist personally or share it over an e-mail.
• We advise you to have a private conversation with the therapist should you have any acute wellness problems that will need unique care during the massage.
• Don't go to get a massage should you be sick and in the event the disease is spreadable; then please usually do not visit the massage center.
• Do take a bath ahead of going for the massage. Possessing a shower would enrich your massage experience and will make your therapist additional comfortable.
• In case you are a massage newbie please maintain bodily hygiene as this could enhance the positive aspects of the massage.
• In case you need to have any unique therapy for limbs, muscles or certain physique components do communicate for your therapist. Very good communication about your bodily needs is need to for a soothing and refreshing massage.
Apart from the above, undergo the distinctive types of therapies obtainable along with your body massage center. This would enable you to in selecting the therapy which you would need at that point of time.
By The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Dubai's ruler has announced that the sheikhdom which is home to the world's tallest skyscraper will build a new 1,400-berth marina and massive lighthouse along its coast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum made the surprise announcement Monday about the Dubai Harbor.
The harbor is planned to be over 20 million square feet (1.86 million square meters) and will include a cruise ship port and terminal. The project also will include a 135-meter- (443-foot-) tall lighthouse.
Meraas, a developer backed by Sheikh Mohammed, will build the project between Dubai's Jumeirah Beach Residence neighborhood and the man-made Palm Jumeirah archipelago.
Authorities offered no cost estimates for the project.
Dubai is the commercial hub of the United Arab Emirates, an oil-producing nation squeezed in recent months by low crude prices.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
STARKVILLE, Miss. (AP) - The Morgan William of March has arrived. That makes Mississippi State a pretty tough basketball team during the season's most important stretch.
William scored 17 points - hitting several clutch shots and playing lockdown perimeter defense - to help lead top-seed Mississippi State over Oklahoma State 71-56 in the second-round of the NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
"I thought Morgan dictated the whole game," Mississippi State coach Vic Schaefer said. "She controlled the pace. She ran when we wanted to run and she kept them from running."
Victoria Vivians led the Bulldogs with 23 points and Teaira McCowan had a big game with 21 points and 18 rebounds. Those two things were expected - but William's emergence as an offensive threat helped Mississippi State separate from the Cowgirls during an intense game.
"I was just trying to be another threat on the court," William said. "I was playing hard on the defensive end and I felt like I could reward myself a little by shooting."
The Bulldogs advanced to the Sweet 16 for a third-straight season.
William was the darling of last year's NCAA Tournament, hitting the game-winning jumper at the buzzer to beat mighty UConn in the Final Four. She also scored 41 points in the Elite Eight against Baylor.
The 5-foot-5 senior guard's numbers have been a little down throughout most of this season, though that's more because of the emergence of other players than anything she's doing wrong. She's averaging less than eight points per game.
But on Monday night, William was one of the most important people on the court, playing with boundless energy on both ends.
"She's the energizer," Vivians said. "If she's out there giving us energy then we feed off them and want to give that energy back. We play behind them. I feel her coming out amped like that just gave us the mojo to do something good."
Mississippi State had a 41-31 rebounding advantage. McCowan scored 17 of her 21 points in the second half and shot 8 of 12 from the field.
Oklahoma State (21-11) was hurt when starting guard Loryn Goodwin picked up her fourth foul with 4:39 remaining in the third quarter. She stayed in the game, but her defensive presence was limited and that was around the time that Mississippi State went on a 10-2 lead to open up a 51-43 advantage.
William made a jumper a few seconds before the third-quarter buzzer to give the Bulldogs their biggest lead in the game at 55-45 and they slowly pulled away.
Oklahoma State, the No. 9 seed, was led by Kaylee Jensen's 18 points. Goodwin added 14 points, nine rebounds and eight assists.
"We got beat by a really good basketball team," Oklahoma State coach Jim Littell said. "We got worn down a little bit. They hurt us on the glass."
Oklahoma State pushed to an early 20-12 lead late in the first quarter, but Mississippi State rallied and the rest of the first half was extremely close. The Bulldogs took a 35-34 advantage into halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State: The Cowgirls were in the game for most of three quarters, but couldn't match the Bulldogs down the stretch. Jensen and Goodwin were very good in their final college games, but it wasn't enough.
Mississippi State: The Bulldogs won thanks to a gritty defensive effort in the second half and huge games from Vivians, McCowan and William.
UP NEXT
Mississippi State advances to face N.C. State in the Sweet 16 in Kansas City.
___
Follow David Brandt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/davidbrandtAP .
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Virginia knows Duke quarterback Daniel Jones is a different — and more improved — player than he was a year ago.
Jones was just a freshman last season when Virginia travelled to Duke, and the Cavaliers' plan to pressure and rattle the young quarterback worked. He threw five interceptions and fumbled the ball away once, and in a season when the Cavalier won just one other game, they rolled over the Blue Devils, 34-20.
"Last year he was young but he's gotten a lot of experience," defensive end Juwan Moye said this week. "He likes to run a lot. He's really confident in his game. He's a solid piece. Like last year we knew that if we got to him we could own the game. I think we're going to have the same game plan, but he's going to be a lot tougher."
The Cavaliers (3-1, 0-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) look to be as well. They are off to their best start after four games in a decade, but have no expectations that it will be an easy game against Duke (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday.
Jones has 172 rushing yards, third on the Blue Devils, and has run for three touchdowns.
But Virginia is feeling better about itself than it has in quite some time. The Cavaliers are coming off a 42-23 victory at Boise State two weeks ago — the Broncos' worst home loss in 16 years — and had last weekend off.
Their play has gotten the attention of coach David Cutcliffe and his players.
"We have reason to prepare well, because they're a solid football team with a quarterback playing well," Curcliffe said, speaking of Kurt Benkert. "They've got a running game, they've got skill people. ... They're very systematic, do a good job of it. Defensively, they are as consistent with their system as anybody we will play."
As for Jones, Cutcliffe's approach is pretty much that that was last year.
"You know he knows in his mind what happened and he wants to prove himself and play better," he said. "What Daniel's got to do is make sure the people around him are in position to make plays and just do what he does best."
Last week, Anne Arundel Medical Center, Leadership Anne Arundel, Anne Arundel County Executive Steve Schuh, and the Anne Arundel County Fire Department introduced life-saving technology in Anne Arundel County via the PulsePoint app. The event was held at Anne Arundel Medical Center and was highlighted by messages from David Jackson, class of 2015, Leadership Anne Arundel; Dr. Jerry Segal, medical director of cardiovascular services, Anne Arundel Medical Center; Allan C. Graves, fire chief, Anne Arundel County; and Steve Schuh, county executive for Anne Arundel County. Speakers detailed the benefits of the mobile app, which alerts CPR-trained citizens of cardiac events in their vicinity so they may administer aid.
The app also notifies users of the closest available Automated External Defibrillator (AED). Early application of bystander CPR and rapid defibrillation from an AED have proven to be crucial in improving a person's chance of surviving sudden cardiac arrest. PulsePoint is not limited to emergency responders or those with official CPR certification, anyone trained in CPR can use the app.
“Leadership Anne Arundel decided to invest in PulsePoint as a project in 2015 and through the support of Anne Arundel Medical Center, we now have this app available through the Anne Arundel County dispatch,” said Jackson. “We're looking forward to it saving lives.”
“Bystander CPR increases the survival rate of patients by threefold overall,” said Dr. Segal. “PuslePoint will make a huge difference in terms of overall survival in our community and helping our patients at Anne Arundel Medical Center. The goal is to get these patients to our cardiac catheterization laboratory where our team is available 24/7 …”
“Bringing PulsePoint and the AED registry to the region significantly strengthens the chain of survival in our community,” said Chief Graves. “It gives our residents and visitors the ability to know when a cardiac arrest is occurring close by, identifies AEDs in the area, so they could perform potentially lifesaving CPR while our personnel respond to the scene. Throughout the year, we process nearly 80,000 incidents, including more than 500 cardiac arrest events.”
“By directly alerting those who are qualified and nearby, possibly in the business next door or on the floor above, PulsePoint is able to put the right people in the right place at the right time,” said Richard Price, president of the California-based 501(c)(3) nonprofit PulsePoint Foundation.
“The project expands PulsePoint coverage to the 500,000 residents of Anne Arundel County covered by two fire agencies,” said Chief Graves. “The local system will also be supported by large numbers of existing PulsePoint users already in the region including Howard County, Prince George County and Washington, DC.”
The PulsePoint app is available for iPhone and Android and can be downloaded FREE from the iTunes Store and Google Play.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Activists burned U.S. and Israeli flags in front of the American embassy in Jakarta on Monday in a fourth day of protests in Indonesia against President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Several hundred protesters from an Islamic youth group rallied outside the embassy, burning flags and images of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu.
Wearing white robes, the protesters unfurled banners reading “U.S. Embassy, Get Out from Al-Quds” and “We are with the Palestinians.” Al-Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem, the historic Middle East city that is a holy site for Jews, Christians and Muslims.
A weekend protest at the embassy attracted several thousand people and similar protests have been held in other cities around Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation.
Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo has strongly condemned Trump's move, which he described as a violation of U.N. resolutions.
Indonesia does not have diplomatic ties with Israel and has long been a strong supporter of Palestinian aspirations for statehood.
Trump's announcement Wednesday overturned decades of U.S. policy, and a longstanding international consensus, that the fate of Jerusalem be decided as a part of a peace deal between Israel and Palestine.
Israeli and Palestinian claims to the city's eastern sector form the core of their conflict, and Trump's announcement was seen as siding with the Israelis.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Working to raise awareness about hundreds of threatened species across Long Island and the state, an environmental group has announced an initiative to make the State Wildlife Action Plan available live online.
Developed by the Group for the East End with state data and original content, the site, at www.nyswap.org, brings up-to-date information from the action plan about the status of 597 species statewide and 366 considered of “greatest conservation need.”
Of those, 166 are considered high-priority species, said Robert DeLuca, president of the Group for the East End, which introduced the site at the Hallock State Park in Jamesport on Thursday.
The Pine Barrens Society, the Nature Conservancy, and the Atlantic Marine Conservation Society also attended in support of the program.
“It just really struck me that even though I was in this business for how many years, I just really never connected the dots to say it's not just like there are four or five endangered species we have to worry about here,” DeLuca said. “There's an entire regional ecosystem that's showing signs of stress.”
The Long Island Community Foundation provided support for the effort.
The most threatened species are “not doing so well” and “may not be here in 10 years if we don't help them out,” DeLuca said.
Among those featured on the site: the American black duck, hard clam, box turtle, piping plover, barn owl and horseshoe crab.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The group has designed the site to “inspire individual action, private and governmental cooperation, innovative management and restoration projects, and an appreciation for the remarkable and vulnerable wildlife diversity that we have enjoyed and relied upon for centuries.”
State Sen. Kenneth LaValle (R-Port Jefferson) noted the project comes at a time when the public is “more into protecting the habitat” and are “more sensitive about the environment.”
“You have my full support,” he said.
Assemb. Fred Thiele (I-Sag Harbor) said the initiative was important, educating the public about the status and efforts to save threatened species.
Carrie Meek Gallagher, regional director on Long Island for the Department of Environmental Conservation, applauded the effort, noting the state “relies heavily on our partners for conservation.” She noted that much of the monitoring and care of threatened species is done by private entities such as the Group for the East End.
The Los Angeles Fire Department battled and extinguished a two-story house fire on Friday night, Dec. 8. No injuries were reported.
The fire was first reported at approximately 10:08 p.m. at 2287 N. Mandeville Canyon Road, with heavy smoke showing from the second floor.
LAFD reported the fire knocked down at approximately 10:44 p.m. by 62 firefighters in 35 minutes. Firefighters battled flames on the second floor that extended through the roof. A helicopter was used for observation due to location in the brush area with no extension.
The cause of the fire is under investigation and the total loss is still being determined. The Skirball Fire is still burning nearby, but it is not clear if it is connected to this house fire.
EAST HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) – East Haven Police say they've arrested 31-year-old Brian McInerney for sexual assault.
He was in court Tuesday morning and charged with first degree sexual assault. The arrest stems from an investigation after a woman filed a complaint with police.
The woman told investigators McInerney is an acquaintance who invited her to his house for a party. However, no one else was at the party.
The unwanted contact happened Monday, April 10, 2017.
McInerney was held on a $75,000 bond.
A Flash Flood Watch is in effect until until 9 p.m. for Harris, Brazoria, Fort Bend, Galveston, Waller, Wharton, Chambers, Austin, Colorado, Jackson and Matagorda counties.
A Flash Flood Warning is in effect until until 3:45 PM this afternoon for Austin & Colorado counties.
Several freeways and streets are flooding and dozens of vehicles are stranded. If you don't need to get out, stay home until the flooding threat passes.
Several bayous and creeks are very high, but so far no overbanks flooding, according to Jeff Lindner with Harris County Flood Control.
Avoid travel across central and west Harris County. Numerous roads are impassable. Several bayous and creeks are very high, but so far no overbanks flooding. Continue to monitor bayou conditions at https://t.co/NT5Ead7hWd #houwx #hounews — Jeff Lindner (@JeffLindner1) July 4, 2018
KHOU 11 Meteorologist Brooks Garner says heavy rain will continue in parts of town through the afternoon, washing out some of your July 4th events.
Freedom Over Texas has canceled all concerts and no one will be allowed on the site. The fireworks show will go on as planned so you can watch it on TV or from your home if you live close by.
List: Houston-area freeways/roads with high water
Weather Update: Watch Meteorologist Brooks Garner on Facebook
Street flooding is reported in several parts of town, including 288 South at Southmore. Avoid the South Freeway if you can.
Live Video: Watch freeway camera video from Houston TranStar
Related: Canceled July 4th events in Houston
Radar: Track the rain & storms
The National Weather Service has also issued a flood advisory until 11:45 a.m. for parts of Harris and Galveston counties. Minor street flooding is possible, especially on frontage roads southeast of Houston.
Some areas had already seen four inches of rain from Tuesday night's showers.
High temps will reach the upper-80s today but could be cooler if you get some rain.
There is a 70 percent rain chance Wednesday, 30 percent Thursday and 40 percent on Friday. Scattered rain continues this weekend, too.
© 2018 KHOU
Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog
Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD.O) on Tuesday reported a 25 percent drop in first-quarter profit as fewer patients were treated with its flagship drugs for hepatitis C, sending shares of the biotechnology company down 2.5 percent.
After one-time items, Gilead earned $2.23 a share, falling short of the $2.28 forecast by Wall Street analysts, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The miss "was driven by lighter revenues, higher R&D (research and development), and higher tax," offset by a litigation gain, according to Mizuho analyst Salim Syed.
Quarterly sales of hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi, Harvoni and Epclusa totaled $2.6 billion, down from $4.3 billion a year earlier. Analysts had forecast hepatitis C sales of $2.65 billion.
Gilead warned earlier this year that sales of the high-priced drugs were declining due to a combination of fewer patients being deemed eligible for treatment and growing competition from other drugmakers.
Sales of other antiviral products, including Gilead's other main franchise of HIV drugs, rose to $3.3 billion from $2.9 billion for the same period in 2016.
The company's first-quarter net income fell to $2.7 billion from $3.6 billion a year earlier.
Gilead Chief Executive Officer John Milligan told analysts on a conference call that 2017 "is progressing as we expected," with the number of patients started on hepatitis C treatments dropping off following an initial "rapid increase in the number of patients treated and cured."
He said Gilead, with $34 billion in cash at the end of March, continues to explore "making partnerships and potential acquisitions."
U.S. President Donald Trump has called for bringing corporate profits being held offshore by multinationals into the country at a tax rate well below the 35 percent now owed on "repatriated" earnings, but Milligan downplayed the influence of such efforts on Gilead's strategy.
"There may be tax reform," Milligan said. "There may be repatriation - but we can't count on it or wait for it."
Overall revenue for the quarter fell to $6.5 billion from $7.8 billion.
It is "shocking to see continued and even accelerating (sales) decline," said Leerink analyst Geoffrey Porges.
The company repeated its previous forecast for 2017 product sales of $22.5 billion to $24.5 billion.
Shares of Gilead were down 2.5 percent at $66.85 in after-hours trading.
(Reporting by Deena Beasley in Los Angeles; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
LONDON, April 10 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - World emissions must peak by 2020 and decline soon after that if countries are to achieve their Paris climate goals and prevent global warming from spiralling to harmful levels, a former U.N. climate chief said on Monday.
Under the Paris Agreement, countries pledged to keep global average temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net zero in the second half of the century.
"In order to be a decarbonised economy by 2050, we have to bend the (emissions) curve by 2020," said Christiana Figueres.
"Not only is it urgent and necessary, but actually we are very nicely on our way to achieving it," she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation before launching a campaign to get governments, businesses, investors and other sectors behind a 2020 deadline.
The energy sector is well on its way to switching to renewable energy sources, while transport is picking up the pace, Figueres said.
Carbon dioxide emissions from the energy sector have stayed flat for the last three years, even while the global economy has continued to grow, as countries adopted cleaner energy sources, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
India, Norway and Germany all aim to switch completely to electric cars by 2030.
At least $1 trillion needs to be invested in clean technologies globally by 2020, said Figueres, who finished her term as executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change in July.
"The fact is that we're moving in the right direction," she said, adding that green bonds alone are predicted to reach $200 billion this year.
Figueres said clean technologies are cheaper and carry a lower financial risk than those based around fossil fuel use.
And cutting emissions has many short-term benefits such as better health, job creation, and food, water and energy security, she added.
Heavy industry and land use including farming and forestry are two sectors lagging behind in cutting emissions, she noted.
"It is absolutely a no-brainer to restore degraded lands because it's cheap and helps with food security and avoidance of forced migration," she said. "We know how to do it ... Scaling up on that is going to be the difficulty."
EMISSIONS DOWN, GROWTH UP
Ahead of the "Mission 2020" campaign launch, Erik Solheim, executive director of the U.N. Environment Programme, said the world had made "remarkable progress" in fighting climate change.
"We know the problem and we know the solutions, but we are not out of danger yet," he added in a statement.
IEA executive director Fatih Birol said an early peak of emissions around 2020 is "critical", and is "well within reach with existing technology and proven policies".
Britain, meanwhile, has both cut its emissions and grown its economy more than any other G7 country over a 25-year period, the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit (ECIU) said on Monday.
In 2014 – the most recent year for which there are full figures across the G7 – the UK's greenhouse gas emissions per capita were 33 percent lower than in 1992, while GDP per capita was 130 percent higher, the London-based ECIU said.
Emissions fell mainly because the country switched from coal to gas to generate electricity, introduced energy efficiency schemes to cut demand, and shifted to a more service-based economy, the ECIU said in a report.
"If you have consistent policymaking and cross-party consensus, it's perfectly possible to get richer and cleaner at the same time," said ECIU director Richard Black. "Britain isn't the only country that's done it - it's true for most of the G7."
TRUMP AND PARIS
Earlier this month, U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order to roll back climate change regulations ushered in by his predecessor Barack Obama, and in his election campaign vowed to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement.
Whether it would be better for the United States to stay in the accord is not a "black and white situation", said Figueres.
If the United States remains, there is "full participation", but if it leaves "it perhaps allows all the other countries to move forward more quickly", she said. (Reporting by Alex Whiting @Alexwhi; editing by Megan Rowling.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
The Santa Monica College John Drescher Planetarium invites residents to view three upcoming feature shows, as well as the popular Night Sky Show on Friday evenings in April.
Starting at 7 p.m., “The Night Sky Show” offers the latest news in astronomy and space exploration and a family-friendly tour of the constellations. Questions are welcomed.
On April 21, the feature show “Galaxies, Galaxies, Everywhere!” will follow the Night Sky Show at 8 p.m. After Edwin Hubble determined that the spiral nebulae were star cities comparable to our own Milky Way, the study of galaxies became a research hotbed. Today, one can “hear” the radio voices and “see” gamma and X rays from the energetic cores of galaxies millions of light years away.
On April 28 and May 12, the “Summer Star Party Planner” will be featured at 8 p.m. Gatherings of amateur astronomers to observe the evening sky are called “star parties,” and summer presents good opportunities for beginners to attend these events without having to deal with winter's cold and travel hazards. Attendees will be clued in on where and when to go, and what to bring to be a welcomed star party visitor and participant. Visitors can sign up for information on joining a group of amateur astronomers at a dark site in July.
0 Judge gives man 50 years over $1.2 million in stolen fajitas
BROWNSVILLE, Texas - An unexpected doctor's appointment -- and 800 pounds of fajitas -- proved to be Gilberto Escamilla's undoing.
Escamilla, 53, of Brownsville, Texas, was sentenced Friday to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to theft by a public servant, according to the Brownsville Herald. Escamilla is a former employee of the Cameron County juvenile detention center.
Prosecutors said Escamilla spent nine years scamming the county by ordering fajitas for the Darrel B. Hester Juvenile Detention Center, then intercepting the orders and selling them to his own customers. He was caught in August 2017 when he missed a shipment due to a doctor's appointment.
Other employees of the detention center were baffled when a delivery driver showed up with 800 pounds of fajitas, a dish that is not served in their kitchen. The driver told them he had been delivering the Mexican specialty to the facility since 2008.
“It was selfish,” Escamilla said during his sentencing hearing on Friday, according to the Herald. “It started small and got bigger and out of control. It got to the point where I couldn't control it anymore.”
>> Read more trending news
Cameron County Assistant District Attorney Peter Gilman requested the stiff sentence to send a message to public servants willing to steal from taxpayers, the Herald reported.
“We feel a strong message should be sent,” Gilman said.
Under Texas law, Escamilla faced up to 99 years in prison for the first-degree felony, NBC News reported. Theft of property becomes a first-degree felony when a person steals property valued at $200,000 or more.
An additional theft charge against the defendant was dismissed as part of an earlier plea deal.
Escamilla was fired Aug. 8 and arrested at his home, where investigators found packages of fajitas in his refrigerator. The detectives were able to track down some of his customers, who cooperated with the investigation.
Escamilla was given a moment to tell his family goodbye before being escorted from court Friday, the Herald reported. He was taken to the Cameron County Jail to await transfer into the state prison system.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
Many exoplanets to be found by coming high-powered telescopes will probably be tidally locked -- with one side permanently facing their host star -- according to new research by astronomer Rory Barnes of the University of Washington.
Barnes, a UW assistant professor of astronomy and astrobiology, arrived at the finding by questioning the long-held assumption that only those stars that are much smaller and dimmer than the sun could host orbiting planets that were in synchronous orbit, or tidally locked, as the moon is with the Earth. His paper, "Tidal Locking of Habitable Exoplanets," has been accepted for publication by the journal Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy.
Tidal locking results when there is no side-to-side momentum between a body in space and its gravitational partner and they become fixed in their embrace. Tidally locked bodies such as the Earth and moon are in synchronous rotation, meaning that each takes exactly as long to rotate around its own axis as it does to revolve around its host star or gravitational partner. The moon takes 27 days to rotate once on its axis, and 27 days to orbit the Earth once.
The moon is thought to have been created by a Mars-sized celestial body slamming into the young Earth at an angle that set the world spinning initially with approximately 12-hour days.
"The possibility of tidal locking is an old idea, but nobody had ever gone through it systematically," said Barnes, who is affiliated with the UW-based Virtual Planetary Laboratory.
In the past, he said, researchers tended to use that 12-hour estimation of Earth's rotation period to model exoplanet behavior, asking, for example, how long an Earthlike exoplanet with a similar orbital spin might take to become tidally locked.
"What I did was say, maybe there are other possibilities -- you could have slower or faster initial rotation periods," Barnes said. "You could have planets larger than Earth, or planets with eccentric orbits -- so by exploring that larger parameter space, you find that in fact the old ideas were very limited, there was just one outcome there."
"Planetary formation models, however, suggest the initial rotation of a planet could be much larger than several hours, perhaps even several weeks," Barnes said. "And so when you explore that range, what you find is that there's a possibility for a lot more exoplanets to be tidally locked. For example, if Earth formed with no moon and with an initial 'day' that was four days long, one model predicts Earth would be tidally locked to the sun by now."
Barnes writes: "These results suggest that the process of tidal locking is a major factor in the evolution of most of the potentially habitable exoplanets to be discovered in the near future."
Being tidally locked was once thought to lead to such extremes of climate as to eliminate any possibility of life, but astronomers have since reasoned that the presence of an atmosphere with winds blowing across a planet's surface could mitigate these effects and allow for moderate climates and life.
Barnes said he also considered the planets that will likely be discovered by NASA's next planet-hunting satellite, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite or TESS, and found that every potentially habitable planet it will detect will likely be tidally locked.
Even if astronomers discover the long-sought Earth "twin" orbiting a virtual twin of the sun, that world may be tidally locked.
"I think the biggest implication going forward," Barnes said, "is that as we search for life on any exoplanets we need to know if a planet is tidally locked or not."
###
The research was funded by a NASA grant through the Virtual Planetary Laboratory.
###
For more information, contact Barnes at 206-543-8979 or rory@astro.washington.edu.
Don't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil. (You'll be giving us a present too!)
Pramod Premi and Neha Shree starrer 'Chana Jor Garam' becomes first superhit film of 2018
New Delhi: Bhojpuri superstars Pramod Premi and Neha Shree starrer 'Chana Jor Garam' that released last month, have become the first superhit Bhojpuri film of 2018.
Based on the concept of Nag and Naagin, Chana Jor Garam directed by Ritesh Thakur has an unusual storyline. The film is about a love triangle between humans and an Icchadhari Naagin, inspired by the Hindi Tv shows and Bollywood movies.
Poonam essays the character of the Naagin in the film.
Chana Jor Garam promises fascinating visuals that have never been seen in Bhojpuri cinema before.
The trailer of the film which was unveiled last year got massive response from viewers and it looks likely that it will draw huge crowds to the theatres.
This will mark the acting debut of singer Pramod Premi.
Produced by Neha Shree, the film has been presented under the Neha Shree Entertainment. Filmmaker Thakur has composed the songs in the film that have been penned by Fanindra Rao, Arun Bihari and Vibhakar Pandey.
JOHANNESBURG - Harmony Gold said it would consider all options to fund the Wafi-Golpu mine in Papua New Guinea after an updated feasibility study released yesterday found it would spend $1billion (R12bn) less on capital expenditure for the project.
Harmony Gold chief financial officer Frank Abbott said the company would make a decision in the next 12 months as it waited for the Papua New Guinea government to award the permit.
Harmony, the third-largest gold producer, jointly owns Wafi-Golpu, the greenfield gold and copper project with Newcrest, Australia's biggest gold-mining house.
“We believe the updated feasibility study is more fundable than the previous one. If you look at our capital expenditure that is required, we can easily fund for the first three years,” Abbott said.
The updated feasibility estimated the project's net present value to have increased 33percent to $2.6bn from the $1.1bn projected in 2016.
It said the project would likely generate free cash flows averaging $900million a year in the first 10 years of steady-state production. It also estimated an 18percent internal rate of return.
Peter Steenkamp, the chief executive of Harmony Gold, said yesterday that project economics set out in the updated study demonstrated significant free cash-flow generation.
Steenkamp also said the company was looking forward to working with the Papua New Guinean government during the permitting process, “which was a critical step in advancing this important project in the best interests of our shareholders and Papua New Guineans”.
Harmony said earlier this month that it had received regulatory approval in support of its acquisition of the Hidden Valley mine in Papua New Guinea. The transaction was now complete.
- BUSINESS REPORT
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) - Prosecutors are reviewing charges against a man held for fatally stabbing two men at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota.
Police say the 53-year-old man was intoxicated when he killed the men following an argument at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a building that provides housing for the homeless, disabled and those with mental health issues.
The man was arrested shortly after the stabbings Saturday night as he tried to leave the building through a back stairway. The Olmsted County Attorney's Office was reviewing the case Monday and expected to file charges Tuesday. The suspect was being held on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police say the victims, 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming, were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen. Both lived in the building.
Penny Pizza's question of the day is:
Answer this question in the comments box given at the bottom of this page.
Keymand ($20 on the iTunes store) is an iPad app that turn the iPad into an application-specific keyboard for Mac applications like Final Cut Pro. Hardware application-specific keyboards exist, but they aren't particularly well-suited to tasks beyond the ones for the apps they are designed for. Keymand can work with a wide array of apps, not just production apps that most application-specific keyboards focus on.
Keymand syncs with a free Mac companion app through a required Lightning to USB connection, which also keeps your tablet charged while working. Sadly, the app syncing via the iPad Pro Smart Connector isn't supported.
Keymand Keymand comes with panels for 13 built-in macOS apps including Finder, but you'll have to create others all on your own.
Keymand: Shortcut commander
After launching both apps, click Connect on the Mac side, then tap Accept at the iPad prompt. When the sync indicator changes from red to green, Keymand is ready to use, automatically reconnecting whenever the iPad app is relaunched or after waking from Mac sleep.
Keymand displays the current application name and icon in the upper left corner, as well as a grid of 64 one-tap buttons at a time, which update as you switch between applications. Buttons respond instantly when tapped, and the Mac app uses a negligible amount of CPU; you'll wind up with another icon in the menu bar, however. Buttons can be left blank for a more eye-pleasing layout, and each desktop app can use up to 256 possible shortcuts spread across four panels.
As you start using Keymand with favorite Mac apps, expect to see a lot of blank panels. That's because the app only includes panels for 13 macOS apps: Finder, App Store, Calculator, Calendar, Contacts, Dictionary, Font Book, iTunes, Mail, Notes, Photos, Preview, and Safari.
Keymand Have trouble remembering Safari shortcuts? Keymand can turn them all into one-tap buttons instead.
Keymand: Designing buttons
For other applications, users must create their own custom buttons on the iPad. Switch to settings view by tapping an icon in the upper right corner, where you can assign keyboard shortcut buttons on a per-app basis, each with custom names and colors. The process is straightforward enough, but more cumbersome than it needs to be, especially when assigning the same color to multiple buttons. (Spoiler: Tedious copy and paste of hex colors is required.)
While convenient for mobile workflows, Keymand would benefit from the ability to assign buttons on the Mac side as well. Settings are only saved on the iPad, convenient for those who move between multiple systems, but not very conducive to sharing shortcuts with co-workers or colleagues.
The inability to export shortcuts is a rather glaring limitation for an otherwise useful app. I'd love to see the developer provide an online community where users can share individual app settings with others, which would make it easier for novices to get started. (An SQLite database is accessible from the Keymand app in iTunes File Sharing, but there's no way to save data for specific applications.)
For the time being, Keymand appeals mostly to power users willing to dedicate time to assigning shortcut buttons one at a time, or casual users content with the built-in Mac software commands and occasionally supplementing favorite apps.
Keymand If you don't need all 64 buttons on a panel, you can leave blank spaces for a more eye-pleasing custom layout.
Bottom line
As someone who spends weekdays parked at a desk, Keymand puts my iPad Pro to work as a Mac keyboard accessory. But the cumbersome and time-intensive assigning of shortcuts would be better performed on the computer instead of the tablet.
Photo: AFP
McDonald's in France is to offer its customers the slightly more civilized option of eating its best burger with a knife and fork rather than their fingers.
Clients at McDonald's 1,400 restaurants in France will soon be able to ask for a knife and fork if they don't fancy eating their burgers with their fingers, Le Figaro reported.
“Cutlery is an evolution, not a break with the past,” said McDonald's France marketing chief Xavier Royaux.
McDonald's France announced the revolution after the move was successfully trialed at 10 restaurants in the country.
However knives and forks won't be given out for an ordinary cheese burger or Big Mac, just for the chain's “signature” gourmet burger – that costs around double the price of other burgers.
The burger giant says the move is to keep up with the competition from restaurants after burger-mania has swept France in recent years.
“For a long time now we have seen a change in the burger market, a multiplication of offers, among these the offers of gourmet burgers, so as a pioneer it is vital we position ourselves, said McDonald's Royaux.
In recent years the burger has taken over French menus, with some 75 percent of the country's 145,000 restaurants including it on their menus.
In 2015 some 1.19 billion burgers were sold in France – a rise of 11 percent on the previous year.
Some 80 percent of restaurants say the burger has overtaken steak frites (steak and chips) as the most popular dish among clients.
As well as having to cope with competition from traditional French restaurants, McDonald's has also had to fend off competition from Burger King, which has returned to France in recent years and the arrival of another US burger giant Five Guys.
In 2015 The Local reported on a survey to show how the burger was rivalling the baguette for French taste buds.
The "jambon beurre" (ham and butter), a staple of the French diet for centuries, was apparently losing ground in the fast-food market to the burger, according to the report by food marketing group Gira Conseil.
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson missed his second consecutive game with right calf soreness.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts missed his fourth straight because of tightness in his left side that flared up during BP Sunday. "If he's OK, most likely he'll be in the lineup tomorrow," manager Alex Cora said. . 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off.
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third — one at second on a steal attempt and the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away. Both were overturned.
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get his World Series ring before Thursday's series opener in Houston.
"It was an amazing ride," he said.
He plans to bring a jersey he wore last season as the team's bench coach, have it signed by the Astros and hang it "probably at home."
HARD SHOT
Pllate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off his chest but stayed in the game. Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: LHP Jaime Garcia (2-3, 5.52 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday's series opener at Detroit.
Red Sox: LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston. He 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in his last three starts and hasn't gone past four innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ken Powtak, The Associated Press
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — Acknowledging they have learned valuable lessons from this year's terrorist attack in Brussels, authorities said Wednesday they are tightening security at the 128th annual Rose Parade with sturdier barricades and more checkpoints to control cars, as well as numerous other measures, including some they aren't disclosing.
More than 1,000 police officers, including many in plainclothes, and dozens of bomb-sniffing dogs will work the 5 ½-mile parade route, Pasadena police Chief Phillip Sanchez told reporters at City Hall.
“There are no known security threats to the city of Pasadena, to the parade or to the football game,” he said. “Nevertheless, we will ensure that aggressive measures are in place to do the best we can to mitigate concerns.”
Key among them will be the water-filled barricades that Sanchez said are designed to stop terrorists from racing cars onto the parade route, where hundreds of thousands of people will stand shoulder-to-shoulder Monday to watch a steady stream of marching bands, equestrian units and flower-covered floats.
The route runs through the popular Old Pasadena shopping district, past a community college and under a busy freeway.
Security will be just as tight at the 103rd annual Rose Bowl football game following the parade.
“Vehicles that will be entering the Rose Bowl area will all be scanned,” Sanchez said. “Bomb dogs will roam across those vehicles as well.”
Officers have been trained to spot suspicious packages in cars, he said, and for weeks police have been working with federal authorities to compile lists of suspicious license plates and vehicles.
People going to the game must pass through metal detectors and can expect delays. Anyone who shows up 10 minutes before it is set to start likely won't see the opening kickoff.
“Arrive early, bring a lot of patience,” Sanchez said.
In planning the parade, Pasadena police officials have been working with the FBI, TSA, Secret Service, Homeland Security, ICE and other agencies.
Sanchez said they have studied the deadly terror attack on Brussels in March in which three suicide bombers killed 32 people and injured more than 300 at an airport and train station.
Two suicide bombers carried explosives into the airport in large suitcases and detonated them while another suicide bomber planted explosives on a train.
Authorities said it could take more than just preparation to ensure safety at the Rose Parade and game. Sanchez and others are repeating the security mantra: If you see something suspicious, say something to police.
“It will be quite evident to you that there is extra uniformed security there,” he said. “And you can just assume that if you see uniformed security there is likely either plainclothes security or cameras or some other technology that we will be utilizing to monitor and to ensure concentric circles of security for our parade-goers.”
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLEVELAND (AP) - Cavaliers forward Kevin Love will return Monday after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand.
Cleveland was 11-9 without Love, who was injured on Jan. 30. He's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in 48 games.
Associate head coach Larry Drew said Love's minutes will be restricted in Cleveland's game against Milwaukee. Drew is running the team while coach Tyronn Lue takes a leave of absence to address health issues that have included chest pains and a loss of sleep.
The Cavaliers are third in the Eastern Conference despite dealing with several injuries. Larry Nance Jr. (sore right hamstring), Rodney Hood (strained lower back), Cedi Osman (strained left hip flexor) and Tristan Thompson (sprained right ankle) were ruled out of Monday's game.
Kyle Korver has returned to the team after missing Saturday's game because of a family emergency. He's also been dealing with a sore right foot and was a game-time decision Monday.
OWEN SOUND -
Another man who overdosed was brought back with naloxone, this time on the holiday Monday in Chatsworth Township.
Grey County OPP responded to the call at about 1 a.m. at a residence along Highway 10. A 40-year-old Chatsworth Township man was showed no vital signs and officers began cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
He remained unresponsive until naloxone was administered to counteract an opiate overdose. He's expected to make a full recovery, Grey County OPP said in a news release.
It noted OPP officers are equipped with naloxone kits and are trained to use them in an emergency. Bruce and Grey county paramedics carry the drug, city police have naloxone nasal sprays at the police station and city officers will soon carry it with them.
This incident followed last Friday's warning by Owen Sound police about two potentially deadly strains of fentanyl -- one a rusty-red and the other purple -- after one man died and another survived after suspected fentanyl overdoses on June 28.
Insp. Jeff Fluney said Wednesday there haven't been more overdoses in the city since last Thursday. But police would like the public to "stay on alert" about fentanyl because it's so potent.
"We don't know that there's any connection between the arrest that we made and the overdoses. And those drugs can find their way into the community at any time," Fluney noted.
Last Thursday a 41-year-old man died despite receiving naloxone immediately after he collapsed. He was rushed to hospital but lifesaving efforts by paramedics and emergency room staff didn't save him. He'd taken the red suspected fentanyl.
About 10 minutes after this incident, a 29-year-old man recovered from an overdose after receiving naloxone. Police said he'd taken the purple suspected fentanyl.
"We are seeing more of it," Fluney said on Wednesday. "I think drug users are underestimating how powerful it can be and how quickly they can get themselves into danger with overdosing on it."
However, Fluney said police aren't seeing the even more potent carfentanil as much.
Last August, Owen Sound Police Chief Bill Sornberger said that trafficking and illicit use of fentanyl was his single-biggest concern.
Alanna Leffley oversees health data and statistics analysis at the Grey Bruce Health Unit. She noted in an interview overdoses increased markedly last summer.
"We're just starting the summer now. So I hope that our messaging and our partners' messaging and the availability of naloxone and safer practices, that hopefully that will be reduced somehow."
She said Grey-Bruce emergency departments see an average of five opioid overdoses a month, most often caused by accident. But not everyone goes to hospital after overdosing, given the availability of naloxone, she noted.
She's working with local emergency medical responders to capture those data.
Last year, 11 people in Grey-Bruce died from opioid-related causes -- the most since the data were collected back to 2005. In 2016, eight died; in 2015, four died; in 2014, nine died; in 2013, seven died; in 2012, 10 died.
Leffley said data she's seen show doctors are prescribing opioids less in Ontario, including in Grey-Bruce.
City police arrested Tiffany Johnson, 28, of Owen Sound on suspicion of trafficking fentanyl and methamphetamine. Officers found Johnson in possession of $4,900 worth of methamphetamine, $2,200 in fentanyl and over $1,100 in cash proceeds believed to be from the sale of the narcotics, police said in a news release.
Ontario's Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act provides legal protection for people who call 911 or need help during an overdose, the OPP release noted.
A list of where to get a naloxone kit is available at www.ontario.ca/Overdose.
Crawford State Park - Kansas Wildlife, Parks & Tourism
1 West Lake Road, Farlington, Kansas 66734
(620) 362-3671
kdwpt.crawfordsp@ks.gov
Guys, Gals, Kids of all ages!!! Our friends at the Farlington Fish Hatchery are hosting the 4th annual Kids Fishing Day!
The 4th annual kids fishing day will be held at Crawford State Park on Saturday, April 21st at 1:00 pm.The event will start with a tour of the Farlington Fish Hatchery located behind the dam, followed by a live fish identification. Participants will then meet near the marina on the west side of the lake for lessons on casting, knot-tying, and boating safety. The remainder of the program will be FISHING!
Fishing Licenses will not be required during the event, all ages welcome!
Fishing poles and gear will be provided, but participants are encouraged to bring their own poles if they have them!
Entry into the state park will be free ONLY during the event. Groups coming out in the morning or staying after the clinic will need a day pass! Day passes are $5 and can be purchased at the gate house at the front of the park, or at the Park Office.
For questions, contact Kyle Steinert at the Farlington Fish Hatchery. (620) 362 - 4166
Event Facebook page
301 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (301 Annealed,301 1/4 Hard, 301 1/2 Hard, 301 Full Hard ) by Application /End User (Equipment Parts, Computer Parts ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 301 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 301 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 301 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 301 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/301-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
301 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 301 Annealed
• 301 1/4 Hard
• 301 1/2 Hard
• 301 Full Hard
301 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Equipment Parts
• Computer Parts
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/301-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
New Delhi: US President Donald Trump on Monday night called up Prime Minister Narendra Modi to greet him on Independence Day.
Tweeting about it PM Modi wrote: "Appreciate the warm felicitations from @POTUS, who called this evening to convey Independence Day greetings. Thank you @realDonaldTrump."
Appreciate the warm felicitations from @POTUS, who called this evening to convey Independence Day greetings. Thank you @realDonaldTrump. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) August 14, 2017
PM Modi will address the nation tomorrow from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
The unfurling of the tri-colour will synchronize with the 21 Gun Salute fired by the valiant gunners of the elite 2281 Field Regiment (Ceremonial).
The Army Band will play the National Anthem when the National Guard presents the `Rashtriya Salute` while unfurling the National Flag by the Prime Minister.
Security has been tightened in Delhi with areas in the Lutyens zone and those surrounding the iconic Red Fort being turned into a fortress to ward off any security threats.
More than ten thousand Police personnel have been deployed in and around the Red Fort and surrounding areas along with snipers, Army and National Security Guard -NSG commandos to make the area attack-proof.
Bus terminals, Railway Stations and the Airport are on high alert as per inputs by the intelligence agencies.
(With ANI inputs)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Queen Latifah will get the royal treatment at the upcoming American Black Film Festival Honors.
The Oscar-nominated actress is set to receive the Entertainment Icon award at this year's ceremony, to be held in Los Angeles on Friday. The star of “Star” on Fox says she is honored to receive the award.
“It means so much to me coming from fellow entertainers and my peers.”
Queen Latifah got her start as a rapper almost three decades ago. Besides her Oscar nod for “Chicago,” she's also been nominated twice in Emmy acting categories and won a Golden Globe.
The American Black Film Festival Honors will air on BET and Centric at 8 p.m. EST on Feb. 22. Other honorees include Terrence Howard. Actress Regina Hall will host the event.
Comments
comments
Singer Lin-Manuel Miranda and actor Ben Platt have teamed on a new song with a portion of the proceeds from the mashup going toward the student march for gun control scheduled for March 24.
ENews reports that the song, which is “a mixed up two signature tracks from [the two] shows,” was created to serve as an “anthem for a modern movement.” Its message to those impacted by the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting: “Even when the dark comes crashing through, when you need a friend to carry you and when you're broken on the ground—you will be found.”
Hamilton creator Miranda tweeted about the new track:
Ben Platt put up an Instagram announcement:
“In the wake of Parkland, I was awestruck by the strength and leadership of the students and their ability to speak truth to power. In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement. This is their moment. Not just for themselves, but for all of us,” Miranda said in a statement. “This song is my way of helping to raise funds and awareness for their efforts, and to say Thank You, and that we are with you so let's keep fighting, together.”
“When Lin called me to be a part of this mashup, I couldn't say no. Better gun control is something that all Americans should be passionate about,” Platt added. “These students are paving the way for future generations and it's so inspiring to see young people standing up for what is probably the most important cause right now in this country, and demanding action. I hope that this song can play some small part in bringing about real change.”
Miranda, a two-time Grammy Award-winner, who campaigned heavily for Hillary Clinton, has repeatedly used his fame to push left-wing political efforts.
On February 20 Breitbart News reports that George Clooney, Oprah Winfrey, Jeffery Katzenberg, and Steven Spielberg had already pledged $500,000 each to the march.
The student march for gun control is being pushed by Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting survivor David Hogg, who released a PSA last week asking, “What if our politicians weren't the b*tch of the NRA?”
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
The share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Actress, comedian and former US presidential candidate Roseanne Barr claims the prescription sedative Ambien was the true culprit behind her describing Valerie Jarrett, a former White House senior adviser, as a child of the “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes.”
While some were debating whether Barr's tweet was likening Jarrett to apes or speaking from a place of Islamophobia, the former ABC star returned from her hours-long Twitter hiatus to proclaim in a now-deleted tweet that her 2 a.m. "Ambien tweeting" was "indefensible."
Not to be used as a scapegoat, Ambien maker Sanofi's US branch shot back at Barr without even mentioning her name.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
(Although anxiety, depression, nervousness, strange behavior, thoughts of self-harm, memory loss, hallucinations and severe confusion are reported side effects — especially in women)
Naturally, US President Donald Trump, who received vocal support from Barr during the 2016 presidential election, also joined in on the Roseanne cancellation "party" by calling out Bob Iger, CEO of Disney, which owns ABC.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
While the ultimate fate of the leading lady's show is unknown for the cast and crew, it seems certain that the actress is won't be backing away from the Twitter app anytime soon.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
With Earth Day coming up this weekend, we decided to go back to 1993 for this trip Back Down The Pennsylvania Road when Mike Stevens celebrated the day in Sullivan County.
80 % 80 Understated Confronting the gender ideologies of the Middle East, the latest by Cartoon Saloon is contemporary and relevant, telling its story with a quiet conviction that proves both powerful and inspiring. 8
“Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that makes the flowers grow, not thunder.” The closing words spoken by Parvana, an Afghan girl forced to become a boy in order to provide for her family and rescue her father, speak of gentleness over force. Such a notion sets up the approach with which The Breadwinner tells its story; a tale which seems to invite aggression but is treated with modesty and care.
We meet Parvana selling her family's best clothing at a market, she also sells words “anything written, anything read.” Although, as a young girl, her presence is unwanted. Under Taliban occupation, women are not to leave the home without male supervision and must remain covered. When Parvana's father is accused of teaching his daughters and hiding story books, he is abducted and imprisoned. Without him, Parvana and her family are themselves imprisoned within their own home, unable to purchase food or generate income. Cutting her hair, Parvana chooses to impersonate a boy, allowing her to provide for her family and attempt to free her father.
Leaving Ireland for the first time after The Secret of the Kells and Song of the Sea, Cartoon Saloon continue their perfect streak proving themselves to be a contemporary animation powerhouse. The Breadwinner provided their third consecutive Oscar Nomination and unfortunately their third consecutive narrow defeat, being thwarted by none other than Pixar's Coco.
It is no surprise that the animation is stunning. The sandy dystopia of Afghan streets feel as much pulled from the pages of a beautifully illustrated fairytale as they do trace from the haunting images of war photography. It is this very balance between wondrous storybook and gritty reality which defines The Breadwinner‘s brilliance.
Some might find The Breadwinner‘s storytelling slightly slow however. In its quiet approach it is at risk of alienating animation's specific quality of scale and wonder, with its realism aligning it with a slower pace than typical animated outings. It is, at times, this wonder that is briefly missing but is more than restored in its final moments.
Stories themselves, as well as the manner in which they are told, are of great significance throughout the film, as well as to the characters themselves. Parvana's mother is a writer, her father a teacher of admirable liberalism, and Parvana herself refers to stories for guidance throughout her confrontations with national adversity. Storytelling in the film serves to emphasize the importance of stories in creating empathy and change; with The Breadwinner itself offering evidence of the very same idea. Doing so quietly, it exposes how ideologies can be moved and empathy gained through stories, even in the most intimidating of monsters.
Understating its bold confrontation of middle eastern ideology, Parvana's story resists the temptation to become thunderous and keeps its voice low. In doing so, it's message rains lightly drawing attention to the dark cloud which hangs over Afghanistan as much as the flowers – embodied in the bravery and compassion of Parvana – which bloom beneath. The Breadwinner tells a story which needs to be heard, but also one better told as it is here, not through a shout but in the kind warning of a whisper.
The Breadwinner (2018), directed by Nora Twomey, is distributed in the UK by StudioCanal, Certificate 12A.
I can't stand the sanctimoniousness of society. The same people that will have told her she can't breastfeed in a museum would go home and see more boobs on TV before bedtime.
But here's the true irony. I can't even bring you these images without deliberately turning off the advertising on this page. Because someone will complain and it will then put our advertising income at risk as does actually breach decency standards.
We are genuinely living in parallel universes when we can not publish images of renaisance art or a woman breastfeeding a child.
– Twitter, via Stuff
Jodhpur/New Delhi: Ahead of Wednesday's trial court verdict in the alleged rape of a teenager by self-styled 'godman' Asaram, security was stepped up on Tuesday in Jodhpur where prohibitory orders have already been clamped.
As per the directions of the Rajasthan High Court, the trial court will deliver its verdict in the Jodhpur Central Jail premises where Asaram has been lodged for the past over four years. "We have made all arrangements for the judgment day," DIG Jail Vikram Singh said. The magistrate along with court staff, Asaram and the co-accused along with the defence and prosecution counsels will remain present in the courtroom in the jail premises, he added.
Meanwhile, earlier on Tuesday, Jodhpur Court dismissed the petition seeking entry of mediapersons in Central Jail for the coverage of the judgment.
Centre asks three states to tighten security
On the other hand, the Centre on Tuesday asked Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana to tighten security and deploy additional forces ahead of the verdict. In a communication, the Home Ministry told the three states to beef up security and ensure that no violence takes place after the judgment.
The three states were also told to deploy additional forces in sensitive places, PTI was quoted as saying by a Home Ministry official. Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana have a large number of followers of Asaram.
Here's a timeline of the case
Prohibitory orders have already been issued in Jodhpur. "We have imposed section 144 of CrPC in the city from April 21 and it would remain effective till April 30. Besides this, we have been keeping a sharp eye on Asaram's ashrams and checking all hotels and guest houses as well as the bus and railway stations," DCP (East) Aman Deep Singh said in Jodhpur.
"We will also seal the jail on the day of judgment and would not allow anyone to get close to the jail premises," he added.
Here's what the case is all about:
Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, who was studying at his ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh. Asaram has denied the rape charges.
The victim has alleged that Asaram called her to his ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped her on the night of August 15, 2013.
The final arguments in the case had been completed by the special court for SC/ST cases on April 7 and the court had kept the order reserved for April 25. Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on September 1, 2013. He is in judicial custody since September 2, 2013.
The chargesheet against Asaram and four other co-accused Shiva, Shilpi, Sharad and Prakash was filed by the police on November 6, 2013, under various sections of the POSCO Act, Juvenile Justice Act and IPC. If convicted, Asaram could be jailed for a minimum of 10 years or awarded a maximum life term, according to prosecution lawyers.
(With PTI inputs)
ADVERTISEMENT
It's safe to say Kazuo Ishiguro was, if not quite a Bob Dylan–level dark horse, not really on anyone's radar to win the Nobel Prize in Literature. Neither the Rumpus nor the New Republic put Ishiguro in their lists of Nobel hopefuls, for instance. And though Ishiguro is an artist who has — and has earned — an enormous amount of readerly goodwill, his last two books, Nocturnes and The Buried Giant, received mixed reviews. Most of his popular fame rests on two books: The Remains of the Day, narrated by a butler whose beloved former employer turns out to have been a Nazi sympathizer, and Never Let Me Go, a story about boarding school children who turn out to be clones grown and raised for eventual organ harvesting. Perhaps not coincidentally, both have been adapted into movies.
It would be a little absurd to use the occasion of a Nobel Prize to claim the winner gets no respect. On the other hand, Ishiguro's work is often deliberately self-effacing. He rarely goes in for stylistic flourishes, and the mood of his work is usually (though not always) quiet, even mundane. So while Ishiguro is not precisely underrated, let's call him underestimated. Even in his more self-consciously ambitious work, he's not really drawing attention to himself.
So what is it about his work that merits this kind of prestige? That "in novels of great emotional force, [he] has uncovered the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world" is the official explanation. As explanations go, it's a little mysterious.
Though The Buried Giant deserved the mixed reviews (I gave it one myself), its chosen conceit contains the answer to this question. The book is about a mythical England which is under a fog of forgetting. Lifting the fog, it eventually becomes clear, will mean remembering terrible things. Some of those terrible things were done by the very characters we are following through the book, who, advanced in years and under the spell of the fog, have little idea what they have done. What also becomes clear is that remembering the past will cause, in turn, terrible bloodshed.
You would expect this kind of story to progress a few different ways. One is to pen a story on the virtues of forgetting — of moving on, letting the past stay buried. Another is to praise remembering: justice and hard truths at all costs. Or you could try to thread the needle such that you try to write a story about forgiveness that is not ultimately about forgetting. Instead, Ishiguro chooses not to choose. The guilt of his characters is a simple fact, one that will be made right neither by forgiveness nor by bloodshed, one that ultimately cannot be solved by forgetting.
Only a few of Ishiguro's characters are what you might call "bad people" — malicious, predatory, or cruel. They do exist: Christopher, the protagonist of When We Were Orphans, eventually discovers that his life was financed by his mother's rape at the hands of a warlord named Wang Ku. Wang Ku is certainly a villain; but the book focuses more on Christopher himself, who asks his mother, at the end of the book, for forgiveness.
Forgiveness for what? It's a good question. ("Did you say forgive [him]? Whatever for?" asks his mother, who cannot recognize him.) Christopher hasn't done anything wrong, exactly; he didn't know he was profiting from evil. The entire book tracks his journey to uncover the mystery of his past. At the same time, he's guilty. So is Stevens, the butler who narrates The Remains of the Day, for the work he does for the fascist he adores. So is Masuji Ono of An Artist of the Floating World, who created propaganda for Japan in World War II (among other failures).
Novels about ordinary people who profit from evil — because they themselves are unimportant, because the ask isn't high, because they've willfully forgotten or been shielded from the truth — what could capture more clearly the situation of most of Ishiguro's readers? Certainly they can find themselves entangled in this situation wherever they turn. You don't need to look for anything big. To pick one example: If you are reading this story on an iPhone, it's easy enough to find a story about the conditions under which your phone was produced.
So if you want to know why you ought to read Ishiguro — and why he deserves to be highlighted, to you, at this particular moment — one answer is that he is the novelist of guilt. The guilt is unavoidable; it's something you acquire by being alive. It's not dischargeable; you'll always have done what you did. And yet because of its very universality, it's something you cannot shrug off. It's not enough to say that everybody fails, takes short cuts, or does wrong things. It won't free you to say you're not the only guilty party.
And what will? Probably nothing. Ishiguro's books aren't solutions or how-to guides. His depiction of rituals of forgiveness and penance in The Buried Giant are deeply skeptical. What matters is that you are guilty. However you choose to acknowledge or avoid it, that's the truth. And it always has been.
Eli Manning said he wasn't bothered when the Giants drafted quarterback Davis Webb earlier this spring. In fact, were it not for the team reaching out to him to let him know about their actions, he might not even have noticed it.
“Nothing different than drafting a defensive lineman or a linebacker I'd say, so I'm fine,” Manning said Tuesday at Giants minicamp, his first time speaking with reporters since before the draft. “We drafted a quarterback four years ago with Ryan Nassib so I understand they have to draft a quarterback and they have to draft players on the board who are going to help out down the road.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Many saw the selection of Webb as the possible quarterback of the Giants' future, perhaps even an eventual successor to Manning. The 36-year-old has three seasons remaining on his current contract, and the Giants spoke openly this offseason about wanting to start preparing for life without their franchise quarterback.
If Manning is threatened by Webb, he was not showing it through his words.
“Davis has done a good job just learning the offense,” Manning said. “He throws the ball well. For a young guy, it's just learning the system, learning the ins and outs, and getting reps and he has done a good job picking up things quickly.”
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Bruce Power has announced almost $1 billion in contracts for its major component replacement.
On Monday, the nuclear power plant operator announced advanced manufacturing contracts with four manufacturers totalling $914 million.
“By signing these contracts today, we have secured Made in Ontario solutions for the components we will need to successfully complete our MCR projects, extending the life of our site to 2064,” Bruce Power President and CEO Mike Rencheck said in a news release. “Today's announcements represent a $914 million investment in Ontario's highly skilled workforce, which will create untold economic opportunities for the communities in which they operate for many years to come.”
Among the contracts announced Monday were: $642 million to BWXT Canada Inc. to manufacture 32 steam generators at its Cambridge facility; $144 million to Laker Energy Products for end fittings, liners and flow elements at its Oakville location; $62 million for Cameco Fuel Manufacturing in Cobourg for calandria tubes and annulus spacers for all six MCRs; and $66 million for Nu-Tech Precision Metals in Arnprior for the production of zirconium alloy pressure tubes for Units 6 and 3.
The major component replacement is slated to get underway in 2020 beginning with Unit 6, with Units 3 to 8 all to eventually be refurbished, extending the life of the site through 2064. Bruce Power plans to invest $13-billion of its own money into the project, which actually began in 2016 with asset management program investments.
By extending the life of the site, the company has said it will create and sustain 22,000 jobs annually, both directly and indirectly, across Ontario, while investing $4 billion a year into the Ontario economy.
Bruce Power spokesperson John Peevers said Tuesday that Monday's big announcement obviously has a major impact on the communities where the affected companies are located, but it is also good news for the region around Bruce Power.
“The further we get into the process and the closer we get to embarking on that first major component replacement the more spinoff there will be locally, the more incentive there is for some of these companies who haven't located in the area, to do so,” said Peevers. “We are hearing and finding that some of the people who have already set up shop in Bruce-Grey-Huron are looking to expand again.”
So far more than a dozen suppliers of Bruce Power have expanded in the area, more than doubling the number of Bruce Power suppliers with a local presence, with more expected to come.
“We are told there are more coming and I have talked to some that are talking about expanding,” said Peevers. “We expect that will continue this year.”
Peevers said the contracts announced on Monday were some of the biggest for the major component replacement, but more contracts will be signed in the future.
“We have definitely knocked down some of the big ones, but there are still more to come,” said Peevers. “We will continue to keep the community informed about those as we go.”
On Monday, Ontario Energy Minister Glenn Thibeault called the announcement good news for the people of Ontario.
“Bruce Power's Life Extension Program makes sense for Ontario, and the announcements made today will create good jobs and benefit our economy for decades to come,” Thibeault said in the news release. “Moving forward with the refurbishment project is part of our government's plan to support care and opportunity, while producing affordable, reliable and clean energy for the people of Ontario.”
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:41 P.J. Dozier wraps Memphis game
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
According to a new report Global Orthodontics Supplies Market, published by KBV research, the Orthodontics Supplies Market Size is estimated to reach $2.6 billion by 2023, growing at a CAGR of 8.3% during the forecast period.
The North America market held the largest share in the Global Orthodontics Supplies Market by Region in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023, growing at a CAGR of 7.4 % during the forecast period. The Asia Pacific market is expected to witness a CAGR of 9.9% during (2017 – 2023).
The Brackets market held the largest share in the Global Orthodontics Supplies Market by Type in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023. The Ligatures market is expected to witness a CAGR of 9.6% during (2017 – 2023).
The Bands & Buccal Tubes market held the largest share in the Global Anchorage Orthodontics Supplies Market by Type in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023, growing at a CAGR of 7.2 % during the forecast period.
The Adults market held the largest share in the Global Orthodontics Supplies Market by Patients in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023. The Children and Teenagers market is expected to witness a CAGR of 9.5% during (2017 – 2023).
Full Report: https://kbvresearch.com/orthodontics-supplies-market/
The market research report has exhaustive quantitative insights providing a clear picture of the market potential in various segments across the globe with country wise analysis in each discussed region. The key impacting factors of the Global Orthodontics Supplies Market have been discussed in the report with the elaborated company profiles are 3M Company, Align Technology Inc., Danaher Corporation, Henry Schein, Inc., Dentaurum GmbH & Co. KG, DENTSPLY International, Inc., American Orthodontics, G&H Orthodontics, Inc., Rocky Mountain Orthodontics, Inc., and TP Orthodontics, Inc.
Global Orthodontics Supplies Market Size Segmentation
By Type
Brackets
Fixed
Removable
Anchorage Appliances
Bands & Buccal Tubes
Miniscrews
Archwires
Ligatures
Elastomeric Ligatures
Wire Ligatures
By End User
Children and Teenagers
Adults
By Geography
North America Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
US Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Canada Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Mexico Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Other NA Country Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Europe Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Germany Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
UK Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
France Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Russia Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Spain Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Italy Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Other EU Country Orthodontics Supplies Market Size
Asia Pacific Orthodontics Supplies Market
China Orthodontics Supplies Market
Japan Orthodontics Supplies Market
India Orthodontics Supplies Market
South Korea Orthodontics Supplies Market
Singapore Orthodontics Supplies Market
Malaysia Orthodontics Supplies Market
Other APAC Country Orthodontics Supplies Market
Latin America, Middle East and Africa (LAMEA) Orthodontics Supplies Market
Brazil Orthodontics Supplies Market
Argentina Orthodontics Supplies Market
UAE Orthodontics Supplies Market
Saudi Arabia Orthodontics Supplies Market
South Africa Orthodontics Supplies Market
Nigeria Orthodontics Supplies Market
Other LAMEA Country Orthodontics Supplies Market
Companies Profiled
3M Company
Align Technology Inc.
Danaher Corporation
Henry Schein, Inc.
Dentaurum GmbH & Co. KG
DENTSPLY International, Inc.
American Orthodontics
G&H Orthodontics, Inc.
Rocky Mountain Orthodontics, Inc.
TP Orthodontics, Inc.
Unique Offerings from KBV Research
Exhaustive coverage of Global Orthodontics Supplies Market
Highest number of market tables and figures
Subscription based model available
Guaranteed best price
Assured post sales research support with 10% customization free
Related Reports:
North America Orthodontics Supplies Market (2017-2023)
Europe Orthodontics Supplies Market (2017-2023)
Asia Pacific Orthodontics Supplies Market (2017-2023)
LAMEA Orthodontics Supplies Market (2017-2023)
Danny Jordaan has been re-elected as South African Football Association (SAFA) President for a five-year term, despite controversies involving the election and an allegation of rape.
Jordaan received 234 of the 246 votes cast at the organisation's Congress, giving him a majority of 95.12 per cent.
The Congress was due to take place on March 24, but was eventually postponed after SAFA came under pressure to halt the proceedings.
A postponement had been heavily pursued by former referee Ace Ncobo.
Ncobo opted to return to challenge Jordaan at the recent election, having previously pulled out of contention.
According to Times Live, however, he walked out of the Congress at the Sandton Convention Centre after alleging he had been threatened after raising objections to the election continuing.
His absence left Jordaan standing unopposed for the role, ensuring he retained the position he had held since 2013.
Jordaan, head of the Organising Committee that delivered the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, has rejected claims the Congress was illegal.
In a statement, SAFA claim both the Electoral Committee and FIFA representatives who attended the Congress stated it was "free, fair and very transparent".
SAFA also published a letter from Confederation of African Football (CAF) President Ahmad which congratulated Jordaan for being re-elected.
"On behalf of the African Confederation of Football, I would like to offer you our warmest congratulation for your re-election as President of the South African Football Association on the 26th of May 2018 in the occasion of the SAFA Elective Congress," Ahmad wrote.
"CAF is confident that your experience, know-how and leadership will benefit football in South Africa and allow its continuous development.
"We wish you a very successful tenure in your position and rest assured that you can count on the support of the Confederation to develop football within your region."
SAFA published a letter from CAF President Ahmad which congratulated Danny Jordaan on his re-election ©SAFA
Jordaan had briefly been temporarily replaced as SAFA President by vice-president Xolile Nkompela, who had served as acting President since the start of April.
The election came despite the ongoing allegation of rape made against Jordaan.
He has been accused by Jennifer Ferguson, a singer and former African National Congress representative.
Jordaan has denied any wrongdoing and has been staunchly defended by SAFA.
Jordaan is a former Mayor of Port Elizabeth, with the alleged crime taking place there 24 years ago.
The SAFA have even gone as far as accusing Ferguson of changing her version of events.
Having been re-elected, Jordaan has pledged to bid for the FIFA Women's World Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup.
I've written about the struggle of finding comfortable jeans before and now, I'm happy to report that someone else feels the same way: Brooke Shields.
Yes, the 52-year-old model indeed faces her own set of sartorial challenges (despite the fact that she's Brooke Shields), which is why she's partnered with QVC to design a collection aptly called Brooke Shields Timeless. It includes a full range of ready-to-wear items and accessories, but specifically, the icon was interested in creating the perfect jeans.
“I have been part of every single process of the design, so I have seen it all in my sleep. Watching people come up and touch it, and expressing the feel, and watching their eyes, and watching people mingle around with the clothing—this is the first time I've seen human beings near my pieces,” she told us Wednesday night at her collection's launch party in N.YC.
VIDEO: How Brooke Shields's Calvins Ended Up in The Met
The lineup—which includes button-ups, floral blouses, skirts, scarves, and jewelry—ranges from $29 to $109, and includes sizes between XS to 3X. She wanted it to be inclusive, and accessible for everyone. “You can't just design something bigger. You have to proportionately design accordingly, and I have separate fit models for that. It's important to really take all of that into consideration because your focus is your customer. My focus is aiding and helping women take some of the guess work out of their wardrobe, but not lose their own individuality," she said.
So how did she make sure to design jeans that feel like leggings? First, it's all about your attitude. “I think it's a matter of loving your butt first, and then clothing it kindly,” she said. “With our particular jean, in the straight-leg in particular, the cropped and the tall, it's a matter of fabrication. You need enough stretch for it to hug in the right places. But the proportion of the zipper has to be exact.”
“There's nothing worse than having a denim and the zipper is not up to par. You need good button closure, you need a good zipper that's strong, and you need the right fabrication,” she added. “I believe in showing our bodies more than trying to hide them, and I think it's especially very currently now—the idea, which I try to teach my children, of celebrating your individuality and who you are, no matter what size, no matter what you look like, and that was a huge piece for me.”
Shields added that you should feel comfortable taking on whatever fashion and beauty trend helps you feel incredible. “I think when you start to change the way you look then I think people get into trouble,” she said. “Find what's available to you to make you feel more confident.”
You can shop QVC's Brooke Shields Timeless collection when it airs on Feb. 15 at 7 p.m. ET, with the full line launching March 14 at 11 p.m. ET. Scroll down to see more of it now.
Don't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil. (You'll be giving us a present too!)
A man accused of threatening immigration officers with a machete finds himself in custody.
Law enforcement leaders arrested Fabian “Jason” Hubert Williams on Sunday (1 July) in the Seven-Mile Beach area.
They had been searching for the 43-year-old Jamaican national who they say threatened and ran from immigration officers last Monday (25 June) after they questioned his authority to remain in the country. Mr. Williams remains in police custody.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
(January 30, 2018, Brooklyn, NY) – In honor of Black History Month, Medgar Evers College is proud to present an exciting array of events that aim to be both celebratory and informative. The events include honoring an NAACP President, a Soul Food Festival sponsored by students and the English Department's debut of a new literary magazine. Also, look for a Financial Literacy Seminar, a film about Historically Black Colleges, a conversation about the legacy of Frederick Douglass and a lecture on STEM and the African Diaspora. All events are free and open to the public.
February 5, 2018, 11:30 AM — 12:30 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Edison O. Jackson Auditorium
Joy Williams, President of the Brooklyn Chapter of the NAACP, will be honored with the college's Trailblazer Award and will hold a conversation with four MEC students. Question and Answer with audience follows.
February 6, 2018, 6:00 PM — 9:00 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Edison O. Jackson Auditorium
Screening followed by panel discussion of renowned filmmaker Stanley Nelson's new documentary, “Tell Them We Are Rising: The Story of Black Colleges and Universities”. Free but RSVP needed: Miles@mec.cuny.edu
“Dollars and Sense Financial Literacy Seminar” with CUNY Creative Arts Team
February 9, 2018, 12:00 PM — 2:00 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Edison O. Jackson Auditorium
A “Dollars and Sense Financial Literacy Seminar” featuring skits by the City University of New York Creative Arts Team. A free, fun event that explores finance management and wealth accumulation.
THE FRANK RAGLAND MEMORIAL LECTURE: FROM THE CONGO TO HARVARD UNIVERSITY- STEM AND THE AFRICAN DIASPORA
February 21, 2018, 11:30 AM -1:00 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Edison O. Jackson Auditorium
A lecture by Dr. Jonathan Mboyo Esole, a Congolese mathematician working on the geometry of string theory. He solved several important problems in mathematical physics and his work is supported by the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF).
“The Crown Heights Review” Literary Journal to be launched
February 21, 2018, 6:00 PM — 7:30 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Edison O. Jackson Auditorium
The new literary journal, “The Crown Heights Review” (for students and alumni), will be presented at a Black History Month program featuring Pulitzer prizewinner Tyehimba Jess, reading from his collection “Olio”.
February 26, 2018, 6:30 PM — 8:30 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., EOJ Auditorium
In honor of the bicentennial birthday of Frederick Douglass, the Center for Black Literature, in conjunction with AKILA WORKSONGS, will present a program featuring a talk with Lloyd Weaver, the great-great grandson of Douglass. The program will also feature award-winning author and journalist Herb Boyd, who will provide a framework for the importance of the Douglass legacy in the age of Trump. The discussion moderator is Dr. Brenda M. Greene, Executive Director of the Center for Black Literature.
February 28, 2018, 11:30 AM — 1:00 PM
1638 Bedford Ave., Lobby
A free Soul Food Festival with music, dance and poetry featuring a sampling of dishes, reflecting the role of soul food for generations of African-Americans.
More than 50 per cent of new cars sold will be Electric Vehicles (EVs) by 2040, according to business analyst Bloomberg.
Within a short number of years we could be almost doubling the average daily home electricity usage if multiple EVs are housed at home.
You don't have to look too hard around Perth's streets to find the increasing number of EVs and hybrids (a combination petrol/EV) on the road from most major automotive manufacturers today.
To support this growth and keep the cars ‘fuelled up', a number of EV charging station kiosks have started appearing around the metropolitan and some regional areas. However, attention is now turning to how we power EVs where we need it the most, right at home.
Planning for an EV should be a serious consideration when building or buying a new home or apartment.
Often the first question asked when consumers show interest in an electric vehicle is, ‘how quickly can it be recharged'.
There are two typical factors – the car's battery storage capacity and the amount of power that can be provided to the car. Put simply, the best possible way is using a high-capacity EVlink charger designed for the purpose.
Schneider Electric is one of the leading global manufacturers of EV chargers and has released a stylish range of wallmounted chargers suitable for Australian homes and businesses.
The Schneider Electric EVlink Smart Wallbox comes in various sizes of electrical wattage output – from 3.4 kilowatts right up to 22kw – and can work on a single-phase or three-phase electrical supply, offering significant advantages in recharging capacity when compared to a normal general power outlet.
Power points are really a last resort situation, as they can take up to 20 hours to fully charge a larger battery and are not really designed for the task.
With a weatherproof rating, the robust EVlink Smart Wallbox can reside in an open car bay or garage situation, where they can be securely key or radio frequency identification-operated and activated at the touch of a single button. There is even a smartphone app that provides all the information about the charging progress and metrics.
Leading the charge in deploying these in WA is Malaga-based electro-technology integrator Gemtek Group.
Not only has Gemtek Group been involved in the early adoption of designing and installing EV charging systems around Perth, the business is currently working closely with innovative companies such as Schneider Electric, research bodies like Curtin University and The University of Western Australia and Synergy to ensure clients have the right information and planned infrastructure in this exciting new age of sustainable transport.
Gemtek Group Director Florian Popp said electric vehicles, whilst more beneficial for the environment than their petrol counterparts, would consume a large portion of electricity in our homes.
“Within a short number of years we could be almost doubling the average daily home electricity usage if multiple EVs are housed at home,” he said.
Despite this, Mr Popp said utilising some clever technology combined with solar and battery storage meant vehicle charging could be offset.
“Some of the home automation systems being installed now in Perth homes can work to ensure the EV charger, solar, grid power and battery storage is being managed effectively,” he said. “This can lower cost and provide an energy-efficient system.”
Many new homes now feature smart wiring as standard, but Mr Popp said the next phase was to ensure a suitable capacity power feed and category six data cable were installed into your garage area or carport to support an EVlink charger.
One such building developer undertaking a proactive approach on EVs is Norup+Wilson. The developer has significant apartment sites across Perth currently under construction.
“When buying into an apartment building, prospective buyers need to consider the level of technology within it,” Norup+Wilson Director David Wilson said.
“Whether you believe EVs will be more prominent in three, five or 10 years, it's important you find out if the complex has the ability to charge multiple EVs and not just a couple of shared EV bays across one hundred apartments, for example.
“You may not initially own an electric vehicle, but if you are trying to sell your apartment later and half the market uses EVs, then you have halved your potential market reach.
“With many apartment sites on offer, the focus will shift to the development which suits either the buyers' needs now, or their future needs.”
It comes as no surprise then that Norup+Wilson, as part of its sustainable eco-building design, is providing EV charging access to residential apartment car bays in its forthcoming The Precinct and The Beach Shack developments.
Already many European and Asian countries have created bold EV targets and government incentives to bolster investment in EVs and the associated infrastructure. Australian state governments are slowly getting on board, however, much-needed subsides will provide an additional reason to make the switch.
*Note: EV chargers must be installed by a licensed electrical contractor.
CONTACT
Schneider Electric, 1300 369 233, www.schneider-electric.com.au.
Gemtek, 9248 1881, www.gemtek.com.au.
Norup Wilson, 9315 1513, www.norupwilson.com.
A paedophile jailed for 40 years in Texas for sexually abusing children at a summer camp is pleading for a transfer to a WA prison, claiming it would prevent a “grave injustice” to Perth boys who have accused him of similar crimes.
Scott Zirus, originally from Pinjarra, was jailed in the US in 2010 after accepting a plea deal over allegations he assaulted three boys while working at the camp in Texas as part of an international exchange program.
He has to serve at least 20 years before he is eligible for parole.
Zirus has applied to the Australian Attorney-General's Department and US leaders for an international prisoner transfer.
He claims his main reason is that it is “past due” that he faces 10 criminal charges in WA over allegations he molested four boys at camps he ran in the Peel region between 2006 and 2008.
“Not only does the passage of time hinder my defence, but it is extremely unfair on the children and their families to wait so long for any type of closure on the matter,” Zirus wrote.
He admitted he would like to serve his jail time closer to family and friends for a better chance of rehabilitation.
Zirus, 34, wrote to The West Australian asking the public to support his transfer bid, whether or not they “support my innocence”.
He was convicted of aggravated sexual assault of a child, sexual contact with a child, and continuous sexual abuse of a child younger than 14.
Child protection advocate Hetty Johnston, founder of Bravehearts, said anyone who thought the convicted paedophile cared about anyone else was dreaming. “This would be all about him,” she said. “He just doesn't like where he is and I think that's fabulous.
“Once he's finished his sentence there, then extradite him back to Australia to face the charges here.”
To secure a transfer, a prisoner must gain the consent of the WA and Australian attorneys-general and US officials.
Federal Attorney-General Christian Porter refused to say whether the Government was considering a transfer request, citing privacy reasons.
If Zirus was transferred to WA, he would not escape the jail term imposed by US authorities, with a sentencing country's head sentence preserved in Australia.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
AECOM, a premier, fully integrated global infrastructure firm, received a 2018 Grand Award from the American Council of Engineering Companies (ACEC) for its work on the Second Avenue Subway-Phase 1 project in New York City. This award is shared with AECOM's joint venture partner, Arup, and the project's owners, Metropolitan Transportation Authority Capital Construction (MTACC) and New York City Transit (NYCT).
The AECOM -Arup JV provided full engineering and architectural design services from tunnel to track for Second Avenue Subway, including all planning, architecture and engineering, and construction phase support for 10 separate construction contracts. WSP served as consultant construction managers.
The first major expansion of New York City's subway system in over 50 years, this first phase of Second Avenue Subway runs 1.8 miles and consists of three new stations at 72nd, 86th and 96th streets, plus one upgraded station at 63rd Street. Tying a new subway line into an existing, 100-year-old system required a comprehensive approach that extended beyond conventional engineering. The three new stations rank among North America's largest underground excavations, at nearly 64-feet wide, 100-feet deep and 1,600-feet long. A 485-ton tunnel boring machine excavated 12,800-feet of twin-track tunnels measuring just over 22-feet in diameter.
Priority was placed on designing safe and welcoming stations. Each station now has street entrances with escalators and Americans with Disabilities Act-accessible elevators. Monumental works of art, commissioned specifically for this project, anchor each station and collectively make Second Avenue Subway the largest permanent public art display in the state.
RELATED: Second Avenue Subway Opens in New York
Opened to passengers Jan. 1, 2017, Second Avenue Subway reached an average weekday ridership of 190,000 passengers in its first year of operation. With a one-seat ride to destinations throughout the city, accessibility is increased, while delays and overcrowding are reduced on the nearby Lexington Avenue line.
“For nearly six decades, New Yorkers have imagined an Upper East Side with subway access. I am proud that AECOM and its partners worked with our client, Metropolitan Transportation Authority, to deliver an iconic project that is already having a major civic, social and economic impact on New York City,” said AECOM's Achaibar (Dan) Sawh, chief operating officer, New York Metro, Design and Consulting Services.
The Second Avenue Subway-Phase 1 project has received numerous other awards, including the ACEC New York chapter's top honor, the 2018 Empire Award; the American Society of Civil Engineers 2018 Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award; and Engineering News-Record's 2017 Best of the Best Airport/Transit Project.
RELATED: MTA Begins Procurement for Second Avenue Subway Phase 2
38,000 tickets have already sold for the Docker's clash with Collingwood.
38,000 tickets have already sold for the Docker's clash with Collingwood.
No pressure for Fremantle Dockers AFLW side ahead of second season The West Australian
Fremantle AFLW coach Michelle Cowan denies she's feeling the pressure heading into the final year of her contract, saying her team couldn't be more ready ahead of their season opener against the Western Bulldogs at Whitten Oval tomorrow.
The Dockers went into the inaugural season of the AFLW in 2017 as the premiership fancies but failed to deliver, having only one win and a draw in their seven games.
Fremantle have been struck with injuries to key players once more with Kirby Bentley (knee) out for the season and Kiara Bowers (knee) and gun recruit Kellie Gibson (hip) unlikely to be seen in the first month.
But Cowan is buoyant ahead of season two, batting away any concerns about her own future.
“No, I don't (feel the pressure),” Cowan said. “I feel really comfortable in our preparation throughout November, December and January. It's not really something I'm even thinking about and all energy is going into round one.
“My focus is on the next eight weeks and that will be my sole focus moving forward. My head is on this weekend. We couldn't be more ready than we are. I think every team is going to take a step in this competition.”
Cowan was in a part-time development role with the men's side at Melbourne before she took the job with Fremantle, but denied she was eyeing an eventual return to the AFL system.
Fremantle coach Michelle Cowan at the Dockers training facility in Cockburn. Picture: Trevor Collens
“I'm driven for success in the AFLW,” she said.
“That's not just a short-term thing for me. Long-term, sustained success is something I'm aspiring for. I still work with the men's team here. That's been really good and I get that fix there but the focus is AFLW.”
Cowan said she had become a better coach at the Dockers, and had positive relationship with men's coach Ross Lyon.
“He's got a whole wealth of experience and he's one of the best tactical coaches I've ever come across,” she said. “He's been really approachable and really good for me.”
The West Australian can also reveal that should Fremantle finish top after seven games, there are no guarantees the AFLW final would be held at Optus Stadium.
West Coast play their AFL season opener against Sydney on March 25 at the new venue a day after the scheduled date for the women's decider.
Eagles chief executive Trevor Nisbett has told The West Australian they would have no problem with the women's final being played there.
