A former resident at a Catholic children's home has told an inquiry that she was raped by a priest.
Helen Holland said she was eight years old when the priest and a nun began to sexually abuse her at Nazareth House in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire.
She told the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry the nun held her down during the abuse.
Ms Holland, who has waived her right to anonymity, said she suffered years of physical and emotional cruelty.
She said the nun repeatedly told her the devil was inside her.
The inquiry before Lady Smith continues.
Eamon Dunphy believes Manchester United's biggest problem at the moment is record signing Paul Pogba, and not misfiring striker Romelu Lukau.
The Red Devils trail neighbours City by 15 points in the title race after the midweek defeat to Tottenham Hotspur, with manager Jose Mourinho admitting his club is now playing for second place.
United host Huddersfield Town this weekend looking to bounce back from the 2-0 loss at Wembley, with the focus again on Lukaku who has struggled on occasions this season against higher calibre opposition.
Speaking on 2fm's Game On programme, the RTÉ Soccer analyst says the £75m striker is not the biggest selection issue facing Mourinho.
"It was significant that Pogba was taken off with 30 minutes left of the game," Dunphy said of the defeat to Spurs.
"He is just not good enough. It was a mistake to pay the money they paid for him. It set the bar in a very strange place for other players.
"Lukaku is not the problem for me at United. He needs to do it against the bigger teams, but Pogba is the real problem for me. If he has to play, then a better player needs to be left out of the side in my opinion."
Dunphy is still backing United however to secure a top four finish in the Premier League.
"I would say the Tottenham game was a freak because of the goals they gave away, but there is no doubt that United are a long way behind City.
"Chris Smalling and Phil Jones are poor in defence, but I still think they will finish in the top four and probably second."
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Heartland Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences announced that the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority has been nominated for Emmy Awards in three categories.
The Wichita Falls Police Department is looking for this week's Manhunt Monday suspect.
Deonte Greer, 19, is wanted for Aggravated Robbery. Greer stands six feet tall and weighs 250 pounds.
If you know where he is you are being asked to call Crime Stoppers at (940) 322-9888. You never have to give your name.
If your tip helps lead to an arrest it could earn you a $500 cash reward.
Copyright 2017 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
It was a (red) star-studded affair, the December 2015 dinner celebrating the 10th birthday of Russian TV network RT. At a luxe Moscow hotel, President Vladimir Putin and a host of Russian luminaries toasted a state-backed news channel that U.S. intelligence calls a Kremlin mouthpiece.
And next to Putin at the head table, in the seat of honor, was an American. Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who would later become Donald Trump's national security adviser, was already advising Trump's presidential campaign when he was paid $45,000 to speak at the gala.
"It is not coincidence that Flynn was placed next to President Putin," said Michael McFaul, U.S. ambassador in Moscow from 2012 to 2014 and now an NBC News analyst. "Flynn was considered a close Trump adviser. Why else would they want him there?"
Flynn's Moscow jaunt, like his oddly timed phone chats with the Russian ambassador, has been well reported. But who else came to dinner on Dec. 10, 2015? An NBC News review of video and photos from the RT gala shows a healthy serving of ex-spies, cronies and oligarchs, with a side of friendly journalists and another American.
Flynn was one of 10 people at the head table, including the Kremlin's top leadership. Three of the Russians, including Putin, were under U.S. sanctions at the time for their role in Russia's annexation of Crimea.
Sergey Ivanov (right), then Putin's chief of staff, sat directly across the table from Flynn at the gala. To his left, is Putin's nominal spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, who U.S. officials say is really the Russian president's de facto national security adviser. RT
Sergey Ivanov, then Putin's chief of staff, sat directly across the table from Flynn. A former KGB general who at one point ran KGB operations in Africa, he has also served as Russian defense minister and deputy prime minister. Ivanov had been under U.S. and European sanctions for a year and a half by the date of the dinner.
Next to Ivanov was Dmitry Peskov, nominally Putin's spokesman, but more importantly his de facto national security adviser, say U.S. officials. Like almost everyone at the head table that night, he speaks perfect English.
Flanking Putin on his right, two seats from Flynn, sat Alexey Gromov, Putin's deputy chief of staff. U.S. intelligence considers Gromov to be Putin's head propagandist. According to the January 6 Intelligence Community report on Russian interference in the U.S. election, "Gromov oversees political coverage on TV, and he has periodic meetings with media managers where he shares classified information and discusses their coverage plans."
He's also been accused by U.S. intelligence of "ordering media attacks on opposition figures." He has worked directly for the Russian president, first in the Press Office, then as press attache and, since 2008, as deputy chief of staff. He too was on U.S. and European sanctions the day of the dinner.
Margarita Simonyan is a personal friend of Putin, and worked in one of his presidential campaigns before being chosen to head RT. She took Putin's seat next to Flynn when Putin went to the stage to speak. RT
After Putin got up to make his speech, his place at Flynn's side was taken by Margarita Simonyan, RT's editor-in-chief. She is also editor-in-chief of Rossiya Segodnya, a state-owned and operated Russian news agency created by Putin. A personal friend of Putin, she worked in one of his presidential campaigns before being chosen by Gromov to head RT. The U.S. intelligence assessment of RT paints Simonyan as the lead person, along with Gromov, engaging in "information warfare" against U.S. policies. She is described as "closely tied to, controlled by the Kremlin."
In his dinner speech, Putin praised RT for its objectivity, disclaiming any influence on its coverage.
Next to Simonyan was the night's biggest global cultural celebrity, acclaimed director Emir Kusturica, who has twice won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Born a Muslim in Bosnia, he converted to Orthodox Christianity and is a Putin booster. Putin awarded him the Russian Order of Friendship in 2016. Of Putin, Kusturica once said, "If I was English, I would be very much against him. I was an American, I would even fight with him. But if I was Russian, I would vote for him."
Kusturica's wife, seated next to him, was the only spouse at the head table.
Also at the head table were three western politicians. Willy Wimmer, a former member of the German Bundestag who is often critical of U.S. foreign policy; Cyril Svoboda, former deputy prime minister, minister of foreign affairs, and interior minister of the Czech Republic, and two-time U.S. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, the only American besides Flynn at the head table.
Willy Wimmer, left, is a former member of the German Bundestag who is often critical of U.S. foreign policy. Two-time U.S. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein was the only American besides Flynn at the head table. RT
Stein's 2016 campaign was heavily promoted by RT. She hasn't spoken much about the RT dinner, but in an interview with NBC News last fall, she deflected questions about her appearance, instead chastising the U.S. media for not paying attention to her campaign while RT gave it a lot more attention.
"And my own connection to RT, you know ironically, it takes a Russian television station to actually be open to independent candidates in this country and that is a shame. A shameful commentary on our own media," she told NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald.
(Stein did well enough to help Russia achieve its aims. Her vote totals in the crucial states of Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan were all greater than Clinton's margin of defeat, and arguably denied Clinton an Electoral College victory.)
Beyond the head table, Russia's oligarchs filled many of the seats.
Seated at a corner table was Mikhail Prokhorov, the owner of the Brooklyn Nets who ran against Putin as the designated liberal candidate in 2012 (and whose offices were raided by Russian security last April). Prokhorov is now on the outs with Putin. Next to him was Viktor Vekselberg, whose billions are in oil and aluminum and who is a business partner of Trump's Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and the owner of the world's largest collection of Faberge eggs.
Mikhail Prokhorov, owner of the Brooklyn Nets, ran against against Vladimir Putin as the designated liberal candidate in 2012. To the right of Prokhorov is fellow billionaire Viktor Vekselberg, an oil and aluminum magnate who is a business partner of Trump's Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. RT
At the table behind Putin's was Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Communist Party ruler of the Soviet Union, along with Artur Chilingarov, polar explorer and federal senator. Nearby, there was Arkady Mamontov, a famous TV host who said that a massive meteor strike that injured nearly 1,500 people in 2013 was God's vengeance on Russia's gay rights movement.
There was Tina Kandelaki, a socialite and award-winning TV host who's appeared on the covers of the Russian versions of Playboy, InStyle, and Maxim — and ran an international marketing operation for the AK-47, calling it an instrument of peace.
Unable to attend in person was WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who formerly hosted his own show on RT. Instead, he appeared via satellite as host of one of the 10th anniversary event's seminars, where he lamented the end of privacy.
Tina Kandelaki has appeared on the covers of the Russian versions of Playboy, InStyle, and Maxim and ran an international marketing operation for the AK-47, calling the gun an instrument of peace. RT
'A Great Learning Opportunity'
Flynn had already been a frequent guest on RT in the months prior to the dinner.
In an interview with Dana Priest of the Washington Post in August 2016, Flynn talked about why he accepted such a starring role. He said he didn't ask for it, that the Russians sat him next to Putin.
"I was one of the guests there. ... Some interesting characters. I found it a great learning opportunity. One of the things I learned was that Putin has no respect for the United States leadership. Not for the United States, but the leadership."
When Putin finished his speech that night, Flynn was among the first to leap to his feet and offer a standing ovation.
In the year following the dinner, RT was part of the Putin government's overt attempt to influence the U.S. election, according to the U.S. Intelligence Community. In the January 2017 report on Russian interference, the IC discussed the network's role at length.
Mikhail Gorbachev sat a table behind Putin's. RT
"RT's criticism of the U.S. election," said the report, "was the latest facet of its broader and longer-standing anti-U.S. messaging likely aimed at undermining viewers' trust in U.S. democratic procedures and undercutting U.S. criticism of Russia's political system. RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan recently declared that the United States itself lacks democracy and that it has 'no moral right to teach the rest of the world.'"
Jill Stein declined an NBC News request for comment.
TITISEE-NEUSTADT, Germany — Richard Freitag led a German 1-2 Sunday to win his second ski jumping World Cup of the season and extend his overall lead.
Strong winds and heavy snow forced the event to be postponed three times and the competition to be decided by one jump rather than two.
Freitag soared 145.0 metres for 128.4 points, beating teammate Andreas Wellinger by 2.4 after his jump of 139.5 metres.
Daniel Andre Tande of Norway was third, ahead of Japan's Junshiro Kobayashi and Norway's Robert Johansson.
After five events, Freitag leads the standings with 370 points, ahead of Wellinger on 319 and Tande on 280.
Brandon Kent Sundeen, of Devils Lake, faces terrorizing, driving under the influence and assault charges after reports he was waving a gun early Tuesday morning at Thirsty's Bar in downtown Devils Lake.
Peter Owlboy Jr. told the Forum News Service that Sundeen was outside the bar and appeared drunk and ready to fight. Sundeen also pointed a gun at Owlboy's chest, the victim said, adding he feared for his life.
Sundeen eventually left after calming down, Owlboy said.
Devils Lake Police said they later pulled Sundeen over and booked him at the Lake Region Law Enforcement Center.
Charges had not been filed against Sundeen as of Tuesday evening.
WILLIAMSON, West Virginia — The deadly math in this struggling but proud West Virginia town breaks down like this: For over a decade, two pharmacies just four blocks apart dispensed some 20.8 million prescription painkillers in a town of just 3,191 residents.
That's more than 6,500 prescription painkillers per person in this coal-mining town that sits just across the Tug Fork River from Kentucky.
Those jarring figures were released this week by the congressional committee investigating the epidemic that has ravaged the Rust Belt — and the two regional drug wholesalers, Miami-Luken and H.D. Smith, that are accused of swamping Williamson with millions of highly addictive opioid pills.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How the over-prescription of opioids fueled the epidemic in West Virginia 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The doctors and drug wholesalers are “making a fortune off of our downfall, you know,” recovering addict Wes Thomasson told NBC News on Thursday at a Williamson treatment center.
“If you're trying to figure out how to get rid of the epidemic, trying to figure out how to resolve the problem, start with the prescription,” he said.
That's exactly what the House Energy and Commerce Committee is doing.
“These numbers are outrageous, and we will get to the bottom of how this destruction was able to be unleashed across West Virginia,” the committee chairman, Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore., and ranking member, Rep. Frank Pallone, D-N.J., vowed in a joint statement.
A Hatfield-McCoy Trail sign along a railroad track in Williamson, West Virginia on Nov. 11, 2016. Steve Helber / AP file
Last year there were 13 fatal drug overdoses in Mingo County, of which Williamson is the county seat, and 711 deaths from drugs in the 54 other counties that make up the state, according to the West Virginia Health Statistics Center.
Other recovering addicts, like Deiara Warrix and Mindy Leffe, said that Williamson feels awash with opioids.
“If you want it you can get it,” Warrix said. “You go to the pharmacy and you get five prescriptions of it."
She added, "It's just not right, really.”
Attorney Mike Troy, who represents Williamson and Mingo County in its legal battle with drug wholesalers, said even he was taken aback by the sheer number of painkillers in the town.
"You can't live and breathe and not be shocked by the numbers," Troy said. "But you also can't live in these communities and really be all that amazed when you see how it touches every family, you know? I mean, there's none of us that don't have a family member who's addicted, in treatment, and homeless. It's just all-consuming in these communities."
Lawmakers have sent letters to Miami-Luken and H.D. Smith demanding to know why millions of hydrocodone and oxycodone pills were sent from 2006 to 2016 to “five pharmacies in particular” in four tiny West Virginia towns that have a total population of about 22,000.
Two of those pharmacies are in Williamson — Tug Valley Pharmacy and the Hurley Drug Company.
During the decade in question, each was shipped more than 10 million hydrocodone and oxycodone pills, the letters to the drug wholesalers revealed.
Among other things, the lawmakers are seeking to find out whether the drug wholesalers used “any analytic tools” to determine whether the amount of pills they were shipping to the drug stores “was appropriate for a town of 3,191 in a rural region of West Virginia.”
In the letter to Miami-Luken, they asked whether the company made any attempt “to understand why the number of pills that it sent to Tug Valley Pharmacy increased by over 350 percent over a single year period from 2008 to 2009.”
In the letter to H.D. Smith president J. Christopher Smith, the lawmakers asked why the company supplied the two Williamson pharmacies with “39,000 hydrocodone pills over a two-day period in October 2007.”
“If so, were any red flags raised about potentially suspicious orders, and were any suspicious order reports submitted to the DEA?” they wrote.
Both companies were given until Feb. 9 to answer their questions.
Richard Blake, a lawyer for Miami-Luken, said they are in the process of crafting a response.
“We're cooperating with the committee, we continue to cooperate with the committee,” Blake said.
There was no immediate response from H.D. Smith to a request for comment.
Tug Valley Pharmacy declined to comment for this story but the Hurley Drug Company called the congressional letters “misleading.” The owner said the family-run business served not just Williamson but also the large surrounding area and insisted that its employees only filled legal prescriptions.
In 2016, West Virginia had the nation's highest fatal drug overdose rate with 52 per 100,000 people, far out pacing Ohio, which had 39.1 fatalities per 100,000 people, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
West Virginia was also one of the states with the highest rates of opioid prescriptions, according to the CDC.
Gutierrez and Reiss reported from Williamson, West Virginia. Siemaszko reported from New York City.
It's a touch of glass If you've had a memorable bottle of wine recently — let's say a 2000 Chateau Margaux at someone's weekend home, a corporate function or at pretty much any dinner party...
SIGHT UNSEEN NATHAN Tia, a creative lead for Centric, a new-media agency, has never met his boss face to face. And it's not because he's an underperformer who hasn't been singled out...
MYSPACE RACE BEN Hordell, founder of DXStreet, an online viral marketing firm, won't hire anyone who isn't savvy at navigating social-networking sites. And it's not because he needs more friends on Facebook....
THINK OUTSIDE THE IN-BOX TRYING TO SAVE SOME FACE TIME ON a recent afternoon, Erin Creagh, an account executive at the Manhattan ad agency Kaplan Thaler Group, did something unusual: she got up from...
THE NEW KID “EIGHTY percent of success is just showing up,” Woody Allen famously quipped. But a different reality awaits the hordes of '07 grads who are starting to fl ood the city's...
INTO THE IN-BOX For busy professionals, keeping up with the e-mail onslaught can be a full-time job in itself, especially now that the buzzing of a BlackBerry is as ubiquitous in Manhattan as...
Ever wondered what would happen if the entire Asda workforce burst into a striptease during your weekly shop? Us neither. But ITV's documentary The Real Full Monty has answered that question for you anyway.
Well, almost. Instead of regular supermarket staff, the show sees seven famous faces rehearsing the famous post office dance from the original Full Monty film – moves they'll later perform at The London Palladium.
And while Asda isn't quite up to the Palladium's 2000 seat capacity, stars such as Pointless's Alexander Armstrong and McFly drummer Harry Judd have to perform down the shopping aisles to stiffen their resolve in preparation.
Also taking on the challenge choreographed by Diversity's Ashley Banjo is TOWIE star Elliott Wright, ballet dancer Wayne Sleep, former Olympic swimmer Mark Foster, Emmerdale's Matthew Wolfenden, presenter Dom Littlewood and Death in Paradise star Danny John Jules.
And don't worry, there's good reason behind it all: the doc is hoping to raise awareness of both prostate and testicular cancer with its reminder of the strip scene in The Full Monty, a film that turns 20 this year.
For many of the stars, the challenge was a no-brainer. “When this opportunity to revisit and celebrate The Full Monty came up, on that level alone I was completely won over," said Armstrong. "I adored the film.”
Other celebs have a personal connection to the diseases, with Wright's father diagnosed with testicular cancer, and Wayne Sleep having previously fought the illness.
So, who will dare to bare all for a good cause? And who'll get a restraining order from Asda? We'll find out soon...
The Real Full Monty is on Thursday 15th June at 8:30pm on ITV
Stop spiking of board marks, make moderation policy public: Centre asks states
Prakash Kumar, DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 21:19 IST
The HRD ministry has asked the state governments to do away with moderation marks unless a few specific conditions are met. DH file photo for representation.
The Centre has asked all States to end the practice of “spiking” the scores of the Class X and XII board examinations to ensure that the results are “true reflection” of the performance of the students from 2018.
In an official communication to all States, the Human Resource Development (HRD) Ministry also sought them to make their moderation policy public by uploading the same on the websites of their respective school examination boards.
All secondary school examination boards should also disclose “the quantum of moderation” on a year-to-year basis and upload the same of their websites to maintain “transparency,” it added.
“Practice of awarding moderation marks should be done away with, except in the cases of ambiguity in the question papers, inter-set variation in difficulty level if multiple sets system exists in the board, and vagaries in the evaluation process based on the statistical analysis,” the Ministry said.
The “bunching of marks” and their spiking should be “completely” avoided, it said.
The States have also been suggested not to add the scores of students' extra-curricular activities in the main marks statement, sources said.
“They have suggested to show performance of students in extra-curricular activities separately on the marks statement rather than adding them into their scholastic performance. This is to ensure that the weightage of extra-curricular activities should remain same across the boards,” sources added.
The Ministry's advisory to the States comes following recommendations of an inter-board committee, set up under the central Board of Secondary School (CBSE) chairman earlier this year to suggest measures to address the issue.
The Ministry has accepted the committee's recommendation that the practice of awarding grace marks to board examination students should continue.
“The States, however, has been suggested to disclose their policy for awarding the grace marks,” official sources said.
The States have been requested to respond to the Ministry's “advisory” by the end of this month's, they added.
The practice of awarding grace marks is different from the moderation of the board marks.
While the grace marks is awarded to a student in case he or she is short of few marks to pass in one or two subjects in the board examinations, moderation is done for all the students to bring parity in their scores in view of the subjectivity involved in the evaluation of papers, variation in difficulty levels due to more than one question sets and other conditions.
While the moderation of examination scores is a well accepted method in most of the countries to bring parity in the evaluation of students performance, the school examination boards in India use the moderation policy to inflate the scores to safeguard the interests of their students against any disadvantage.
NASCAR is examining what penalties to issue when teams don't pass inspection before qualifying, will have a different inspection procedure this weekend at Martinsville and remains committed to inspecting cars at the R&D Center, a series official said Monday.
Scott Miller, senior vice president of competition, made the comments on “The Morning Drive” on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio.
Thirteen cars did not make a qualifying attempt Friday at Auto Club Speedway because they failed to pass inspection in time. Among the drivers who started at the rear in Sunday's race because of that were Denny Hamlin, Jimmie Johnson, Chase Elliott, Clint Bowyer, Aric Almirola, William Byron, Kasey Kahne, Daniel Suarez and Alex Bowman.
They would have had an advantage with starting on sticker tires while those who qualified had run laps on their tires. Auto Club Speedway's surface wears tires. Fresher tires produce faster speeds.
NASCAR decided to allow teams that qualified to purchase a sticker set to start the race on, so every team would be on equal footing. For the Xfinity race, NASCAR stated that any team that didn't pass inspection before qualifying would be forced to pass through pit road at the start of the race. Every car passed inspection.
“Moving forward, I'm not sure either thing will be where we land, but we certainly will be working on something to keep from having to react like that at the race track,'' Miller said.
At Martinsville this weekend, NASCAR will not have inspection before qualifying. Instead, cars will be inspected after Saturday's qualifying. That inspection also will serve as inspection before the race since cars will be impounded after qualifying.
If any team fails inspection, their qualifying time will be disallowed and they will start at the rear of the field for Sunday's race at Martinsville.
“We're actually kind of looking forward to that as a way forward actually,'' Miller said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “It would be really good if we could get it down to one major inspection for the weekend moving forward.''
Miller also addressed the issue of if NASCAR would consider no longer inspecting cars at the R&D Center a few days after the event but complete the inspection process at the track.
Twice this month, NASCAR has announced penalties that were discovered at the R&D Center three days after that particular race.
“We're looking at a lot of different things that potentially could be something different,'' Miller said. “We want to make sure that we're doing a thorough job of inspecting the race cars and right now the R&D Center is our best avenue for doing that.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Report: Chargers LB Denzel Perryman out at least four games
Denzel Perryman could miss a significant amount of time due to the injury he sustained over the weekend.
The LA Chargers linebacker was carted off the field on Sunday night during his team's preseason opener. ESPN's Adam Schefter initially reported on Monday morning that Perryman would miss 4-6 weeks. Now NFL Media's Ian Rapoport says Perryman will miss at least the first four games with the ankle injury.
#Chargers LB Denzel Perryman suffered an ankle injury that will keep him out at least the first 4 games, source said. He may need surgery. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 14, 2017
The 24-year-old could need surgery, per Rapoport.
Perryman posted 145 tackles and four sacks over his first two seasons. He was set to be a central figure in the Chargers' defense this season.
A handful of Silicon Valley executives hope they have come up with a powerful weapon to fight sexual harassment. The group, including former Google exec Sukhinder Singh, have funded an...
Angry Judge Blasts Uber in Waymo Trade-Secrets Case
Uber's lawyers can't be trusted, an angry federal judge said Tuesday as he lambasted the ride-hailing giant for withholding from him a document full of explosive allegations amid proceedings for Waymo's trade-secrets lawsuit against Uber, new reports said.
"I can no longer trust the words of the lawyers for Uber in this case," Judge William Alsup said in Northern California U.S. District Court, according to the New York Times.
The document was a heavily redacted letter from lawyers for Uber's former global-intelligence manager Richard Jacobs, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
Google's self-driving- spinoff Waymo sued Uber in February, alleging a former Waymo executive stole trade secrets and brought them to Uber, which allegedly used them for its own self-driving-car program.
Read out in court, the letter said Jacobs knew that Uber had a team whose job was to "steal trade secrets at least from Waymo in the United States," according to the Chronicle report Tuesday, which described Alsup as "visibly angry" during the hearing.
"My court order said stuff like that had to be produced," Alsup said, according to the Chronicle. "It was withheld from me."
However, Jacobs, testifying Tuesday on Alsup's orders, said he didn't stand by that statement in the 37-page letter, which he said he'd signed in a rush without seeing that part.
Uber denies the claims and says it hasn't used Waymo technology.
Jacobs testified that he didn't believe his work for Uber's secretive former Strategic Services Group was "patently illegal." But, he said, he had "questions about the ethics of it" and "it felt overly aggressive and invasive," Bloomberg reported Tuesday.
"None of the testimony today changes the merits of the case," an Uber spokeswoman told this news organization Tuesday. "Jacobs himself said on the stand today that he was not aware of any Waymo trade secrets being stolen."
The Uber spokeswoman also emailed a statement that Uber issued Monday about the impending trial: "Uber has been waiting for its day in court for quite some time now. We're keen to have a jury finally hear this case on its merits."
The judge also brought up "a hidden system of messaging at Uber" that he said was potentially criminal, according to Bloomberg.
"He described an 'invisible system, not part of the regular server system' that deletes messages almost instantaneously, after a small delay," Bloomberg reported.
Alsup granted Waymo's request to delay the start of the trial, for which jury selection had been scheduled to begin Wednesday. Waymo argued that it needed more time because, it claimed, Uber had hidden the letter.
"If even half of what is in that letter is true, it would be an injustice for Waymo to go to trial," Alsup said, according to the New York Times.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by Google/Waymo.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Officials in a central Italian city have confirmed that a suspect in drive-by shootings against foreigners has been apprehended.
The city of Macerata's Twitter account says the gunman has been captured about two hours after he began a shooting rampage from a black automobile. Macerata was the scene of a gruesome killing earlier this week of a white Italian woman. The chief suspect in that killing is a Nigerian.
Authorities had warned citizens to stay inside Saturday while the shooter remained at large. The number of victims hasn't been confirmed.
While the recently announced departure of Thayer Street staples like Nice Slice, Rockstar and Johnny Rockets may have been a blow to the College Hill community, director of the Thayer Street District Management Authority Donna Personeus confirmed that the blow may be softened by the establishment of two new restaurants — Tropical Smoothie Café and Chopsticks — on Thayer Street.
Chopsticks will be located at 277 Thayer St., between the Army/Navy Surplus store and Durk's Bar-B-Q while Tropical Smoothie Café will occupy the vacant lot above Soban Korean Eatery at 272 Thayer St.
Tropical Smoothie Cafe — which has a location in Wayland Square and hundreds nationwide — is known for its wide array of smoothies, ranging from “indulgent” offerings on their menu like the Mocha Madness — made with chocolate, coffee, cappuccino and non-fat yogurt — to “superfood” smoothies, which contain more salutary ingredients like kale, spinach and a variety of fruits.
For those unwilling to imbibe their nutrients in blended form, the chain also offers a selection of wraps, sandwiches and flatbreads including the featured “Cha Cha Sriracha Flatbread,” which consists of grilled chicken, mozzarella, pineapple salsa and a caramelized pineapple Sriracha sauce. The restaurant's opening date is uncertain, but Personeus placed it around May of this year.
Chopsticks is a new business that will function like a grab-and-go establishment, offering Chinese stir-fry options to the residents of College Hill. Personeus said the restaurant will open sometime around June or July — fully operational in time for classes in the fall.
While no establishment has billed itself in exactly the same manner, Chopsticks will have to find a niche of its own on a hill that is already saturated with restaurants offering a wide range of Asian cuisines.
Along with the recently announced Chinese-skewer joint Wow Barbecue, Chopsticks must also compete with Soban, Haruki Express, Shanghai, Sushi Express, Yan's Cuisine, Wong's Kitchen and Den-Den's College Hill outpost Korean Fried Chicken.
“Property owners are trying to move in businesses that are going to be successful in the long-run,” Personeus said. “But they're trying to listen to students and other members of the community at the same time.”
Personeus pointed to the soon-to-be arrival of restaurants like by CHLOE — known for its offering of 100 percent vegan and kosher-certified food — and southern-style Durk's Bar-B-Q as evidence of this receptiveness.
While Personeus could only confirm the establishment of Chopsticks and Tropical Smoothie, she acknowledged that new businesses would be opening in the spaces formerly occupied by English Cellar Alehouse and Nice Slice in the near future.
Additionally, the legal details of a development on the abandoned building at 249 Thayer St. are currently being worked out.
While negotiations are still underway, Personeus said she anticipated that the lot will be converted into a four-story building, the first floor of which will have space available for a business. Two floors would serve as office space while the top floor would function as space for high-end condominiums.
Personeus said that these developments, as well as others currently in the works that cannot yet be confirmed, are evidence of positive development for a street whose future once seemed uncertain.
“It looked for a long time like Thayer was dying,” Personeus said. “But the Thayer Renaissance is on, and you never know what's going to come next.”
Bright, busy and colourful, newly digitised pages of Zhvandun magazine - Life in English - reveal the aspirations of Afghanistan's elite during decades of political and social change.
It rolled off presses through most of the second half of the 20th Century, mixing articles on global affairs, society and history with fun stuff on film stars and fashion.
Think, perhaps, of Time magazine with added poetry and short stories.
Over five politically tumultuous decades the pages of Zhvandun mirrored the upheavals of the time. But they also captured something more fragile - the ideals and dreams of their readers.
Zhvandun was produced for the few in a country where the great majority were illiterate.
Its authors and readership lived mainly in Kabul. They were progressive people, with time and resources to think about which film to see at the cinema or how to alter a hemline.
Zhvandun was on the more frivolous side of a host of magazines produced in Afghanistan from the late 1920s onwards.
Kabul magazine was the vehicle of the most celebrated Afghan writers and thinkers.
Adab (Culture) was the periodical of Kabul University, while Children's Companion (Kamkayano Anis) was full of puzzles and stories.
Zhvandun arrived in 1949, a momentous year in the region. The old European empires were crumbling in the wake of World War Two.
Afghanistan's neighbours, India, Pakistan and Iran, were crucibles of new post-colonial thinking.
Afghanistan had a modern state to build and at least some money in the bank.
King Zahir invited many foreign advisers to help him evolve his vision and sought support from both the United States and the Soviet Union.
The coming of Ariana Airlines in 1955 connected Afghanistan to destinations across half the world.
Its most famous route was from Kabul to Frankfurt by way of Tehran, Damascus, Beirut and Ankara. It was called the Marco Polo route, after the 13th Century Italian traveller.
Internally, Afghan cities that were separated by mountains and deserts became linked by regular flights.
Advertisements creep into Zhvandun in the 1960s.
Cars, fridges, baby milk - such items would have been wildly beyond the reach of many, but for a few they represented the allure of lifestyle revolution, especially for women.
King Zahir's uncle Mohammed Daoud Khan deposed his nephew in 1973.
Casting aside centuries of tradition, he declared himself not king but president of a new republic.
It's interesting to see the rise of local advertisements in Zhvandun during this period as Daoud Khan encouraged Afghan factories and services.
But Afghanistan seethed with new political ideas and rivalries and Daoud Khan was swept away himself by a group of communist army officers in 1978.
Known in Afghanistan as the Saur Revolution, this revolt heralded the generation of war that reverberates to this day.
Commercial advertisements disappeared with the Soviet invasion of 1979.
But Zhvandun continued to mirror dreams of a different sort.
Soviet film stars replaced Hollywood. Farm machinery appeared instead of tape recorders and fridges.
We find reflections even of the Soviet preoccupation with utopias.
Yet, for all the depictions of Lenin and gymnastics teams, there is something similar about the United States and the Soviet Union in their visions of modernity as revealed in Zhvandun.
Zhvandun, Kabul and the other magazine titles all ceased publication after the Soviet defeat in the 1990s.
Those were chaotic times and many writers, printers and readers fled the country.
The rise of the Taliban meant that many never returned and this valuable social record disappeared.
But the Afghan journals were not the sort a reader might casually throw away. Collectors and libraries kept them carefully.
The US Library of Congress stored a near complete set across the border in Pakistan.
Hundreds of these magazines have now been digitised in partnership with the Carnegie Corporation, as part of the World Digital Library.
They can be explored here - or read about the Afghanistan Project.
It's hard to find the paper copies now, but they still turn up in street markets from time to time.
All images reproduced courtesy: Library of Congress and the World Digital Library
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A fake Starbucks coupon offering free coffee to “people of color only” to say “we're sorry” is the latest salvo in an ongoing meme warfare campaign that exploits trending news topics to spread messages of hate and divisiveness from the fringes into the mainstream consciousness.
The counterfeit coffee coupon, created to further stoke outrage after two black men were arrested in a Philadelphia Starbucks for trespassing, purported to start a “dialogue” to address racial bias. Its origins are more insidious.
On April 17 at 10:36 a.m., a member of the notorious anonymous message board 4chan posted a new image, launching what it dubbed “Operation Mermaid.”
“Here's a fake Starbucks coupon for marginalized folks,” said the poster, who said it would be “fun” if people tried to redeem it at the coffee chain. “You know what to do.”
Like-minded members replied back with hoots of laughter, racist and homophobic slurs, and offered design tweaks to make the offer look more official, such as applying the Starbucks corporate font or optimizing the coupon for display on mobile. “To be credible, it needs one of those things for mobile phones,” one poster said. Another obliged, posting a QR code that translated to the n-word.
A few hours and several iterations later, the operation moved into its second stage: transmission. By dinnertime, Daryush “Roosh” Valizadeh, a pickup-artist blogger and the leader of a misogynist, so-called neo-masculinist group, tweeted the finished image, adding: “There's a Starbucks coupon for free coffee if you have ‘African-American heritage.' Even if it's not real, I bet Starbucks would honor it.”
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter referenced the coupon in a response to a tweet by Donald Trump Jr. about the nomination of the first black woman as brigadier general of the Marine Corps, tweeting to her nearly 2 million followers, “AND she gets free coffee at Starbucks!”
Fans flooded her social media with racist comments and GIFS professing outrage over the #FreeBlackCoffee offer, while critics identified the coupon as a hoax.
By Thursday, the coupon had inspired dozens of fact checks, news articles and think pieces in outlets like Snopes, The Washington Post and USA Today.
Inspiration for the coupon may have come on April 15 when controversial online comedian Bryan Sharpe, an African-American, posted a video of himself going into a Starbucks saying he had heard the store was giving away free coffee “because you're racist” and demanded his free “reparations coffee.”
The video drew over 200,000 views and was amplified by right-wing and conspiracy sites. In a later interview with Fox News host Laura Ingraham, Sharpe said he pretended to follow a “liberal narrative” of “making blacks looks like victims” in order to get on the news. “And voila, here I am,” he said.
While some labeled the racist campaign a failure, the outsize reaction had already proven Operation Mermaid's success.
On Gab, the Twitter alternative favored by white supremacists, users celebrated the fake coupon's coverage. Gab even left its own echo chamber to post an update on its Twitter account, where it would be seen by the masses. “We have the media fact-checking obvious memes, thus spreading them even further. What a glorious time to be alive,” the Gab account tweeted.
Meme warfare
It's not the first time Starbucks has been the target of meme-makers — after the company denounced President Donald Trump's plan to end the controversial Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program last year, a 4chan user created fliers for a scam “Dreamer Day” promotion, offering 40 percent off beverages for undocumented immigrants.
In another example, users planted posts on a 4chan message board in February in an attempt to trick reporters into linking the shooter from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, with the Republic of Florida, a fringe white supremacist group with fewer than a dozen members that struggled for wider recognition. The scheme worked, with outlets like ABC News and The Associated Press writing stories that included the false connection.
Jeff Giesea, an information warfare expert who supported Trump, said the trolls can be thought of as “guerilla soldiers of the information environment” practicing “asymmetric activism” to express their perspective, as well as delight in the “lulz” from provoking predictable outrage from the left and mainstream media — ginning up more amplification and coverage in the process.
Because the memes start on anonymous message boards and then progress to high-traffic link-sharing sites like Reddit and Twitter that allow for anonymous users and are often the breeding ground for trending social media topics, it's usually impossible to unmask the originators or their motives.
“Are these just guys in their basements looking for lulz?” said Giesea. “Are these activists trying to get a message across? Are they foreign adversaries trying to sow chaos? Or maybe a blend of all of the above?”
Whoever it began with, Starbucks is clear that it wasn't anyone from the company.
“This is completely false and in no way associated with Starbucks,” a representative from Starbucks wrote in a statement to NBC News.
More than a joke
Hate groups will “do anything inflammatory online or offline to generate media coverage, because it's a way to draw attention from the broader population of racists that they can currently reach with their websites,” said Keegan Hankes, a senior intelligence analyst at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate groups. Hankes likened the coupon incident to a common white supremacist tactic of stuffing racist fliers into library books or, more recently, putting “It's OK to be white!” cards into boxes of diapers at Target.
While trolls may insist their efforts are purely for comic effect, Hankes offered a more insidious motivation.
“This is walking people — even if they aren't going to join a hate group — you're walking them towards a more racialized world,” he said. “The larger project is trying to get people to see things through the lens of race and further the sense of injustice for white people.”
By Thursday, as the viral coupon hoax came to its natural conclusion, another seemed ready to be born.
“We at Starbucks are very sorry to hear about people being tricked into believing a hoax,” read a note written on company letterhead and tweeted by Breitbart podcaster and black conservative pundit Sonnie Johnson. The new deal offers a free beverage to “ALL of our customers.”
A representative for the coffee giant confirmed to NBC News, “This is also completely false and in no way associated with Starbucks.”
TORONTO — The Toronto Film Critics Association has selected “The Florida Project” as best picture in its awards announced on Sunday.
Sean Baker's drama is about kids growing up in a welfare motel in the shadow of Disney World.
Willem Dafoe was chosen Best Supporting Actor for his role as the motel manager.
Best Director honours went to Greta Gerwig for her comedic drama, “Lady Bird.” The film's co-star Laurie Metcalf, was chosen Best Supporting Actress.
Daniel Day-Lewis won for Best Actor for “Phantom Thread,” while Frances McDormand was picked as Best Actress for her portrayal of a driven and tormented mother in “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The members of the film critics association also chose the three finalists for the Rogers Best Canadian Film Award: “Hello Destroyer,” “Werewolf,” and “Wexford Plaza.”
The winner will be named at the association's awards gala next month, top prize is $100,000.
It's been nothing but bad news for ZTE over the last couple months, but there's finally a positive development for the Chinese technology firm. The US Commerce Department has temporarily lifted part of the trade ban that effectively shut down ZTE back in April. This will help ZTE keep the lights on as it works toward full compliance.
The authorization runs from July 2nd to August 1st, allowing ZTE to continue operating existing networks and equipment, as well as provide support to owners of ZTE phones. ZTE can also do limit business with US companies. The bulk of the trade ban remains in effect, but ZTE is rushing to comply with the recently agreed upon framework for lifting it.
It's unclear what will happen at the end of the temporary reprieve. ZTE has already paid the new $1 billion fine and has been shedding senior management as required by the agreement. It has yet to deposit a further $400 million in escrow, but that should happen soon. Bloomberg reports that ZTE expects to be in full compliance within a month, so it could be allowed to resume normal operations. However, the US Congress is toying with a bill that would reinstate the ban against ZTE. That measure still has to survive the conference committee as part of a larger bill. Nothing is decided yet.
WASHINGTON — Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., offered one of his employees $5 million to carry his child, according to an associate of the former staffer, a revelation that offers more insight into the Republican's abrupt resignation announcement a day before.
Andrea Lafferty, president of the Traditional Values Coalition, said in an interview with NBC News Friday that a former staffer first told her of the offer when she reached out to Lafferty about a year ago seeking advice about the work environment in Franks' Congressional office.
With allegations of sexual harassment currently making waves on Capitol Hill and nationwide, the woman told Lafferty that she would be willing to tell her story to House Speaker Paul Ryan's office. Lafferty sat in the meeting with the woman and Ryan's staff last week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman Trent Franks to resign after surrogacy remarks to staff 2:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Lafferty said Franks presented the woman with the contract to be a surrogate for his child but the woman said she didn't want to see it because she was not interested. Franks approached the woman "repeatedly," Lafferty said, and the aide rejected the offer each time.
The details of the offer were first reported by the Associated Press.
"This was an abuse of his authority and it was an unwanted sexual advance and she was intimidated," Lafferty said.
Franks and his wife have struggled with infertility for two decades, Franks said in a statement announcing his resignation on Thursday. The couple had twins through a surrogate eight years ago.
As Franks announced his resignation, the House Ethics Committee announced it was opening a probe into the congressman. Franks originally said he would resign at the end of January but as more details emerged, he announced it would be effective immediately.
"Last night, my wife was admitted to the hospital in Washington, D.C. due to an ongoing ailment. After discussing options with my family, we came to the conclusion that the best thing for our family now would be for me to tender my previous resignation effective today, December 8th, 2017,” Franks wrote in a statement.
Franks is a socially conservative member of the House Freedom Caucus.
Ryan's office began investigation the allegations last week. Franks admitted the behavior to Ryan early this week. Ryan told him he would refer the case to the Ethics Committee and urged him to resign.
The House Ethics Committee notification said it was looking into sexual harassment and retaliation. Lafferty said the employee, as well as another female aide, were retaliated against but Lafferty declined to give details because she wants the women involved to decide what further details are released.
"I am a conservative Christian Republican and he claims to be all these things, and for him to do all these things is — I just couldn't sit by and allow this. It's just wrong," Lafferty said.
Man arrested for allegedly trying to sell high school diplomas These high-school diplomas aren't worth the paper they're printed on. A 25-year-old Bronx man advertised the sale of city Department of Education diplomas for $350 on Craigslist. “Email if seriously...
Principal let kids pass with online classes without teachers: staff In a rush to boost his graduation rate, the principal of Hillcrest HS gave 172 students credits for online courses that had no teachers, whistleblowers charge. Principal David Morrison listed...
NCAA slaps Larry Brown with 9-game ban for dirty SMU program DALLAS — The NCAA has banned the SMU men's basketball team from postseason play and suspended coach Larry Brown for nine games during the upcoming season after finding multiple violations...
SJU investigates recruit Thomas' transcript: sources In the wake of alleged transcript fraud at Westchester Community College that cost two former players Division I scholarships, St. John's is looking into newcomer Keith Thomas' transcript, to see...
Early clinical trials show that a birth control pill for men may soon be a reality.
According to US News and World Report, the new pill, called DMAU, is a combination of hormones — an androgen and progestin — and when taken daily could bring sperm count low enough so a man can't get his partner pregnant.
The trials showed the pill can be given safely for more than one dose, but did not yet test for its success as contraception.
“DMAU is a major step forward in the development of a once-daily ‘male pill,'” said the study's senior investigator, Dr. Stephanie Page, during the Endocrine Society's Annual conference.
The professor of medicine at the University of Washington explained, “Many men say they would prefer a daily pill as a reversible contraceptive, rather than long-acting injections or topical gels, which are also in development.”
Previous attempts at developing an oral pill for men led to liver inflammation and toxicity, but according to Page that doesn't seem to be the case here.
“There was no evidence of liver toxicity. We did see mild weight gain and an increase in cholesterol levels and that may require us to fine tune the dosing, but overall we are very encouraged about the safety profile of dimethandrolone,” she said in a report in MedPageToday.
Following the safety trial, a three-month study will begin in April to determine if DMAU works as a contraceptive.
Page pointed out that, “Condoms are the only practical reversible form of male contraception — and it is more than 300 years old.” The researcher added that studies indicate that men prefer taking an oral contraception rather than an injection or implant.
President Donald Trump pauses while speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House in Washington, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Republican activists are rallying around his reponse to a white nationalist rally that has drawn widespread criticism. Evan Vucci AP
Image copyright Getty Images
Maternity services at Dr Gray's Hospital in Elgin are being downgraded due to staffing shortages.
Some pregnant women who are considered to be medium to high risk will need to travel to Aberdeen or Inverness to give birth from mid July.
NHS Grampian said it was the only option given low staff numbers, and it had to ensure women and children receive safe and sustainable care.
Moray MSP Richard Lochhead said the system for rotas was broken.
Sue Swift, NHS Grampian's divisional manager for the women and children's service, said: "We want to be absolutely clear that some medium and high risk pregnancies will need to be booked to birth elsewhere to ensure the safety of mum and baby.
"This is not a change we wanted to make but, in the end, it was the only option given the low staff numbers.
"It is critical that we ensure women and children receive safe and sustainable care.
"The new arrangements will begin on 18 July."
'Really deflated'
Mr Lochhead said: "This is hugely disappointing news given that staff recruitment problems mean that more women will now be transferred to other hospitals out with Moray to give birth.
"In terms of how safe rotas are configured in our hospital wards, the system is clearly broken, with too much reliance on using trainee doctors who can choose where to go.
"This needs to change, and change quickly."
The Keep MUM (Maternity Unit for Moray) group has been campaigning to protect services at Dr Gray's.
Keep MUM chairwoman Kirsty Watson said: "I have grave concerns, for women and babies. How can it ever be safe to go in ambulance when you are in labour, to travel at least a 90-minute journey.
"The staffing issues are not new issues.
"We have had a lot of support. I feel really deflated."
(WFLA) – A big change by a big power company will mean thousands of people living in Tampa Bay Area mobile home communities can breath a collective sigh of relief.
Duke Energy claims it is stepping up. From now on, it will pay to install, operate and maintain electrical lines than run from its electric poles to meter pedestals that sit outside most homes.
The change follows a series of Target 8 Investigative reports that raised questions about Duke's policy that required mobile home communities to prove the power company was responsible for old deteriorating cables.
Duke Energy left power lines lying for months on a sidewalk in Sunny Acres Mobile Home park in Pinellas County. Duke wanted proof that underground lines that shorted out were its responsibility.
Until then, the power company said burying the cables it left on on the sidewalk were not its problem. It was up to the park to pay to bury them.
“It's dangerous, it's dangerous,” homeowner Francis Dorsey complained.
Following a series of Target 8 reports, Duke buried the cables at its expense.
Then, we learned that Duke claimed a problem with the power line beneath South Gate Mobile Home Park in Clearwater wasn't its responsibility either.
“They'll do anything not to pay, that's the attitude that they have,” said homeowners' association president Ken Wade.
“After the first report, Duke power was there the next morning with two representatives, ” said South Gate's attorney Jonathan Damonte.
Again, following Target 8 ‘s report, Duke fixed the problem.
Then it wanted nothing to do with a shorted underground cable at Doral Village, also in Clearwater.
“It was my assumption that all the underground wire would've been the power company's responsibility,” explained Doral Village manager Kelly Kerr.
“After the second report, they were at Doral with two representatives. So absolutely, got instant results, it was amazing,” Damonte added.
Following Target 8's reports, Duke did a total about-face. It is now handing out a sheet to mobile home communities. Among the items on the sheet is a statement of responsibility.
“Duke Energy is responsible for the installation, operation and maintenance of the electrical infrastructure from the electric utility pole to the service meter pedestal” the sheet states.
“You convinced them,” said attorney Damonte.
According to Damonte, Duke's turn-about will save tens of thousands of mobile home residents thousands of dollars a piece when old underground cables go bad.
According to Duke Energy senior communications consultant Ana Gibbs, Duke plans to meet further with Doral mobile home park. It also hopes to meet with additional parks in the near future.
“Duke Energy is committed to responding to customers' concerns. We identified the need to provide more clear and specific guidelines regarding the ownership and maintenance of the secondary electrical infrastructure within mobile home parks, therefore, we met with representatives from Sunny Acres, South Gate and Doral mobile home park. Our goal is to ensure customers understand the ownership of electrical infrastructure within each location,” said a statement from Gibbs.
“Makes me feel a lot better, makes my clients feel even better than that. Once again, you've proved the power of investigative journalism and we thank you very much, ” said Damonte.
Ken Wade was also appreciative.
“I think it worked out really fantastic. I never expected it to work out the way it did and it really worked out fine,” he said.
If you have something that you think should be investigated, contact our Target 8 Helpline at 1 800 338-0808 or reach out to Steve Andrews at sandrews@wfla.com.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - For the fifth year in a row, Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
On the men's side, 10-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men for the coveted Mustard Belt later Wednesday.
Sudo, 32, was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
George Shea, the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off, quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water she uses while competing.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has made his first visit to Eastern Ghouta in years to congratulate his troops for retaking the 80% of the area.
Rebels had held Eastern Ghouta since 2012.
More than 1,100 civilians have been killed since pro-government forces stepped up an offensive a month ago.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Lamonte Mims and Fantasy Decuir both plead not guilty in the July murder of San Francisco photographer Ed French on Twin Peaks — Kate Larsen (@KateABC7) August 14, 2017
Ed French's sister, Lorrie, partly blames the Judge who released Mims days before the shooting on a gun charge, based on a risk assessment — Kate Larsen (@KateABC7) August 14, 2017
Lamonte Mims, 19, and Fantasy Decuir, 20, both pleaded not guilty Monday in the murder of a San Francisco photographer named Edward French.Officials said the 71-year-old victim was shot on Twin Peaks in San Francisco in July.In court last Tuesday, it was revealed that Decuir allegedly shot French in order to steal his camera. Mims is also facing a murder charge for aiding and abetting.Family and friends of the former film location manager were in court on Tuesday. They told ABC7 News French was up on Twin Peaks taking pictures of the sunrise just before the shooting.In July 2016, Mims had been convicted of a burglary in San Mateo. While on felony probation, he was arrested on July 7 of this year for possessing a firearm. On July 11 he was arraigned in court, but released by a judge while waiting for his next hearing. Five days later, on July 16, police say both Mims and Decuir committed the crime."The final arbiter and decider of custodial status is the judge," said Alex Bastian with the San Francisco District Attorney's Office.
INGERSOLL -
Downtown Ingersoll had nothing but open doors the afternoon of Friday, June 29 during the second annual Red and White Sidewalk day.
What started last year as a way to mark the Canada 150 celebrations, the Ingersoll Business Improvement Area (BIA) felt the sidewalk sale event went so well they decided to put it on again for a second year, making it an annual event.
After five months of planning, local stores prepared special sales, giveaways, and prizes for the community. Volunteers provided face painting, balloon animals, along with two local bands, the Muddkatz and The Small Town Girls, of Tillsonburg. The Musashi Karate Academy also held a barbecue.
With over 160 people in attendance last year, the goal was to surpass the total this year.
“It's a great opportunity to show community members why we love local and get outsiders to come to Ingersoll and show them what our town has to offer,” said Chelsea Jibb, economic development and tourism assistant.
It happens to us all. You're out running, or just out for a walk. And all of a sudden you feel that flick, flick of a loose shoelace.
Now science can explain exactly why it happens. And, just maybe, offer a solution.
It's simple physics, a team at the University of California Berkeley discovered.
"There is plenty of interaction between the swinging motion of your leg, causing the laces to whip forward, and also the impact on the ground. You actually need both," said Christine Gregg, a graduate student who worked on the study.
A knot failure happens two ways: gradually, then suddenly. UC Berkeley
The laces are moving and then the thunk of your foot hitting the ground jars the knot.
"The impact force of the shoe during the striking of the heel is transmitted to the knot by the tongue of the shoe and the eyelets. As a result, the center of the knot deforms," Gregg and her colleagues wrote in their report, published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society A.
It's a gradual process, until it isn't.
"The speed of the knot failure brings to mind a Hemingway line from 'The Sun Also Rises' describing a character's descent into bankruptcy—which here we found to be an apropos description of knot failure—it happens 'Two ways. Gradually, then suddenly'," the team wrote.
As a runner, Gregg had the problem frequently. "It would definitely be a problem. At least once on a run I would stop and retie them."
And the professor whose lab she works in, Oliver O'Reilly, has a daughter whose shoes never stay tied, Gregg said.
As a mechanical engineer, Gregg felt it was an important problem to solve. So the team videotaped Gregg running with her shoes tied and analyzed the forces at work.
Related: How to Motivate Yourself to Work Out
Then they tried a mechanical pendulum to really pinpoint the movements involved.
"It might seem like a trivial problem, but the fact remains that we are trying to understand what fundamentally makes a knot strong," said Gregg.
Why Some Knots Are Better
That has implications for surgery, aerospace engineering, even for parents of toddlers.
"When you talk about knotted structures, if you can start to understand the shoelace, then you can apply it to other things, like DNA or microstructures, that fail under dynamic forces," said Christopher Daily-Diamond, the other graduate student who worked on the study.
"This is the first step toward understanding why certain knots are better than others, which no one has really done."
Related: How a 'Might-Do' List can Help You Work Smarter
That's not to say there isn't a lot of knot science out there — there is. Websites will explain why granny knots are terrible and why a proper square knot not only looks better, but holds up better.
Gregg has made use of this new knowledge.
"There are many ways to solve this problem. If you are OK with double knotting, that'll work," she said.
She herself has learned to make a proper square knot instead of the twisted granny knot most people used to tie their shoes.
"I've been tying it a new way for about two years now," she said.
It wasn't easy to break old habits. "Muscle memory is both a blessing and a curse," said Gregg.
"Every once in a while I find myself going back to my old habits. I remember the first time I did it, it took me a full two minutes to tie my shoe."
Apple Music hits 38M subscribers, closes gap with Spotify Apple Music is picking up steam. Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president for internet software and services, announced at South by Southwest on Monday that the streaming music service now...
Apple HomePod sounds great but not so smart: critics Apple's new HomePod is a state-of-the-art speaker, but it's got a ways to go before it's considered “smart.” That's the consensus from tech reviewers who had time to jam out...
Apple Music could dethrone Spotify by summer Spotify could be dethroned as the king of streaming music as early as the summer. Arch-nemesis Apple Music has the Swedish company in its cross-hairs, according to WSJ.com, and could...
Drake is the LeBron James of hip hop — sort of Never mind the song of the summer: Drake's latest track has been out less than a week, and it might just be the song of the winter. Last Friday, the...
YouTube plans to launch a paid music-streaming service Alphabet Inc's YouTube plans to introduce a paid music streaming service in March, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter. Record label Warner Music Group has already...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MLB managers ignore common sense in favor of failed strategies Sunday was “Whitey Ford Bobblehead Day” at Yankee Stadium. Yet, if you looked closely, Whitey's head wasn't bobbling, it was shaking, side-to-side, in disbelief. Friday night the Yankees' bullpen, under...
Yoenis Cespedes' spiral deepens as Mets come up empty ST. LOUIS — Yoenis Cespedes is present in body, even on gimpy legs, but the Mets could use a cameo from his bat. Simply, the Mets need their biggest offensive...
The Cardinals Way: tainted, battered and impossible to kill Pick a problem a major league team can have and the Cardinals have it. They have been bitten by age, injury and under-performance. Heck, two of their best players from...
Why rival ace expects even a bigger year from Matt Harvey PORT ST. LUCIE — The road to success should be paved with gold for Matt Harvey this season. The second season after Tommy John surgery is a much different world...
2016 is Cubs' year: The 50 most interesting people in MLB This is the Cubs' year. That is not to be confused with “the Cubs are going to win the World Series.” Though they might. Which is kind of why this...
Cardinals pitching disaster could lead to Price or Greinke splash BOCA RATON, Fla. – In the last 22 seasons, the only team to have a better rotation ERA than the 2015 Cardinals' 2.99 was the 2011 Phillies. That is probably...
Arrieta's imposing presence has Cubs heading home with smile ST. LOUIS — The Cubs now head home on I-55 to Wrigley Field for the next two games of the NLDS, and they are feeling strong because ace Jake Arrieta...
3 reasons why chase for Cole Hamels, other big names will begin soon Cole Hamels no longer makes starts. He does auditions. That the Phillies ace would be traded long ago moved beyond “if” to “when.” That brought a certain resonance to his...
DH debate reignited by devastating injuries, hopeless at-bats Adam Wainwright's potentially season-ending injury, which he sustained while trying to leave the batter's box after hitting a pop-up, has re-ignited one of baseball's most impassioned debates: Should the National...
Image copyright Google Image caption The collision caused extensive damage caused to the crash barriers on the A34
A lorry driver involved in a fatal crash on the A34 has been arrested.
The crash happened at 09:19 BST on Tuesday on the A34 southbound near Bullington, Hampshire. It involved a Peugeot van, Toyota and HGV lorry.
A 43-year-old man from Reading, who was driving the Toyota Auris, was pronounced dead at the scene.
The 40-year-old lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of a number of offences, including causing death by dangerous driving.
The collision closed the southbound carriageway until 00:30 BST because of extensive damage caused to the crash barriers.
Investigations into how the crash happened are ongoing but two people remain at Southampton General Hospital with serious injuries.
The driver of the van, a 49-year-old from Reading, suffered life-threatening injuries and is now in a critical but stable condition.
A 46-year-old woman from Huddersfield, who was the front seat passenger in the lorry, suffered serious injuries while the lorry driver, also from Huddersfield, suffered minor injuries.
The lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, causing death by driving without due care or consideration while unfit through drugs, driving a motor vehicle with a proportion of specified controlled drug above the specified limit and driving while unfit through drink.
He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.
Police are asking for anyone who witnessed the crash to contact 101, quoting 44180248886.
Son sued by dad for inheritance after killing his mom A schizophrenic Manhattan man who dodged criminal responsibility for stabbing to death his wealthy philanthropist mother may finally have to pay for that heinous act with his inheritance. A Manhattan...
Man killed mom over 2-pack-a-day smoking limit, DA says A ​man on trial for ​stabbing to death his philanthropist mother in their Upper East ​Side apartment more than three years ago committed the horrific crime because ​his mom wouldn't...
Man who killed his mother deemed mentally unfit for trial The sick Upper East Side man who stabbed to death his wealthy philanthropist mother was found mentally unfit to stand trial for the third time. Schizophrenic Jonathan Schwartz was recommitted...
Image caption
The i splashes on the publication of the government's plan for the UK in the immediate aftermath of leaving the EU. It says it is a blueprint "to avoid chaos on the day after Brexit".
Reputed Bonanno underboss Nicholas “Nicky Cigars” Santora is suing over a failed hit– by the City of New York.
The 74-year-old Donnie Brasco-era wiseguy suffered four “potentially fatal” falls in jail and is in “critical condition” in a Nassau County hospital after Department of Corrections officials refused to give him a wheelchair or treat him for head injuries, according to a new Manhattan Supreme court suit.
“We don't even know if he's going to make it out of the hospital,” Santora's attorney, Michael Talassazan, told The Post.
Santora whines in court papers that he was held on an excessive $1 million bond for “nonviolent, white-collar offenses” of corrution, loan-sharking, gambling and drug dealing.
His suit says the district attorney “used a phone call between Mr. Santora and his son-in-law to fabricate a tale that insinuated that Mr. Santora was attempting to smuggle a weapon into jail.”
Talassazan said his client was recorded saying,”Go call the girl with the 22,” although he was talking about a niece who won a $22 million personal injury case and not a .22 caliber gun.
The DA also “maliciously downgraded the severity of Mr. Santora's serious health concerns on numerous occasions during bail applications, solely to keep Mr. Santora in jail,” the suit says. Talassazan said his client takes blood pressure medication and has poor balance.
“The Department of Correction has humiliated him, caused him to be permanently injured and deprived him of constitutional, civil and human rights,” the suit says.
Specifically he wasn't given prescribed medications or treated for provided with medical care after repeatedly falling and hitting his head, the suit says.
Santora first landed in Rikers Island in 2013. A 2016 proceeding resulted in a mistrial and a new trial is scheduled for April.
A day after he was finally released from jail last month Santora took another tumble, hitting his head and face and has been hospitalized ever since, according to court papers.
A spokesman for the city's Law Department said, “We will review the allegations in the complaint.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Killed in Malaysia 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A woman was detained Wednesday in connection with the suspected killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, police said.
A man believed to be Kim Jong Nam died after falling ill at Kuala Lumpur's airport on Tuesday. South Korean officials believe he was approached by two women and then poisoned as he waited to board a flight.
The woman arrested Wednesday was carrying a Vietnamese passport identifying her as 28-year-old Doan Thi Huong, according to a statement by the Royal Malaysia Police.
She was identified from security footage and was alone when she was arrested, the statement added.
Earlier, Malaysia's state news agency, Bernama, said the woman was from Myanmar, although it did not say how it knew her nationality.
Kim Jong Nam at Tokyo's Narita airport in 2001. Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP - Getty Images
The man who died at the airport was carrying documents identifying him as 46-year-old Kim Chol, according to Malaysian police.
However, lawmakers from South Korea, bitter enemy of the North, said that their intelligence agencies believe this was a false alias and that the man was in fact the half-brother of North Korea's dictator.
South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) said Kim Jong Nam has been under a "kill order" since his half-brother took power in 2011, according to opposition politician Kim Byung Kee.
NIS officials believe two women approached Kim and poisoned him as he was waiting in line for a flight to Macau, according to the lawmaker, although he added they were waiting for the autopsy report.
The man who is thought to be Kim Jong-un's sibling fell ill and died en route to the hospital.
Two women fled the scene in a taxi, South Korean officials said, although it was not immediately clear whether either of them was the women who was reportedly arrested Wednesday.
Believed to be aged in his 40s, Kim Jong Nam is believed to have fallen out of favor with the regime in 2001 after he was caught trying to enter Japan under a fake passport, saying he wanted to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
His reported death comes days after North Korea declared its first missile test since the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
Earlier this month, South Korea said its secretive northern neighbor dismissed its minister of state security, who was a key aide to Kim Jong-un and ran the country's secret police.
Olivia de Havilland's real-life 'Feud' Hollywood legend Olivia de Havilland turned 101 years young this weekend and is still as feisty as ever — evidenced by her lawsuit against FX and its limited series “Feud,”...
'Feud': The real story behind Joan's craziest diva stunt yet Warning: Spoilers ahead from Episode 7 of “Feud: Bette and Joan” The production of “What Ever Happened to Baby Jane” has come and gone on FX's “Feud,” but as the...
'Feud': How Bette Davis pioneered a big Hollywood trend Warning: This article contains spoilers from the “Feud: Bette and Joan” episode titled “More, or Less” The “discovery” of television by film stars as a legitimate way to expand (or...
A man is dead after a fiery crash early Saturday morning in south Toledo.
According to a police report, the crash involved 31-year-old William Furfaro and 36-year-old Roberto Ramirez on Glanzman Road.
Police say Ramirez was turning left onto Glanzman from Frampton just after 2 a.m., when his car flipped and caught fire in the accident.
Other drivers pulled Ramirez from the burning car, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Furfaro was taken to the hospital, but his condition is unknown at this time.
Police say speed and alcohol may be factors in the crash.
The accident is under investigation.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
The four were expected to reappear in court in Madrid in the coming days, after a prosecutor presents new evidence.
Photo
The Spanish officers had entered the building to detain a dozen Catalan officials and to confiscate documents and materials relating to an independence referendum that Spain had ordered suspended. The contentious referendum vote was held anyway, this past Sunday, and spurred violent clashes between the Spanish police and Catalans that left hundreds injured, including dozens of officers.
The government in Madrid has maintained that the national police acted proportionally, but its representative in Barcelona, Enric Millo, offered the first apology on Friday for the injuries.
“When I know that people got hit, I can only say sorry,” Mr. Millo said on Catalan television.
Separatist lawmakers have vowed to turn the results of the referendum into a unilateral declaration of independence next week, despite an order from Spain's Constitutional Court to suspend the parliamentary session.
On Friday morning, Carles Puigdemont, Catalonia's separatist leader, asked to appear before lawmakers on Tuesday, a day later than initially scheduled, to circumvent the court's order.
As the political standoff over Catalonia reaches a boiling point, the loyalty of Spain's different security forces has become a major point of contention. If Catalan separatists were to declare independence unilaterally, the Spanish prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, would most likely use emergency powers to take full administrative control of Catalonia, which could involve replacing the Mossos with thousands of Spanish police officers.
During the referendum vote on Sunday, the national police confiscated ballot boxes after the Mossos declined to close polling stations before the voting, as Madrid had ordered.
Photo
The constitutional crisis is forcing companies in the country to adjust their operations, while significantly raising the risk premium demanded by investors for holding Spanish and Catalan debt. Spain's borrowing costs rose this week to their highest level since March.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Friday, the board of CaixaBank, the largest financial institution based in Catalonia, was to meet to decide whether to follow the example of Sabadell, another major Catalan bank, which announced on Thursday that it would move its legal headquarters to Alicante, on Spain's eastern coast.
Relocating would guarantee the banks continued access to funding from the European Central Bank and would allow them to remain under European Union jurisdiction, even if a new Catalan republic were formed outside the bloc and ended up being cut off from the eurozone.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Freixenet, a major producer of Catalonian sparkling wine, cava, also said it would relocate if Catalonia declared unilateral independence.
“People are starting to get scared, and that's bad news,” José Luis Bonet, the president of Freixenet, said on national radio Friday. “If we're really heading for a unilateral declaration of independence, there will be an important departure of companies from Catalonia, which would cause very serious damage to Catalonia.”
This week, Mr. Puigdemont, Catalonia's leader, requested international mediation to help resolve the conflict, but the proposal was rejected by the prime minister and fell on deaf ears in Brussels and other capitals in the European Union.
But the Foreign Ministry of Switzerland, which is not part of the European Union, is offering to mediate the conflict, according to Swiss national radio.
Totally down-to-earth outfit ideas for $1,400-shirt wearer Melania Melania Trump riled up the Internet this weekend when she wore a $1,380 Balmain shirt to tend the White House's garden. The spendy shirt wasn't terribly out of character for...
Nicki Minaj is winning Paris fashion week It's only Day 3 of Paris fashion week, but Nicki Minaj has been popping up at some of the buzziest shows. The songbird made her first appearance on Wednesday night...
Kim Kardashian can't compare to Met Gala twin “There's nothing worse than to be in a similar gown to Joan [Smalls], who has the best body in the biz!” a spy said.
Kendall Jenner's hair is changing non-stop PARIS — Keeping up with Kendall's hair is trending at Paris Fashion Week. The mega-model took the Balmain runway by storm Thursday when she donned a blond set of tresses...
Watch grown adults fight each other for Balmain x H&M clothes Olivier Rousteing should have hired an actual Balmain Army for his H&M collaboration launch. The Balmain creative director's fast fashion collection — modeled and promoted on social media by top...
Is this designer's new line as amazing as his Instagram feed? The long-awaited Balmain x H&M collection doesn't hit stores until Thursday, but thanks to the French brand's It boy, creative director Olivier Rousteing, Balmainia is already in full force. “I...
Kendall Jenner Pal shows new Balmain x H&M Collection at pricey condo We hear that Olivier Rousteing, Balmain's charismatic creative director and Kendall Jenner pal, says he wants to bring down the prices of Balmain. But he still loves high-priced real estate. Rousteing...
Towns, Okafor declare for draft; Knicks may decide who goes No. 1 Let the debate begin. Who should go No. 1 in June's NBA draft, Karl-Anthony Towns or Jahlil Okafor, the well-rounded Kentucky forward from New Jersey or the polished and skilled...
Calipari reveals which Kentucky studs are going to NBA Draft Just days after Kentucky's dreams of immortality were dashed, the exodus is already in motion. Kentucky coach John Calipari met individually with each of his players the morning after the...
Kentucky-Wisconsin breakdown: The matchup to make you drool Point guard Andrew Harrison may be the most criticized player on Kentucky, but he comes through in the clutch — most recently with his game-winning free throws against Notre Dame...
Aaron Harrison's late trey propels Kentucky into title game ARLINGTON, Texas — Kentucky has followed months of underachieving with a string of NCAA Tournament games that left the season as precarious as possible, but somehow, the nation's No. 1...
PORT ST. LUCIE — He was wearing flip-flops on this sunny and warm Friday, but Mets manager Mickey Callaway has hit the ground running at First Data Field.
Callaway broke down some specific plans on how he will handle the rotation, as he and pitching coach Dave Eiland begin the quest to keep Mets starters healthy, a staff that includes Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom and Matt Harvey.
“If you look at our starting pitchers,” Callaway told The Post, “there are 25 teams out there that would love to have who we have. So we can make adjustments along the way.”
Callaway has mapped out with Eiland, who was Callaway's mentor when he pitched in the Rays organization, a major change to the pitchers' preparation routine.
There will be a pre-workout, what the pitchers do before they even hit the field.
“When I look at this staff and think about them, I see the same thing that they had in Cleveland,” said Callaway, 42, who was the Indians' pitching coach the previous five seasons. “The one difference has been the health — if we get them healthy and get them in good routines to keep them that way.”
Cleveland's 3.30 ERA was the best in baseball last year. The Mets were 27th at 5.14.
“You have to have that routine in place at all times,” Callaway said. “We are going to implement some things that maybe they haven't done before.
“Everyone I've been around pretty much walks outside, stretches, plays catch, they do their bullpen. Our pitchers in Cleveland had about an hour-and-a-half routine before they even went out and played catch. They were with massage therapists, then they were with trainers, getting all these hands-on things done, then they went to the weight room to see the strength coach for extra stretching, then they went on the bike, then they went outside and stretched.
“It's pre-hab. If we can implement those types of things, we have a better chance to stay healthy. It does work. When you present it to these guys, they are going to want to do it.”
see also Meet Mickey Callaway New Mets manager Mickey Callaway took a timeout for some...
Also, be prepared for a six-man rotation.
“We may go to a six-man rotation at some point to give guys a break when we can,” Callaway said. “I pitched over in Asia, and when you start pitching every sixth day, it is a hundred times easier. It really is. I think we have enough depth to make those adjustments.
“There might be times when we have an off-day coming up and we can make that happen without using the extra pitcher or we can slide a guy in and go from there. For any team to expect to use five starters a whole season is silly.
As for how he will work with his pitchers, Callaway said: “You have to listen to guys. To create a relationship, you have to listen. It can't be, ‘You have to do this to get you back to who you were.' ”
To that end, Callaway will ask pitchers: “What do you need?”
That is the starting point.
“You work on their confidence and feeling comfortable again. That goes a long way,” Callaway said. “You have to get feedback from players, especially today. These guys are more like people today. When I played, players were more like warriors. I don't know if it's better for baseball or not, but they're different.”
Sounds like the perfect recipe to get Harvey and the others going in the right direction. Callaway and Harvey have talked a number of times and have texted.
“He's excited,” Callaway said. “He's sending me videos.”
Accountability is the word.
“The thing I love about Dave [Eiland] is he holds guys accountable, and that's what we need,” Callaway said. “You'll notice on our coaching staff, every guy has that quality. That's how you show people you care. It's holding them responsible for the things that they need to do to make them better. It's not for us. It's for them to be the best versions of themselves.
“I'm just excited to get everyone together. We can compete at a very, very, very high level if we do the things we need to do.”
With many Mets arriving here for pre-camp next week, the plans will be implemented.
Music plays a part in church's worship and outreach
Pastor Johnny Baggett and the New Elim Baptist Church worship band, Maranatha, practice one of Baggett's original songs titled “Break Me Down.”
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Relatives and friends of the missing students have been holding protests, demanding their safe return
Three Mexican film students kidnapped last month in the western Jalisco state were later killed and their bodies dissolved in acid, local officials say.
They say the male students, all in their 20s, were killed by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel gang, who likely confused them with rival gang members.
Genetic remains of the missing students were found on a farm in recent days, the officials say.
The students were kidnapped on 19 March in the town of Tonalá.
Reports in local media say they were seized by a group of men disguised as police when their car broke down on a motorway.
They students have been named as Salomón Aceves Gastélum, Jesús Daniel Díaz and Marco Ávalos.
The Jalisco New Generation cartel, one of Mexico's most powerful criminal gangs, controls large areas of the western state.
In January, three Italian men disappeared there, and are believed to have been handed over by local police to gangsters.
More than 200,000 people have been killed or have disappeared since Mexico's government declared war on organised crime in December 2006.
The military offensive has led to the destruction of some drug gangs, splits within others and the emergence of new groups.
But with widespread corruption and impunity exacerbating Mexico's problems, there is no end in sight to the violence.
In 2014, 43 students disappeared in the southern state of Guerrero.
The state prosecutor in that case said that the students had been handed by corrupt local police to a criminal gang, who killed them and burned their bodies.
YouTube
There are three reasons to watch the Outback Bowl between the Florida Gators and Iowa Hawkeyes at 1 p.m. this afternoon:
You attended one of the schools and university pride is important to you
You hate yourself
You crave a free appetizer from Outback Steakhouse and you're pulling for it to be coconut shrimp or a bloomin' onion
In the interest of marketing, branding and bowl season, Outback is again giving away a bloomin' onion if the SEC team (Florida) wins and an order of coconut shrimp if the B1G team (Iowa) wins. This practice has been in place since 2013 and the bloomin' onion has won three of four games. It must be a real conflict if you're an Iowa supporter but can't get enough fried onions in your system.
There are some rules, though, which seems to go against Outback's brand. You can only get one free item, you have to say “Outback Bowl” to your server, which seems demeaning, and the offer is only good the day after the game. This much like when Ross was offered a free crab cake appetizer when he was “stood up” on a blind date on an episode of Friends.
Massachusetts has introduced a new, optional curriculum with LGBTQ themes in health, English, and history, in an effort to increase learning in students who will now see their lessons reflected in themselves.
The Boston Herald reports:
The curriculum, developed by a team of teachers with Massachusetts Safe Schools Program for LGBTQ Students and the Massachusetts Commission on LGBTQ Youth, will be released this summer. It will feature lessons on the 1969 Stonewall Riots and writings by gay and lesbian authors such as Langston Hughes and Willa Cather. It will also feature lessons like how Nick Carraway's love for Jay Gatsby may have influenced themes in “The Great Gatsby.”
“We talk about mirrors and windows,” said Jeff Perrotti, director of the Massachusetts Safe Schools Program for LGBTQ Students. “Students need to see themselves reflected and see others who are different from themselves. It is important that all students feel safe, valued and respected in school so they can be ready to learn.”
More at the Boston Herald…
Boston high schools will be among the first to use the new curriculum
A memorial service for Robert Williams will be Sunday, June 25 at Dane­bod Lutheran Church in Tyler, beginning with a potluck lunch 12-1:45 p.m. in the pavillion. Service will begin at 2 p.m. in the church. Burial will be in Diamond Lake Cemetery.
All are welcome.
Filed under Obituaries Comments Off
A terrific cast and picturesque Spanish locations boost director Fernando León de Aranoa's ambitious attempt at a “M*A*S*H''-like black comedy about international aid workers set shortly after the 1995 cease-fire...
Image copyright Getty Images
The £11bn merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management has completed, creating Europe's second-biggest fund manager.
A Stock Exchange announcement confirmed the deal's conclusion, following court approval for the merger last week.
The enlarged company, which will trade as Standard Life Aberdeen, will hold £670bn under management.
Co-chief executive Keith Skeoch described the move as the "beginning of a new chapter" in the firms' history.
Mr Skeoch said: "Our leadership team is in place and we have full business readiness from day one."
Image copyright Standard Life Aberdeen
The merger, which was agreed in March, is targeting cost savings of £200m a year, with about 800 jobs expected to be lost over three years from a global workforce of 9,000.
The new company will be jointly led by Mr Skeoch and Aberdeen boss Martin Gilbert.
Mr Gilbert said: "As ever our priority remains the delivery of strong investment performance and the highest level of client service.
"The merger deepens and broadens our investment capabilities and gives us a stronger and more diverse range of investment management skills as well as significant scale across asset classes and geographies."
Overall, Standard Life Aberdeen will have offices in 50 cities around the world, servicing clients in 80 countries.
Muckamore's men and women cricketers have had mixed fortunes in the draw for the opening rounds of the Northern Cricket Union's top knockout competitions.
The men's Premiership side will face opposition from a lower league at Holywood in the first round of the Arthur J. Gallagher Challenge Cup while the women face the tough proposition of a home tie against last year's runners-up North Down.
The full men's draw is: preliminary round:
Lurgan v Cregagh; Bangor v Laurelvale; First round: Bangor or Laurelvale v Downpatrick; CIYMS v Armagh; Holywood v Muckamore; Derriaghy v Lisburn; Lurgan or Cregagh v Instonians; Waringstown v Woodvale; CSNI v Carrick; North Down v Donacloney.
The draw for the Arthur J. Gallagher Women's Challenge Cup is:
Preliminary round: Carrick v Instonians; Laurelvale v Clogher; First round: Lurgan v Donacloney Mill; Carrick or Instonians v CSNI; Waringstown v Laurelvale or Clogher; Muckamore v North Down.
Ondo: 110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Programme
The Ondo State Government says over 110, 000 pupils will benefit from the Homegrown School Feeding Programme which took off on Monday.
Mrs Olubunmi Ademosun, Special Adviser to Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Multilateral and Inter Governmental Affairs, made the disclosure in an interview with the newsmen on Tuesday in Akure.
She revealed that 1,500 cooks had been mobilised across the 18 local government areas of the state for the programme.
“Environmentalists have also been trained and mobilised to ensure that the food are prepared in hygienic way.
“110,000 Primary 1-3 pupils across the three senatorial districts of the state will enjoy the free daily feeding.
“I must commend President Buhari for this initiative that will not only alleviate the burden of parents, but also increase the nutritional status of children.
“We pledge one hundred percent support for the success of this programme,” the governor's aide said.
Ademosun assured that all government machinery have been mobilised to ensure the success of the programme.
The newsmen report that a technical team from the Office of Vice President Yemi Osibajo had held a two-day strategic stakeholders' meeting on the project in June 2017, preparatory to its take off in the state.
NAN
The post Ondo: 110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Programme appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After watching the Saints for over forty years, why does this season seem to hurt a lot?
The Saints season is over. There are no more games left. Yesterday was the final chapter of the frustrating 2016 season. Once again, the Saints built up the rhetoric of this game being very important. The Atlanta game was supposed to be a hopeful start to the 2017 year. Surely, the Saints would be ready for their bitter rivals. Think again.
Ironically, these were my predictions game by game about 18 weeks ago. The prediction of 6-10 was not far off. However, digging into the article a little deeper you would find that many of my game predictions were incorrect. That being said, the summation of the outlook of this year wasn't exactly rosy.
Who Dat Nation also had the Saints going from about 7-9 to 9-7. Even the media had the Saints winning about the same number as well. With all the low expectations, one would think that the 7-9 finish was simply expected. The year was riddled with injuries up and down the roster. The schedule was even a bit tougher. Nothing really pointed to a playoff run this year.
Coupled with that and the way the Saints started, a winning season was a long shot. Everyone knew and their grandma that this season had 7-9 written all over it. Although this may be true, the Saints got us again. This 2016 season stung. There was reason to hope and dream with a great draft and new receiver Mike Thomas who had a breakout rookie year that this could be the year. Mark Ingram went over 1,000 yards too. The Saints beat Seattle. Seriously?
If anyone had told you that before the season the inside voice would have gotten excited. It's human nature to want more when there's visual evidence of a possible change in direction from the same ole 7-9 ways. Up to this last game, there was enthusiasm in the city that felt that a Falcon win would at least calm us down. The 8-8 outcome of a long up and down season would be OK. Not too bad right?
Consequently, the Falcons squashed those thoughts of reaching .500 quickly. There I was, getting ready for our final game with eyes peeled to the TV set for maybe five minutes until Matt Ryan carved us up again like turkeys. The feelings went from hope to anger to disgust in one quarter. To be honest, I'm not ready to accept this 7-9 season just yet.
By the way, the Saints have never finished three years in a row with the same EXACT record ever. The 7-9 trifecta is just a reminder of years' past. No one has the answers except for the fact that most experts say that the Saints are looking better. If that's true, then why is it when I go and look in the paper the same 7-9 win-loss record is still staring me in the face?
More from Who Dat Dish
This article originally appeared on
By BARBARA GREEN
Bowie High School Counselor Jeannette Shaw says she is beyond excited, overwhelmed and scared to death of what will happen next as she retires after 29 years in education.
Shaw who will turn 51 on her last day on July 29 decided she wanted to retire so she could pursue other things, and “start some new adventures.”
“I am going into business with my dad who raises Red Angus cattle so I have that to look forward to, as well as more grandbaby time,” laughed Shaw.
The educator has spent 25 years of her career both as a teacher and counselor within Bowie Independent School District, along with one year at Prairie Valley ISD and three at North Central Texas College.
Read the full feature in the mid-week News.
HONOLULU — The Hawaii emergency management worker who sent a false alert last month warning of an imminent missile attack says he was convinced the threat was real and “100 percent sure” he was doing the right thing.
“I did what I was trained to do,” said the worker, who spoke to NBC News on Friday on the condition of anonymity because of threats against his life.
The mistake sparked panic on Jan. 13, sending Hawaiians scrambling to seek shelter amid heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea over the regime's nuclear ambitions.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Man who sent false missile alert to Hawaii speaks out 0:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A preliminary federal investigation released last month said the recorded drill message began and ended with the phrase “exercise, exercise, excise.” It also included language scripted for use during an actual missile alert: “This is not a drill.”
But the emergency worker, who has been fired, claims he “didn't hear ‘exercise' at all in that whole transmission.” As soon as he realized his error, he “just wanted to crawl under a rock.”
“It was incredibly difficult for me, very emotional,” he said, adding that his team was immediately flooded with phone calls from frantic citizens.
Officials who led an internal investigation said last month that five other employees had heard the part of the drill message indicating it was an exercise.
The worker who sent the erroneous alert had a “history of confusing drill and real world events,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who led the internal probe, said at a news conference earlier this week. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were real emergencies, the state found.
Related: Hawaii false alarm: Ensuing chaos is teachable moment, experts say
But the worker disputed those findings in his interview with NBC News, insisting they were not accurate.
An electronic sign reads "There is no threat" in Oahu, Hawaii, after a false emergency alert that said a ballistic missile was headed for Hawaii Jan. 13, 2018. @sighpoutshrug / Reuters
The preliminary report from the Federal Communications Commission found the drill was “run without sufficient supervision” and that “there were no procedures in place to prevent a single person from mistakenly sending a missile alert from the State of Hawaii.”
“There was no requirement in place for a warning officer to double-check with a colleague or get sign off from a supervisor before sending such an alert,” the report said.
The worker said Friday that he believes the state emergency management agency deserves the blame for the mistake — and shouldn't be shouldering the responsibility in the first place.
“We weren't prepared to send out missile notifications," he said. "I think the military should do that.”
But he said he still feels remorseful.
“I regret this ever happened," he said. "I feel terrible about it. I did what I thought was right at the time.”
Jacob Soboroff and Aarne Heikkila reported from Honolulu. Daniel Arkin reported from New York
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
The share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Meet New York City's loudest lovers.
Olga Valerio, 49, outed herself to The Post as one half of the dynamic duo that sparked the most 311-hotline complaints in the city for loud sex.
The hairstylist's partner in carnal cacophony inside her Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, apartment is a man young enough to be her son, 26-year-old building handyman Byron Perez.
Olga's fourth-floor pad at 7201 Ridge Blvd. was named in a 2015 DNAinfo report as home to the city's highest number of 311 gripes about clamorous coitus. Neighbors, claiming the couple's moans and grunts jolted them awake at all hours of the night, complained a half-dozen times alone in a three-month period, the site reported, citing city data.
Neither Valerio nor Perez was named in any media accounts at the time, including The Post's. But many assumed that Valerio's daughter, 31-year-old Dahiana Valerio, was part of the deafening duo.
Olga Valerio is coming forward now, she says, in an act of motherly love, to take full credit, or blame, as the moaning mama.
She says there's nothing wrong with showing some passion in the bedroom — though she was shocked when her alleged ear-shattering exploits made the news.
“It's natural, it's normal,” the mother of four assured The Post in an interview alongside her much younger beau. “I never thought that this would happen, but it happened. I didn't know that we were doing it too loud!”
‘It's natural, it's normal … I didn't know that we were doing it too loud!' - Olga Valerio
Perez, for his part, said he had no clue the pair had caused a carnal commotion until the stories came out. But he admits the couple left their fourth-floor bedroom window wide open during their wee-hour whoopie. They no longer do this.
“I can't say, I wouldn't know,” a grinning Perez replied when asked if he considered himself louder than average between the sheets.
The pair said they met one night five years ago while Olga was taking out the trash in the building's courtyard. The handyman, who was living in a basement apartment, started flirting with her, saying “all kinds of good stuff,” she recalled.
The romance escalated quickly — and the pair have been together, defying convention, ever since.
“Chemistry is chemistry,” Olga told The Post. She called her relationship with Perez healthier than those she has had over the years with men her own age.
But it was her daughter Dahiana who was inadvertently tagged as Perez's lover, both women say, after the bleach-blond musician, wearing a striped maxi dress, answered the door for reporters huddled outside their apartment the day the news broke. Dahiana says she had only been temporarily staying with her mom after getting into a fight with her ex-boyfriend.
Olga was reluctant to go public at the time to set the record straight because she feared being ridiculed for having a young lover, she said.
“I don't feel old, but people start to talk, you know? I wasn't sure I wanted to be in that kind of situation,” she told The Post. “At the beginning I was so embarrassed, but now I'm okay with it. I said, ‘If I need to tell the whole story, I'll do it.' I'm doing this for Dahiana.”
Dahiana said it was awkward, to say the least, for people to think she was having sex with a man who was actually dating her mother. Relatives in the Dominican Republic were in shock.
“My father is like really old-fashioned, very caught in the old traditional ways, so for him it was like, ‘What? You're in the paper with your mom's boyfriend?'” Dahiana said.
“My mom and I have always had a good relationship, but not open like that,” she added.
Dahiana, who plans to release her first Reggaeton single as “D Magic” later this summer and also works at Body Art Studios tattoo shop, said her photo being splashed across the news brought her a ton of attention — not all wanted.
Neighbors, claiming the couple's moans and grunts jolted them awake at all hours of the night, complained a half-dozen times alone in a three-month period.
Almost immediately, she started getting catcalled on the street, she said. Some lustful suitors took their courtship even further by knocking on her mother's door asking for her. One man even offered her $40,000 for one night in bed, she said.
That she was visibly pregnant did nothing to slow down the tide of men.
“The thing is that people think freak,” she told The Post. “They think that if you're that loud, if you're in the paper as being the loudest in the five boroughs, in their mind they're like, ‘Oh my God, she must really enjoy sex.'”
That characterization is not exactly wrong, she said. But Dahiana, who posts jaw-dropping selfies in tight dresses and underwear on her Instagram account, can't say for sure if she has inherited her mother's sonorous style in bed.
“Am I loud? I wouldn't know, but I am a very passionate woman, passionate about sex,” she said.
As for her mom's decibel level? “I haven't heard her, thank God.”
When competing in sports, the only thing that should matter is your ability to play the game: to step up and deliver when it counts. As athletes, we devote our lives to perfecting our craft. We chase dreams, we sacrifice, and often, we find solace and comfort in our sport. For many, our training, our teams and the field of play is a sanctuary.
It's not a sanctuary we take for granted. The efforts of activists before us have provided us both with the opportunity to live authentic lives in the open and realize our personal and athletic potential through sport. As beneficiaries of such brave efforts, we do not take our responsibility as activists lightly. We believe it is our moral duty to use the platform we have been given to speak out.
Brittney Griner of the Phoenix Mercury shoots a free throw shot against the Minnesota Lynx during game three of the WNBA Western Conference on September 2, 2014 in Phoenix, Arizona. Christian Petersen / Getty Images
That is why we are voicing our opposition to the anti-transgender bill SB3 in the Texas legislature. SB3 would make it impossible for cities and school districts to proactively protect LGBTQ people in restrooms, locker rooms and other changing facilities. As written, it would also take away existing protections that millions of LGBTQ Texans have in cities such as Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth and San Antonio.
This legislation would also pose more obstacles for transgender athletes. If this bill passes, trans people could be forced to use a locker room that is inconsistent with their gender identity. In turn, Texas would be subjecting trans athletes to harassment, bullying and possible assault.
Related: Brittney Griner Donates $5,000 to LGBTQ Youth Center Set on Fire
While we do not identify as transgender, we know what it feels like to be singled out for not fitting neatly into social norms. We have often been subjected to scrutiny and harassment for our gender expression. We play basketball, a sport that encourages women to be strong and competitive and challenges the cultural expectation of what it means to be woman in athletics. Because of our gender expression, we often struggle with navigating public spaces such as restrooms, restaurants and airport security, spaces where we have been called “sir” and “mister.” We empathize but cannot understand fully what it means to walk in the shoes of trans folks. As difficult as it is for us, we can only imagine how hard it must be for a transgender person.
Lawmakers who support this legislation say that it is to “protect women,” but who said we needed protection? As athletes, we are not worried about the imagined “threat” of a transgender person in our spaces –- we are worried about being accountable teammates, good people and competing at a high level every single day. We reject any attempt to use our names to push this bill. We know that our lives are enriched by the diversity that exists in sport, and we know that when we give people the freedom to be themselves unapologetically, everyone wins.
Layshia Clarendon of the Atlanta Dream handles the ball against the Chicago Sky on June 17, 2016 at Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. Scott Cunningham / NBAE via Getty Images
The NBA has noted that this type of legislation can lead to hostile environments –- both for players and for fans of basketball. Earlier this year, the NBA released a statement in response to a question about a previous, similar bill, SB6, which was introduced during Texas' regular legislative session. In February, an NBA spokesperson said “we consider a wide range of factors when making decisions about host locations for league-wide events like the All-Star Game –- foremost among them is ensuring the environment where those who participate and attend are treated fairly and equally.” Rightfully, this was interpreted as a condemnation of bills that would treat transgender Texans unfairly. Additionally, the Women's Sports Foundation (WSF) recently teamed up with the Human Rights Campaign and TransAthlete to co-sign a letter opposing bills such as SB3.
As athletes with ties to Texas and an interest in equality and fairness, we wholeheartedly agree with the WSF and the NBA's assessment that an anti-transgender law would harm players and fans.
Texas is risking the safety and well-being of its transgender residents with this harmful legislation. Furthermore, as we saw in North Carolina, discrimination could cause the state to lose out on future opportunities for big-ticket events, which harms every person and every business in the state.
Related: WNBA's Layshia Clarendon Is a 'Rebel With a Cause'
As athletes this bill falsely claims to protect, we want to state clearly: We believe trans people should unequivocally have the same rights as we do.
Maybe you have read this because you have a connection to one of us. Maybe you know us as a fan. Maybe this is our first introduction. Society has made major strides in recent decades to accept others for their differences: whether it be opinions on gender, mixed race couples, or LGBTQ relationships, we've both seen how accepting others for their differences can improve lives for the better.
Today, we're confronted with a similar call: to stand up for our trans brothers and sisters in the face of discrimination. So whether you know a trans person or not, we ask that you join us in the fight to protect the equal rights of all people. Equality is a team sport. Together, let's stand on the right side of history.
Please contact your legislators and make your voice heard. Change only happens when we create it together.
Brittney Griner and Layshia Clarendon play for the WNBA. Griner formerly played basketball at Baylor University.
(AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino). A pigeon flies over spectators as France's Nicolas Mahut plays Argentina's Juan Martin Del Potro during their first round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium, Tuesday, May 29, 2018 in...
By HOWARD FENDRICH
AP Tennis Writer
PARIS (AP) - Despite all of Novak Djokovic's success over the years - the 12 major championships, the career Grand Slam, the time ranked No. 1 - he still finds himself searching for self-confidence these days.
That's what an elbow injury and forced absence from the ATP tour can do to a player.
Djokovic was reflective and revealing Wednesday after moving into the third round at the French Open by virtue of a self-described up-and-down performance in a 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 victory over 155th-ranked Jaume Antoni Munar Clar of Spain. Both of Djokovic's matches so far have been against qualifiers; neither win was particularly impressive.
"At the moment, I'm not playing at the level I wish to, but at the same time, I understand that it is the process that obviously takes time," said Djokovic, whose seeding of No. 20 is his lowest at a Slam in 12 years. "And I'm trying to not give up."
At least he got through in straight sets, saving energy for whatever might come next at Roland Garros. Other leading men were forced to work a lot harder in matches they would have been expected to breeze through: No. 2-seeded Alexander Zverev, No. 4 Grigor Dimitrov and No. 19 Kei Nishikori all faced two-sets-to-one deficits and all emerged to win Wednesday.
Zverev was down by a set and a break early - and down a racket he'd obliterated by then, too - before collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2. Dimitrov was two points from defeat against 21-year-old American Jared Donaldson but won 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes and featured a couple of underhand serves by the cramping Donaldson. Nishikori got past Benoit Paire of France 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
A reporter asked Zverev about what he told himself while trailing in order to turn his match around.
The 21-year-old German scoffed at the premise.
"I mean, you guys make it sound like we think about it, really. We don't. We just try to play and win each point, each game. Being two sets to one down is like being a set (behind) in a three-set match. We're not going to overthink it: 'Oh, I'm two sets to one down. What am I going to do? How am I going to play the next point?'" he responded. "We try to play our best. We try to maybe change a few tactics and see how we can win the next point and the next game."
The lengths, if not quality, of those matches were what amounted to on-court intrigue on Day 4 at the clay-court major, because there really was little in the way of stunning outcomes. The only top-16-seeded man or woman who lost was No. 12 Sam Querrey of the U.S., and he's only once been as far as the third round in 12 appearances at Roland Garros.
Among the women, No. 1 Simona Halep shook off a slow start in a postponed first-round match to defeat Alison Riske of the U.S. 2-6, 6-1, 6-1, while second-round winners included reigning major champions Caroline Wozniacki and Sloane Stephens, along with No. 4 Elina Svitolina, No. 8 Petra Kvitova and No. 13 Madison Keys.
So perhaps the most meaningful moments around the grounds came inside the main interview room as Djokovic discussed his state of mind as he tries to regain his previous status in tennis.
He sat out the last half of 2017 because of a painful right elbow, tried to return in January, then decided to have an operation in February.
Djokovic arrived at Roland Garros with a 10-7 record this season. He was at .500 until showing signs of a resurgence by getting to the Italian Open semifinals on red clay before losing to 10-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal.
"Best practices that you can have is a match. I haven't had too many matches, and I really never thought that I'm going to be challenged in that way, mentally - that I need matches in order to get confidence. But obviously I'm learning something new, and, yeah, that's the case," said Djokovic, who hasn't won a Grand Slam title since claiming his fourth in a row at the 2016 French Open.
"At times, I do lose maybe a comfort level on the court and confidence, and that's something that I'm still building gradually, obviously," he continued. "The more matches I play, the better it is. The more I win, of course, the better it is. Hopefully that can keep going."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Andrew Henderson praised Featherstone Rovers after his London side were forced to share the spoils with their Championship counterparts.
London's promotion hopes suffered a blow as they failed to defeat the Rovers in Ealing as Ian Hardman's late conversion secured a 32-all draw.
The Broncos now face Hull Kingston Rovers this week in what is a huge game for Henderson's side, although he remains upbeat about his side's chances.
“It was a tough one today. It shows the nature of this competition, it's very evenly matched. Yes, we were disappointed we didn't come away with two points, but you've got credit Featherstone, and their performance today.
“Both teams enjoyed good spells of momentum. We had a really great start in the first 20, and then at the start of the second half, we fell away, and Featherstone got some ascendancy.”
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike she was riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd.
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike she was riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd. Frances Klein
TRAGEDY has struck the Gympie community again with the death of a 30-year-old woman in a motorbike crash on Tuesday night.
The woman, from Mothar Mountain, died when the motorbike she was driving crashed on Mary Valley Link Road at Kybong before 6pm, police said.
RELATED:
CRASH TRAGEDY: 'We have lost a champion'
UPDATE: Two young men dead after horror crash
Police release details on fatal crash at Langshaw
Mum killed instantly in 'horrific' crash, children critical
Community rallies for Tina and her grieving family
A Queensland Police Service statement said the woman "sustained critical injuries and was pronounced deceased at the scene” of the crash.
A 38-year-old man who was a pillion passenger was taken to Gympie Hospital in a stable condition with chest and arm injuries.
The motorbike rider was the fifth person killed on Gympie region roads in less than a month.
Selwyn Price, a 67-year-old Langshaw man, was killed in a single-vehicle crash at Langshaw on June 10 when his car careened 50m from the road down an embankment.
Less than a week later Gympie mates Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke, both in their twenties, were killed when their car slammed into a tree at Curra on June 16.
Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke. Facebook
An Imbil woman, Tina Alleyn, 36, was killed instantly on June 26 when her car ran off Moy Pocket Rd near Kenilworth while she was driving her two children to school.
Tina Alleyn with her children Hayden and Lateesha Mcauley. A Gofundme page has been set up for them. Contributed
Imbil police Sergeant Brock Murphy said it was concerning to see five fatalities in less than a month.
"We are very concerned with the fatalities,” Sgt Murphy said.
"We're always trying to enforce the road rules with the message going out every year about road safety.”
Sgt Murphy reminded motorists to be cautious with more cars on the roads over the school holidays.
"Please keep in mind the fatal five with speed, distraction and fatigue the main reasons behind crashes,” he said.
"Sometimes people get distracted with changing radio stations and that can be another cause of accidents.”
The identity of the 30-year-old woman has not been released.
"It was a single vehicle crash. We believe no other vehicles were involved, but we still have to interview the passenger,” Sgt Murphy said.
The Queensland road toll stands at 123, two more than at the same time last year.
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL)- Three people were airlifted to the Johnson City Medical Center Sunday after a crash in Greene County.
Officials with the Tennessee Highway Patrol and Greene County rescue crews responded to Highway 11E near Sycamore Drive and Lautner road just before 11am Sunday.
According to a report from THP, a pick-up truck was traveling south on the highway when the driver ran off the road, went through a ditch, hit a concrete barrier, and finally landed upside down on it's roof.
THP reports all three people in the car, one adult and two children, were trapped inside until emergency rescue crews arrived on scene.
According to THP, one of the children was not in a car seat, and was pinned under the driver's seat.
All three people in the truck were airlifted to the hospital.
No further information was available about their conditions Sunday afternoon.
The driver of the truck now faces several charges including child restraint, and failure to maintain proper lane.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Protests in Benue as herdsmen kill two Catholic priests, 17 others inside church – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
5 reasons to visit this super-close Atlantic island Now that warm weather has finally hit, it's time to get away from NYC. And while the Hamptons and Nantucket are always a go, why not fly internationally — in...
The Lamborghini of boats is coming to NYC Next weekend, the Hudson River will resemble a Formula One racetrack. Six sleek catamarans with 84-foot-high wing-masts will appear to fly above the water's surface as their skippers — representing...
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and her cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In her December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
She described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
She said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
He said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
0:33 Job-stealing Chinese robots take over delivery company Shentong Express Tracking has started using a robot workforce to sort their packages and parcels. The new staff can work up to 24 hours a day and sort through an estimated 200,000 items a day.
1:20 This Lyft driver refused the keys to a super-drunk lady's apartment Lyft driver Tro'Juan Henderson isn't normally against driving drunk people home. In fact, it's part of the job. But when two women tried to give him the apartment key of their quite intoxicated friend, along with the responsibility of making sure she made it home, Henderson refused, fearing for her safety, as well as his accountability as a man. Instead, the 28-year-old Lyft driver contacted the hotel the woman was leaving and convinced the concierge to let her stay the night.
0:40 Crocodile puts death grip on elephant's trunk in brutal fight Visitors at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi, east Africa, were horrified when a young elephant was attacked by a crocodile, getting its trunk stuck in the beast's mouth. Luckily, one of the older elephants came storming in and helped free the panicked youngster.
0:47 This college football coach used to dance for MC Hammer The San Jose State football team got a surprise performance from one of their coaches, Alonzo Carter. When “U Can't Touch This” played on the speaker at practice, the running backs coach — and former MC Hammer backup dancer — sprang into action with the moves he perfected on tour with Hammer over 25 years ago.
0:49 Bad panda mom treats her cub like a pillow Qifu is a panda at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in China, and she isn't developing a great reputation as a mom. She's been caught falling on her cub and, even worse, using her cub as a back brace while she munches on some bamboo.
0:51 Heroic UPS guy puts out a fire with a garden hose UPS driver Paul Pereira came to the rescue when he extinguished a house fire along his route in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The deliveryman acted quickly, using a garden hose to put out the fire on Hamilton Avenue. The family inside the house, who were unaware of the danger, said he saved their lives.
0:52 Giant 8-month-old baby weighs 38 pounds A child in Punjab, India, weighs a staggering 38 pounds, which would be healthy for a 4-year-old. Unfortunately, Chahat Jumar is only 8 months old. The obese baby started gaining an abnormal amount of weight around 4 months, and her condition has left local doctors completely nonplussed.
1:14 This woman gives sexy snake massages Sarah Zaad, aka the "Snake Queen," is a holistic therapist in Brazil who employs pythons and boa constrictors to massage her clients. Zaad claims the snakes can help treat depression.
0:58 North Korea calls its luxury high-rises scarier than its nukes North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un attended the grand opening of a luxury housing complex in the heart of Pyongyang, the nation's capital. Thousands watched as the head of state ceremoniously cut a ribbon, despite reports claiming that some of the “prestige” penthouse apartments still lack hot water. Leading up to the publicity event, 600,000 North Korean citizens reportedly were removed from the city.
POLK COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) –A lineman from Polk County miraculously survived a fall that probably would have killed anyone else.
Cameron Alley was working in the mountains of Puerto Rico to help restore power after Hurricane Maria when he fell 85 feet from a cable suspended from a helicopter.
On Friday, Alley showed News Channel 8 GoPro video that was recorded moments before the dramatic fall.
“A half second before I hit the ground I told myself you know this is it,” Alley said.
Once he hit the ground, dozens of locals rushed to his aid.
“I had 20-30 of the local people form in a chain. After they put me on the back board, they passed me along getting me off the side of that mountain up to medical help that I needed,” he added.
Alley suffered broken bones and severe hand injuries and spent weeks in the hospital.
He's now at home and his wife has taken medical leave to care for him around the clock.
“Everyday life he can't do,” his wife Trista Alley explained. “He can't push himself up to get up. He can't use the restroom. He can't feed himself. He can't bathe himself. He can't do anything without my help.”
Yet, through the pain and hardship, the couple is grateful for a second chance.
“I couldn't believe it and I just kept telling myself, man I fell from up there, and I'm sitting here looking at the sky,” Alley said. “All I can do is thank god for that.”
Alley has been told by doctors he may never regain full use of his left hand. He's also expecting to undergo more surgeries and physical therapy.
If you would like to help the family, you can donate by mailing a check through the Highline Heroes Foundation by clicking here: http://www.highlineheroes.com/ and putting “Alley family” in the memo line.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
'Black Hitler' swears he was never a pimp The reputed “black Hitler” pimp maintained his innocence until the end Tuesday — whining to a Manhattan judge that he had no clue what that term even meant before being...
'Black Hitler' pimp escapes serious charges, still faces 7 years in jail A Manhattan jury Wednesday found the self-proclaimed “black Hitler” pimp not guilty of the most serious charges against him, but convicted him of assault and other crimes for torturing a...
'Black Hitler' pimp threatened to pull my heart out: ex-hooker An ex-prostitute broke into tears as she testified against her former pimp at his trial for kidnapping and torturing her after he allegedly caught her withholding her earnings. “He told...
Rape charge against accused 'black Hitler' dropped A Manhattan judge dismissed a rape charge Tuesday against a self-proclaimed “black Hitler” accused of torturing his grandson's nanny for three days. Sherman Gamble, 54, of Manhattan was busted last...
'Black Hitler': Alleged hooker made the whole thing up A self-proclaimed “black Hitler” who is facing rape, assault and promoting prostitution charges for allegedly beating up a hooker and pimping out five women on ​the web site ​Backpage.com rejected...
'Black Hitler' charged with pimping women online: court papers A self-proclaimed “black Hitler” was indicted Thursday for beating up an alleged hooker and for pimping out five women on Backpage.com, prosecutors announced in Manhattan Criminal Court. Sherman Gamble, 54,...
'Black Hitler' rearrested after posting $80K bail Not so fast, Adolf! A self-proclaimed “black Hitler” busted for allegedly torturing his nanny thought he would see daylight Friday after posting $80,000 bail – but was immediately rearrested on...
I wrote an article last year regarding the challenges of price control in Azure Cloud that outlined a singular, but complex, challenge that enterprises face in adopting a single cloud provider. As I speak with more customers this year, one thing is clear however: Multi-cloud is the future…. And with so many nuances to each provider in terms of price, performance, security, reliability, it's no wonder organizations are falling into the same trap we fell into when virtualization first began
From where I see it, the clear inclination for application teams within organizations pushing to the cloud is to over-size their workloads to manage performance. We have this wonderful opportunity to do things differently, yet the VM Sprawl predicament we got ourselves into years ago when virtualizing on-premises is rearing its ugly head in the cloud – with a shocking OPEX makeover. The irony in this is that we are plunging headfirst into cloud provisioning without fully grasping these trade-offs associated with cost, performance and scale-ability. Moreover, this is happening without a clear path on how to systematically manage the resources in the cloud dynamically and in real time at scale
The answer to this has been a prolific flooding of new-age monitoring vendors that promise to provide data visibility into costing and billing. Sound familiar? We have new APIs with new data, let's give the people what they want! Costing Data! Just like the on-premises monitoring boom, technologies are being introduced that leverage the “low-hanging fruit” of the data gap in adoption by providing IT staff with detailed metrics on what they need to solve immediately. With on-premises it was infrastructure availability and utilization. With Cloud, it has changed to cost and overspend.
Read the entire article here, How to Minimize AWS Costs while Assuring Performance
via the fine folks at Turbonomic!
1:11 American Airlines flight lands in Cienfuegos, Cuba Pause
1:04 Cuban Cigars: A smoking view of the tobacco fields
1:02 Fidel Castro: A visual evolution of a leader through the decades
1:31 JetBlue's historic flight to Cuba
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Image caption Adam Strain, Raychel Ferguson, Claire Roberts, Conor Mitchell and Lucy Crawford (not pictured) died after the level of sodium in their blood became abnormally low
Five medical royal colleges say they owe it to the families of children who died needlessly in hospital to minimise the risk of such a tragedy recurring.
Five children died at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children from hyponatraemia-related conditions between 1995 and 2003.
The condition can occur when the level of sodium in the blood becomes abnormally low.
An inquiry into the deaths found four were avoidable.
In a joint statement, five royal colleges - the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health; Anaesthetists; Pathologists; Surgeons and Surgeons of Edinburgh - said transparency within the health system was vital.
They proposed the creation of a new board to hold health trusts and civil servants to account.
Their response supports the vast majority of the 96 recommendations made by Justice O'Hara in January after the 14-year inquiry, and stresses the importance of honesty, transparency and tightening reporting.
The Department of Health has said detailed work is continuing in response to the inquiry's recommendations, promising further details would soon be made public.
Analysis: Parents may never have closure
By Marie-Louise Connolly, BBC News NI Health Correspondent
It is the longest running public inquiry in British history and one of the longest running stories I have worked on.
The Hyponatraemia Inquiry examined matters of the utmost gravity - the deaths of five children in hospitals.
What impact has the report - and its 96 recommendations - had? Very little.
The report - not to mention the five deaths - has only been mentioned only once in Parliament, when the former MP who set up the inquiry grabbed a window during a Brexit debate in the Lords.
Where is Northern Ireland's local MPs? Who cares?
While the bereaved families are keen to speak, doctors, nurses and managers named in the report are keener to stay quiet. No one I asked agreed to be interviewed.
That is unfortunate, as without honesty and transparency, there will be little change.
And without a health minister, justice minister or an executive, the report does not have a local champion.
So the 14-year inquiry is far from over.
For the parents, there may never be closure, but a more open and public debate about what happened might just start the healing process.
Duty of candour
The royal colleges are professional bodies for doctors. They support members, work to improve standards of patient care and develop policy and guidance.
Such a collective response is unusual and reflects the seriousness of the issue.
It backs the establishment of a board which would hold managers and civil servants to account for systemic failures.
It says the development of a statutory duty of candour should be "a high priority item", but that "the issue of criminal liability and its potential impact on patient safety must be carefully assessed".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC News NI Health Correspondent Marie-Louise Connolly explains the background to the hyponatraemia inquiry
The royal colleges also recognised the important role of patients and their families and said that children and parents or carers should be asked to help design services and shape care.
They further outlined the need for sufficient time for training healthcare professionals.
'Admit mistakes'
Dr Ray Nethercott from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said their greatest sympathy was with the bereaved families.
"I work with colleagues who wake up every morning wanting to do the very best for the children they treat," he told BBC News NI.
"Nobody wants these tragedies to happen. But when they do, it's only right that we admit to mistakes and look closely at what went wrong, why, and who is accountable.
"I recognise now more than ever that healthcare delivery is extremely complex, it is incumbent on us all to seek ways to make it easier to understand and to much more clearly describe who has accountability when mistakes are made."
Dr Nethercott said the group had made an open offer to the Department of Health to work with them to implement the recommendations of the inquiry report.
beIN SPORTS
This week on Football Crazy, Kay, Kevin and Ryan relive an exciting week at the top of LaLiga, a stunning late equalizer in the Milan derby and Falcao coming to the rescue of Monaco's Ligue 1 title run. Plus, an updated version of our power rankings, Tony Adams claiming the prize for the most boring post-match interview of all time, and a little sing-song for the Spanish diamond clamoring for a starting spot in Madrid.
Click here to subscribe on iTunes!
FOLLOW US:
beIN SPORTS: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Kay Murray: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Kevin Egan: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
LINKS DISCUSSED IN THIS EPISODE:
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. – Emma Talley loves Shoal Creek.
The 2013 U.S. Women's Amateur champ and 2015 NCAA individual champ is a club member who calls this lush valley in the southern foothills of the Appalachian Mountains “heaven on earth.”
She has never seen it like this, however, as a potentially hellish slog for the 156 women teeing it up in Thursday's start of the U.S. Women's Open.
“It's hard to watch Mother Nature just tear it apart a bit,” Talley said.
Wracked by Subtropical Storm Alberto's passing as a tropical depression early Tuesday morning, with 4.7 inches of rain dumped on the course in the last three days, Shoal Creek isn't the peaceful respite Talley knows it as, not this week.
It's an anxious boiling pot of emotions for the players trying to prepare to win the most important championship in women's golf.
This might be as unprepared as players have ever felt for a U.S. Women's Open, with the rain closing the course for a day and half.
Karine Icher did not expect to play a single hole before Thursday's start after her Wednesday afternoon practice round was canceled with morning rain pushing back tee times.
“It's unfair,” Icher said.
Like a number of players here, Icher wished the USGA would have set up nine-hole practice rounds on Wednesday, so every player would have gotten access to the course.
Frustration is part of every U.S. Women's Open week, but rarely have anxieties mounted so palpably before the first tee shots were even struck.
“Some people are definitely stressed out,” said Danielle Kang, the two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champ and 2017 KPMG Women's PGA champion.
Angela Stanford arrived this week off a hellish run of weather-marred LPGA events. She played in the Volunteers of America Texas Classic shortened to 36 holes, the Kingsmill Championship shortened to 54 holes and the Volvik Championship halted Saturday by lightning issues.
“I was on the bad end of everything,” Stanford said.
There's player frustration here over what the USGA plans to do with the course so waterlogged and with mud balls potentially a large issue.
In 123 years of staging championships, the USGA has never implemented lift, clean and place. There's a massive contingent of players insistent the governing body should break with tradition and allow them to play with preferred lies.
“There's going to be mud on every ball,” 2007 U.S. Women's Open champion Cristie Kerr said. “It's not fair. Tropical storms aren't part of the game.”
John Bodenhamer, the USGA's senior director of championships and governance, was asked Wednesday afternoon if a decision was made on whether to play the ball up for the first time in a championship.
He gave the same answer he gave Tuesday.
“It remains our intention to play 72 holes and to play the ball as it lies,” Bodenhamer said.
Barring another overnight deluge, the championship is on track to begin as scheduled Thursday at 6:40 a.m. CT.
The uncertainty of whether the USGA will require the ball to be played down added to frustrations over Wednesday's practice rounds.
Stanford was among players who saw her afternoon practice round canceled.
“If they play it down, I don't want anyone out on this course right now,” Stanford said with practice rounds under way. “If they are going to make us play the ball as it lies, and have crap lies, why are they letting players chew up the golf course right now? If we are going to have us play it down tomorrow, why not save the golf course and prepare it as well as you can?”
Stanford is preparing herself to deal with whatever challenge is offered Thursday, but she's among a legion of players asking hard but legitimate questions about how to best measure a champion.
“There is a lot of emotion around this,” Bodenhamer said. “Any time you get challenging weather conditions, and you get lies that aren't as pristine as maybe sometimes we have, you have that emotion. We get that. We understand that.”
Jodi Ewart Shadoff said nobody likes the situation all the rain has created.
“It's slightly frustrating, but you have to tell yourself everyone is in the same boat,” Shadoff said. “Nobody's probably as prepared as they want to be.
“I think attitude is everything this week.”
The frustrations haven't just been among players.
Shoal Creek's membership and volunteers have devoted themselves to presenting the course at its best. The Jack Nicklaus design is a gem, with the beauty and the straight forward challenge getting rave reviews. It's what Mother Nature has done to the course that frustrates members. The bare, thin grass in some fairways, the brown dried patches around some greens, present challenges that weren't meant to be there.
Still, there's unwavering commitment from members to present a challenging test.
Matthew Dent, chairman of Shoal Creek's U.S. Women's Open committee, was out on the course with the club president, Mike Thompson, after Alberto passed on Tuesday. He and other committee members were out picking up debris with the maintenance staff.
“It's all hands on deck,' Deck said. “It speaks to the spirit of this club.”
Deck praised the club's superintendent, Rex Davis, for gathering extra generators from other clubs in the region Tuesday night, to get the SubAir System under their greens working in full force. They were running during Wednesday's practice rounds.
“The greens are amazing,” Azahara Munoz said.
Shoal Creek is at its best playing firm and fast, with its undulating greens, with its the runoffs into collection areas, making it a supreme second-shot test.
It's highly unlikely we'll see the test Shoal Creek members see most weeks, with the course playing as it was meant to be played. Add that to the frustrations built before a shot is struck.
“I would say it's the softest U.S. Open course I've played,” said Karrie Webb, the two-time U.S. Women's Open champion. “I'm really disappointed for Shoal Creek, because it's a fantastic golf course, such a wonderful layout, very simplistic in many ways, but very challenging.”
That doesn't mean the week won't be packed with drama and outstanding shot making and a great finish. That would be more than salve for the frustrations that have built here. An unforgettable finish that trumps the week's rough start is Shoal Creek's hope.
“The staff and members have worked hard the last few years,” Talley said. “There's nothing you can do about [the weather]. There's nothing Shoal Creek can do about that. There's nothing the USGA can do. That's just Mother Nature, and it's hard to see, but they will recover, because they're Shoal Creek.”
The Trump administration released its budget, but the numbers are based on one major assumption.
Here's why relying on a 3 percent growth rate for our GDP is just "pie in the sky."
Police and fire officials say a guest at a Washington hotel died after falling into a boiler shaft on the roof and plunging 10 floors to the basement.
D.C. police spokesman Rachel Schaerr tells The Washington Post 23-year-old John Leonard of Herndon, Virginia, fell around 2:30 a.m. Sunday at the 9-story Dupont Circle Hotel. Authorities say he had gone to the roof with someone else, possibly his girlfriend.
Schaerr says Leonard went to the roof to get a good view of the city.
A spokesman for the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department said crews that specialize in confined-space rescues recovered Leonard's body.
A manager at the Dupont Circle Hotel called the incident “a tragic accident” in a prepared statement. He did not offer more details.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Conservatives have suspended a council by-election candidate following "unacceptable comments" on social media.
Laurel Ellis was picked for the Gurnos Ward on Merthyr Tydfil council.
Ms Ellis had shared posts critical of Islam and the leader of the Conservative Party, Theresa May. Labour AM Dawn Bowden said they were Islamophobic.
The party said she regrets the posts. She has been asked for comment.
The Conservative Party announced the suspension following inquiries from BBC Wales regarding the Facebook posts on Wednesday.
Despite the party saying she would not be standing for Tories, nominations have already been published for the poll and she will still appear on the ballot.
Laurel Ellis' Facebook page included one post that suggested Britain was tolerant "until... Muslims marched".
Another, entitled "Sharia May", includes a photo-shopped picture of Theresa May wearing Muslim religious dress.
The posts originally came from other pages on Facebook.
In a Twitter post sent before Ms May became leader of the Conservatives, Ms Ellis said: "Theresa May is a front runner really? A leader that supports Islam and is happy to have Sharia Law in our country?"
A spokesman for the Welsh Conservatives said the party seeks "to reach out to, and represent, all communities and people from all walks of life in Wales".
"The Welsh Conservatives have suspended Laurel Ellis following unacceptable comments she made on social media," the party said.
Image caption Dawn Bowden said it was alarming the Welsh Conservatives would select a candidate with 'apparently distasteful and Islamophobic views'
Labour AM for Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney Dawn Bowden said prior to the suspension: "It is alarming that the Welsh Conservatives would select an official candidate with such apparently distasteful and Islamophobic views, which seems to extend to attacking the leader of her own party.
"The Welsh Conservatives clearly have questions to answer about how such a candidate has been selected."
The by-election was triggered after previous councillor Rhonda Braithwaite stepped down for personal reasons in May.
Labour's Allyn Hooper, and independents Dillan Singh and Jeremy Davies are also standing.
The election will be held on 26 July.
HOUSTON — With the offense sputtering and undermining what was a promising start to the season, Los Angeles Angels manager Mike Scioscia is seeking solutions for his unproductive lineup.
With outfielder Cameron Maybin having just one hit in his previous three games, Ben Revere made a third consecutive start Monday in the Angels' 3-0 loss to the Houston Astros. Revere went 0-for-4 and left three runners on base.
Maybin is batting .212 with one homer and two RBIs in 37 plate appearances. Revere saw his average drop to .185 with one RBI after taking the collar in the series opener.
The Angels and Astros are set to square off again on Tuesday night.
With Mike Trout and Kole Calhoun entrenched in center and right, respectively, the Angels need either Maybin or Revere to make a play for increased at-bats.
“Ben's going to get his share of starts for sure and Cam's going to play a lot,” Scioscia said. “We're going to go right now day to day and see how guys match up and get them out there.
“It's a good time for Cam right now to exhale a little bit; he's been really grinding it. All of the guys have. To get Ben in there a couple days I feel gives us a little boost.
“Cam's going to get, obviously, the lion's share of playing time in left field. Right now, we're just mixing and matching a little bit until some of our guys get comfortable.”
Right-hander Ricky Nolasco (0-2, 5.40 ERA) will get the start for the Angels on Tuesday night. Nolasco is 6-1 with a 3.83 ERA in nine appearances (eight starts) against the Astros in his career.
In his lone appearance against Houston last season, Nolasco twirled seven shutout innings, allowing five hits and one walk with five strikeouts in a 2-0 victory that came in his penultimate start of 2016.
Right-hander Joe Musgrove (1-0, 4.09 ERA) will make his third start of the season for the Astros. Musgrove faced the Angels once during his rookie campaign, allowing one run and seven hits with four strikeouts in seven innings in a 4-1 victory in his final start of the season on Sept. 25.
Musgrove was a touted prospect before making his debut on Aug. 2, and the 10 starts he amassed late last season paved the way for his solid performance in spring training and led to him breaking camp with the team for the first time.
There was competition for slots in the back of the rotation, and Musgrove landed his position before right-hander Collin McHugh went on the disabled list with right shoulder tendinitis.
“That's a good little base to go off of,” Musgrove said of his 2016 starts. “I learned a lot last year going into this year, which has definitely made me a little more comfortable. Making the roster and knowing that I'm one of the best five guys that they want to put out there every fifth day gives you a lot of confidence.
“Especially knowing with the way the offseason went with trade (speculation) and the talk about (White Sox left-hander Jose) Quintana coming over, it means a lot to me and to a lot of the other starters that they had confidence and faith in us that we were the best guys to get the job done and they kept us around Houston.”
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
ROME — Pope Francis asked forgiveness Monday for all Christians who buy sex from women, saying men who frequent prostitutes are criminals with a "sick mentality" who think that women exist to be exploited.
"This isn't making love. This is torturing a woman. Let's not confuse the terms," Francis insisted.
Pope Francis Fabio Frustaci / EPA
The pope made the comments during an intimate, four-hour-long listening session with 300 young people who were invited by the Vatican to Rome this week to help church leaders learn what kids these days think about the Catholic Church.
It's a preparatory meeting for a big synod of bishops in October on helping young people find their vocations in life. Francis has insisted that young adults — Catholic and not — be integral in the process informing the otherwise all-male, celibate and rather old church hierarchy about the future of the church.
"Young people must be taken seriously," he said.
He got an earful when he opened the meeting by urging the young people to speak with courage, without shame or "anesthesia" to dull the truth.
Nicholas Lopez, a college campus minister from Texas, told Francis that young people today face racism, poverty and gang violence, as well as "unjust immigration laws that threaten to split children from families."
Angela Markas from Australia told Francis young people want debate in the church about sexuality, same-sex attraction and the role of women.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Pope Francis: A Man of His Word': Exclusive first look at new documentary 3:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Blessing Okoedion, from Nigeria, asked Francis how the church could allow Catholics to be clients for the many Nigerian women in Italy like her, who are forced to be sex slaves by the traffickers who got them here.
"I ask myself, and I ask you: Is the male chauvinistic church able to truthfully ask itself about this high demand by clients?" she asked.
Francis, who has made the fight against human trafficking and modern-day sex slaves a priority of his pontificate, urged young people to take up the fight against trafficking and forced prostitution.
"This is one of the battles that I ask you young people to do, for the dignity of women," he said. He said forced prostitution was born of a "sick mentality" that no form of feminism has managed to rid from society, one that thinks that "women are to be exploited."
Speaking to Okoedion, who was forced into prostitution but escaped, Francis concluded: "I want to take advantage of this moment, because you talked about baptized and Christians, to ask your forgiveness, from society and all the Catholics who do this criminal act."
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) - Kentucky's Republican governor has acknowledged for the first time he might not call a special session of the state legislature to overhaul one of the country's worst funded public pension systems.
Matt Bevin has said repeatedly he would call a special session of the state legislature before the end of the year to address the pension issue. But his proposal has received significant opposition from state employees and even members of his own political party. Last week, 47 Republican House members signed a letter asking him not to call a special session this year.
Monday, Bevin told reporters there is still a chance he could call the legislature back to Frankfort next week to vote on the bill. But he said lawmakers could take up the issue during the session scheduled to begin Jan. 2.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Since 2013, I have primarily covered the Anoka-Hennepin and Spring Lake Park school districts as well as the city of Spring Lake Park for ABC Newspapers.
Both women charged in the assault of a 15-year-old St. Francis girl this summer were ordered to write her an apology letter and pay restitution.
In August, the women were arrested after allegedly hitting and kicking 15-year-old Sydney DeTenancour and cutting off some of her hair in a wooded area near The Ponds Golf Course in St. Francis June 17.
A video of the attack has been viewed on Facebook more than 500,000 times.
Cassandra Teal Borden, 19, of Cedar, hit and kicked the victim nearly 50 times. She was convicted of fifth-degree misdemeanor assault Nov. 14, and as part of a plea agreement, she had a fourth-degree property damage misdemeanor charge for allegedly breaking the victim's cellphone dismissed at sentencing.
Alexis Sue Nelson, 20, of Zimmerman, was also charged with fifth-degree misdemeanor assault after allegedly cutting off several inches of the victim's hair.
Nelson received a stay of adjudication Dec. 19. The case will be dismissed after one year if she completes conditions set forth by the judge, including writing a letter of apology to DeTenancour, taking medications as directed, continuing counseling with a psychiatrist, paying $80 in restitution and more.
At sentencing last month, Borden was also ordered to write a letter of apology. She had a 90-day jail sentence stayed for one year during which time she will be on probation. In addition, Borden was ordered to pay $669 in restitution, attend anger management, complete 40 hours of community service and earn her GED certificate.
[email protected]
To assess the key supply chain events of 2016, Resilinc released its EventWatch Annual Report which tracks information from the company's supplier network. The report reviews incidents by risk type, industry, geography, severity, and seasonality.
“The earthquakes that impacted southern Taiwan and Japan in the first half of the year, and the bankruptcy declaration of Hanjin Shipping caused considerable disruptions to global supply chains,” said Shahzaib Khan, director of EventWatch at Resilinc.
“Also, 2016 saw a higher frequency of low impact disruption events over the previous year,” Khan added. “Business-related events such as Mergers & Acquisitions, Business Sale and Reorganization/Management Change were the most common events notified.”
The report also reveals The EventWatch Top 5 supply chain events of 2016. The top 5 event ranking is driven by estimated aggregate revenue impact felt by manufacturers across the supply chain.
The top 5 events of 2016 in terms of impact to businesses, were:
1) 6.4 Magnitude Earthquake in Taiwan, February
2)Series of earthquakes in Japan, April
3)Typhoon Haima which hit Taiwan, China and the Philippines
4)Typhoon Napartak
5)Typhoon Megi, which both affected parts of Taiwan and China.
Key report highlights include:
Mergers & Acquisitions represented the majority of EventWatch bulletins in 2016 with 20% of bulletins notified.
Despite the increase in the total number of factory fire events notified in 2016, Factory Fires/Explosion dropped slightly from 17% in 2015 to 13% in 2016, falling to the second position for the first time.
For the first time, life sciences overtook the automotive industry as the most frequently impacted industry, fueled by an increase in Merger & Acquisition and FDA/EMA Action bulletins.
In 2016, the majority of supply chain events reported by EventWatch occurred in North America, overtaking Asia, which had the majority of events in 2015.
Two other important changes occurred in 2016 that have medium to long term supply chain impact potential, according to the report. These are, Brexit and the election of Donald Trump as President of the U.S. “While the impact to supply chains worldwide is not yet known or realized, these 2016 developments have the potential to change the makeup of global supply chains in the years to come,” the report said.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Roshen Silva hit his maiden century as Sri Lanka reached 612-4 and a 99-run first-innings lead over Bangladesh at lunch on the fourth day of the opening test on Saturday.
After resuming on 504-3, the visitors added 109 runs in the session to surpass 600 and eclipse England's 599-6 (declared) against Bangladesh in 2010 for the highest innings total at the venue.
Silva, playing in just his second test, scored 109 to become the third batsman of the Sri Lankan innings after Kusal Mendis (196) and Dhananjaya de Silva (173) to make a century.
Silva's hundred came off 197-balls, with six boundaries and a six.
Captain Dinesh Chandimal and Silva combined for 115-runs for the fourth wicket, the third century-plus partnership in the innings before the latter was dismissed, trying to cut off-spinner Mehidy Hasan (2-137).
Chandimal is also on the verge of a century, being 87 not out, with Niroshan Dickwella unbeaten on 29 at the break.
Image copyright Stuart Patterson
A former drug-addict from Easterhouse has turned his life around to become a blog-writing pastor.
Stuart Patterson updates his blog with stories from troubled years to put people off getting involved with drugs.
At the age of 11 he got a scholarship at fee-paying Hutchesons' Grammar School but high book fees made him feel under pressure.
This caused him to move schools and from there he found himself involved in gang life.
He said: "I have a lot of regrets but I have learned not to be bound by them.
"There is a lot that I have done that I wish I never but I find if I talk about it, something may be sparked off in somebody."
Stuart was always intelligent at school and was offered the chance to sit the Hutchesons exam, which he passed.
Image copyright Stuart Patterson Image caption Stuart helps to organise a free gala in Easterhouse each year
Speaking to Stephen Jardine on BBC Radio Scotland, he said: "There was always an understanding that I was intelligent.
"I started at Hutchesons' but felt a bit like a fish out of water. I still got on with it, I still did the work and I enjoyed the atmosphere and ethos."
Going into second year, all students were given a books list and this was simply not affordable.
"I had the book list thinking, 'I need these books' and my mum said that we will get them through the year," he said. "I remember going into English and my teacher saying that we will need Of Mice and Men for the next week and so I'm in a deep state of panic."
Over the next week, he just couldn't pluck up the courage to ask his parents for the money .
He said: "The next Friday, I got to Central (station), the bank of pay phones were still there, and I just pretended to be my Dad and just said that I wouldn't be going in."
Over the next six weeks this became a common occurrence.
'Fighting on pitches'
It then became clear that he would not be staying at the grammar school.
He ended up at Lochend school, an area where there was a different gang to where he lived in Easterhouse.
Summers involved fighting on pitches, smoking cannabis and drinking wine, something Stuart became involved with to "fit in".
By the time he was in fourth year, he changed schools because police had to man the school gates so he would not get killed.
He moved to Westwood school where he was threatened to be stabbed.
Image copyright Stuart Patterson Image caption Stuart on the day he began at Hutchesons school with his Aunt and Uncle
He said: "I was 15 years old. No 15-year-old should have to go through that.
"I remember boys going into English with their bottles of EL Dorado and taking me out because guys from another gang had threatened me."
As soon as he could, he left school and got a job as a butcher.
"At this point I started having more money and getting more involved with drugs," Stuart said. "I was taking whatever tablets I could get my hands on."
At this time, he had a girlfriend from a different area and walking her home one night he got attacked, coincidentally by the group of guys he would later buy acid from.
Image copyright Stuart Patterson Image caption Stuart is now married and has three children
Quickly, things changed when he built up something of a relationship with the drug dealers.
He said: "It was mad how drugs brought gang fighting down, if you wanted to get some you couldn't be fighting the guys selling."
From this relationship his biggest addiction began, he explains: "The first drug I fell in love with was acid, sometimes I would take seven in a day.
"I was selling them, I was the only guy who could go up to the other scheme to get them."
This led to a prison sentence but he was soon out, working on a building site with his new addiction, heroin.
He said: "One day in May 1997 I realised I didn't have my drugs and someone said a guy on site had them.
"The company thought this guy had been stealing so they put one and one together and got three."
A couple of weeks later, his managers drove Stuart to a field and held a gun to his back.
He managed to talk his way out of the situation but after his shift, he left.
'Help other people'
He says that he was honest with his parents about the situation but then simply asked them for a fiver towards drugs.
At this point his mum knew change was needed and put him in contact with Haven and the Teen Challenge Centre.
A pastor phoned and Stuart's first thought was to persuade him to give him a fiver.
The pastor offered to pray for him instead.
Stuart said: " I can't remember what he said but I just went through to my Mum and Dad to say sorry.
"The love of God in my life has made the difference, when you start making decisions based on how you can help other people, it actually makes a difference."
He now runs a ministry in a shopping centre in Easterhouse, helping those with drug issues.
On his blog, he said: "I turned my life around. My beautiful wife Tracy is a nurse and my three girls do not need to grow up in a home full of addiction and all it brings.
"There is hope."
Image copyright Met Office Image caption The yellow weather warning covers most of southern parts of the UK - as well as most of Wales
Torrential rain has been forecast for Wales, prompting the Met Office to issue a yellow warning.
Officials say flooding of homes and businesses could "happen quickly" as a band of rain sweeps in from the south west.
As well as the rain, lightning, hail and strong winds are also predicted.
A Met Office spokesman said: "There is the potential for 30-40 mm of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 60-80 mm in 2-3 hours."
The weather warning covers most of Wales and is in place between 11:00 and 23:59 BST on Thursday.
Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Taijuan Walker winds up during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT (AP) -- Taijuan Walker pitched five sharp innings in his return from the disabled list, and the Arizona Diamondbacks won their fourth straight game, 2-1 over the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.
Walker (5-3) allowed a run and six hits in his first appearance since May 19. He had been out because of a blister on his right index finger.
The Diamondbacks scored two runs in the first inning, and that turned out to be all they needed. Walker was lifted after 82 pitches, but Randall Delgado pitched three scoreless innings of relief. Fernando Rodney struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances.
Jordan Zimmermann (5-5) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings.
Arizona is 9-1 in interleague play this season. The lone defeat was at home May 10 against Detroit.
The Diamondbacks took the lead right away against Zimmermann. Gregor Blanco led off the game with a single to left that got past Justin Upton for an error. Blanco went all the way to third on the play and scored on David Peralta's sacrifice fly. Brandon Drury added an RBI single, but Upton redeemed himself by throwing Chris Owings out at the plate.
Detroit was hitless until the third, when Ian Kinsler managed a two-out double and scored on Alex Avila's single.
Walker struck out six and walked one, and Zimmermann was impressive as well. After Chris Hermann's single to start the second, Arizona didn't have another baserunner until the seventh.
It was the third straight quality start for Zimmermann and the first time this year he had gone more than six innings. He struck out six without a walk and lowered his ERA to 5.35.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Diamondbacks: After a one-out walk to Avila in the first, Walker committed an obvious balk when he began his motion to the plate but didn't release the ball. It looked awkward, but he was able to continue and there was no sign of an injury.
UP NEXT
Diamondbacks: Arizona has Thursday off before starting a three-game series at Philadelphia. LHP Patrick Corbin (5-6) starts Friday night for the Diamondbacks against RHP Aaron Nola (3-4).
Tigers: Detroit begins a four-game series at home against Tampa Bay on Thursday night. RHP Justin Verlander (4-4) takes the mound for the Tigers against RHP Alex Cobb (5-5).
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
---
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
David Ortiz goes scorched earth on Bobby Valentine in new book In his upcoming autobiography, “Papi: My Story,” written with the help of Michael Holley, former Red Sox slugger David Ortiz opens up about the dreadful 2012 season, and Bobby Valentine's...
How an Army Rangers sniper became 'The Reaper' Nick “Irv” Irving had never taken a human life when his platoon sergeant took him to one side. “After you kill a man,” said the NCO, “there's no other feeling...
Scientist '99 percent' sure bones found belong to Amelia Earhart A scientific study claims to shed new light on the decades-long mystery of what happened to Amelia Earhart. Richard Jantz, an emeritus anthropology professor at the University of Tennessee, argues...
Authorities find Amelia Earhart's stolen car A rare vintage car that once belonged to Amelia Earhart went missing last week – but was found three days later parked on the street in a Los Angeles neighborhood....
Gruesome theory in Amelia Earhart disappearance The mystery surrounding Amelia Earhart's disappearance has bewildered many for years. Some have proposed that her plane simply crashed and sank, while others have pondered a number of other explanations,...
Amelia Earhart mystery continues with claims of her grave Days after a photo surfaced suggesting that legendary aviator Amelia Earhart may have survived a crash landing in the Marshall Islands 80 years ago, a group of researchers with a...
The bogus 'ostracism' of Trump and other comments View from abroad: Why Does Europe Hate Trump? America, chortle the elite media, was “ostracized” by G20 leaders, led by Germany's Angela Merkel, on immigration and other issues, notes Irwin...
'It's a woman!' Finder of potential Amelia Earhart pics on his discovery The retired federal agent who discovered what he believes is the first photographic evidence of Amelia Earhart alive and well after crash-landing in the Pacific Ocean during her attempted round-the-world...
Does this photo finally solve the Amelia Earhart mystery? A recently discovered photograph may be the key to solving the mystery of missing American pilot Amelia Earhart. Earhart — the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean...
Amelia Earhart mystery could be solved by dogs The unsolved mystery of Amelia Earhart's sudden disappearance during a round-the-world flight in 1937 may finally be solved — by a group of bone-sniffing dogs. A pack of four border...
Science may have solved the Amelia Earhart mystery Legendary aviator Amelia Earhart was attempting to become the first female pilot to fly around the world when her plane disappeared over the Pacific Ocean in 1937. Last month, the...
A state senator is planning to introduce legislation Tuesday that would require city elementary school children to be tested for lead exposure.
Sen. Jesse Hamilton (D-Brooklyn) is dropping the bill four weeks after investigators revealed that the New York City Housing Authority failed to conducted mandated lead paint inspections for four years and lied to the federal government about it.
The bill would require parents to provide proof of testing for kids entering kindergarten, second or fourth grade. If they don't have proof, parents would be directed to get their children tested in their home borough.
“Every NYCHA resident deserves safe housing. Every child growing up in NYCHA housing deserves to be free from hazardous lead,” said Hamilton.
“As someone who grew up in NYCHA housing myself, I know it is our duty to ensure NYCHA lives up to its responsibilities.”
The bill would take effect immediately upon passage.
Last week, city officials said the city would offer testing to children six and under living in more than 2,000 NYCHA apartments that may have lead paint.
She loves her “pweds,” she knows the players names and she is nothing put positive.
Cutest NHL fan ever?
Sad news from the comedy world…
“TMZ has learned Ralphie died at a private residence in Vegas Friday morning. We're told he had been battling pneumonia for 6 weeks and died of cardiac arrest.”
We'd often feature Mr. May as the Road Rage Hour Comedian. We send thoughts and prayers to his family and friends.
One of his peers has shared thoughts already…
HOUSTON (AP) Charlie Morton and three relievers combined for a five-hitter, Jose Altuve drove in two runs and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3-0 on Monday night for their fifth straight win.
Morton (1-1) worked in and out of trouble over five innings, allowing five hits and two walks with three strikeouts. He had runners on in every inning, including stranding the bases loaded in the second when he got Ben Revere to fly out. Morton has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his three starts this season.
Chris Devenski followed Morton with two perfect innings, Luke Gregerson threw a perfect eighth and Ken Giles pitched the ninth for his third save. Astros pitchers retired the last 14 batters.
Jesse Chavez (1-2) allowed two runs and seven hits over a season-high seven innings. He struck out five and rebounded after allowing five runs in 4 1/3 innings in his last outing.
Altuve had a sacrifice fly to make it 2-0 in the third and hit an RBI double in the eighth. Alex Bregman had an RBI single in the second.
Mike Trout and Martin Maldonado each had two hits for the Angels, who stranded nine runners and were 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position. The Angels, who have lost six straight, were shut out in consecutive games for the first time since July 28-29, 2012, against Tampa Bay.
TRAINING ROOM
Astros: SS Carlos Correa (right hand bruise) was not in the starting lineup after being hit by a pitch Saturday in Oakland. Manager A.J. Hinch called Correa day to day. ”Initially we planned on playing him,” Hinch said. ”We got back last night after the long flight and he felt OK. He woke up this morning, didn't feel great, still some lingering soreness. It's a fairly easy decision if he has as much soreness as he has to give him another day off.”
UP NEXT
Angels: RHP Ricky Nolasco (0-2) makes his fourth start of the season Tuesday in the second game of the four-game series. Nolasco lost his last start Thursday, allowing five runs on eight hits, but he is 4-0 with a 2.53 ERA in five games at Minute Maid Park.
Astros: RHP Joe Musgrove (1-0) takes the mound for his third start Tuesday. Musgrove will be looking for his second straight win after allowing three runs in 5 1/3 innings his last start Apr. 11 at Seattle.
—
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Facebook exec denies rumors of impending resignation Facebook's chief security officer will leave the social media company after battling with executives over their transparency about the extent of Russian disinformation on the website, a report said Monday....
Trump campaign consultants allegedly caught bragging about crooked tactics The data-analysis company that did work for Donald Trump's presidential campaign bragged about going to crook lengths — including using Ukrainian sex workers, cash bribes and fake IDs — to...
Trump lawyer calls for shutdown of Russia probe President Trump's closest legal adviser wants Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election to go the way of Andrew McCabe's FBI career. “I pray that...
Facebook bans data firm that helped Trump win election Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over allegations that it held onto improperly obtained user data after telling Facebook it had...
Paul Manafort could live out his days in prison The evidence against President Trump's ex-campaign manager Paul Manafort is so strong it could land him behind bars for the rest of his life, according to a federal judge's order...
House Republicans: No collusion between Trump and Russia WASHINGTON — Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee have completed a draft report concluding there was no collusion or coordination between Donald Trump's presidential campaign and Russia. The finding is...
After all that, ex-Trump aide arrives for grand jury Former Trump aide Sam Nunberg arrived Friday at District Court in Washington, DC, where he was expected to provide grand jury testimony as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's probe....
Protester throws Russian flag at Paul Manafort A heckler threw a Russian flag at former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort on Thursday as he walked to his vehicle from a court appearance. Manafort was at federal court...
Nunberg now says he's given Mueller everything he wanted Former Trump aide Sam Nunberg said Wednesday that he turned over all materials requested to Special Counsel Robert Mueller — two days after a bizarre media blitz in which he...
Kentucky Basketball: For the second time this season, the Cats have swept the weekly SEC Basketball Awards, following big games from Briscoe, Monk
For the second time this season, Kentucky swept the weekly SEC awards, with Isaiah Briscoe taking SEC Player of the week and teammate Malik Monk earning SEC Freshman of the Week honors.
The two guards were both dynamic in Kentucky's 99-point outpouring to open SEC play last week in Oxford, MS, when the Cats routed Ole Miss by 23 points. It was the most points a John Calipari-coached UK team had ever scored in a true road game.
Briscoe was especially dynamic, seemingly making every play early against Ole Miss, ultimately recording only the third triple-double in the history of the program. Briscoe scored 19 points, dished out 11 assists and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead the Cats.
Monk picked up his third SEC honor of the season, as the dynamic freshman lit it up for 34 points on 11 of 16 shooting from the field, including 5 of 7 from 3-point range. Monk's 34 points set a UK record for most points scored in a road game by a freshman.
This week's awards were arguably the most fitting for what Kentucky needs out of the two guards to be successful this season. Briscoe, an on-court leader and do-everything type of player, plays excellent on-ball defense, gets into the lane regularly off the bounce and is one of the strongest guards in the country finishing at the rim.
Monk, meanwhile, has already established himself as one of the most prolific scorers in the nation, turning heads everywhere after his 47-point explosion against North Carolina. Monk has proven to be Kentucky's most consistent 3-point threat, and the explosive guard has emerged as the “go-to” guy when the Cats need a basket.
More from Wildcat Blue Nation
The Cats return to action Tuesday night at 9 PM EST when they host Texas A&M in Rupp Arena; ESPN will broadcast the game.
This article originally appeared on
Valentines Day Advice for Dick the Dog Posted on Tuesday, February 14, 2017 · Leave a Comment
French directors Mrzyk & Moriceau serve up solid advice for Dick the Dog on Valentines Day for the MTV Staying Alive Foundation with animation by Mathematic and music from Woody Guthrie thru Ogilvy & Mather Hong Kong.
The campaign is aimed at “the post-AIDS generation of teenagers, among whom HIV infections are still not decreasing, the campaign aims to show that safe sex is fun and that condoms are not a barrier to freedom.”
Reed Collins, CCO at Ogilvy Hong Kong: “Dick the Dog is a mischievous little mutt who gets extremely excited whenever he sees a hole. But before Dick can go exploring he must put on his little raincoat.
“The campaign will run in over 50 countries on satellite television and in digital media in a variety of time lengths and guises including some areas of the world where taboos around sex and safe sex are particularly sensitive.”
Client: Viacom
Agency: Ogilvy & Mather Hong Kong
CCO: Reed Collins
CDs: Paul Suters, Sarah-Leith Izzard, Mike Pearson
Art Director: Sarah-Leith Izzard
Copywriter: Paul Suters
Producer: Lulu Wong
Production: Division
Directors: Mrzyk & Moriceau
Producer: Jules de Chateleux
Animation and Post Production: Mathematic.tv
VFX producer: Guillaume Marien
Animators:Leyla Kaddoura, Ruben Sellem, Faouzi Hammadi, Flore Montmory, Marina Roel, Mohamed Fadera, Mickaël Dupré
Compositing: Astrid Tessier
VFX line producers: Nadège Moreau, Raminta Poskute
Music supervision: Perfect Harmony
Music: Woody Guthrie “Riding In My Car”
A shocking video posted on Instagram shows a pit bull attacking a woman on the subway and refusing to let go even as several people tried to pull the dog away.
The video shows the pooch chomping down on a woman's shoe for several seconds as straphangers yell at the animal's handler.
“Get the dog off of her!” yells one woman.
“Call the police!” another man screams.
The train descends into chaos as riders try to get away from the dog. A man sitting next to the woman with her shoe in the dog's mouth pulls hard on her leg to try to shake the beast off.
The dog finally releases near the end of the video and the animal's handler tries to get it back into a crate while other riders continue to scream at him.
MTA officials, who didn't know where and when the incident happened, called the video disturbing.
“Our rules require non-service animals to be kept inside containers and not disturbing other passengers,” said MTA spokesman Shams Tarek.
“What's happening in this video is disturbing and a clear violation of our rules. We flagged this video for NYPD, which is responsible for enforcing Transit rules.”
By Annie Reuter
Ed Sheeran is well known for his chart-topping hits but the singer/songwriter also has a heart of gold. During a recent episode of Ireland's The Ray D'Arcy Show, one young man told a story about how the singer granted his sister her dying wish.
Related: Ed Sheeran Shoots ‘Galway Girl' Music Video in Galway
Sheeran fan Triona Priestly lost a long battle with cystic fibrosis in 2014 and her brother, Aiden, recently recounted her final moments and the happiness Sheeran brought her.
“We were in this small little ICU room,” he recalled. “Triona in this huge bed covered in tubes and machines. My brother left the room. He returned then and said, ‘I'm just going to put you on loud speaker,' and he clicks it, then Ed Sheeran comes on and saying, ‘Hi Triona. I hear you're a big fan.'”
Sheeran spoke to Triona for a moment and said that he heard her favorite song was “Little Bird.” Then he played the tune in its entirety for her.
“Then we hang up on him, probably a bit rude at the time, and the doctor lifts the stethoscope to tell us her heart had stopped. And we take the mask off because she'd been on a machine to breathe—and in that moment, I remember, a burst of light comes from the window and she smiled,” he added.
Sheeran first learned about Triona's struggle when fans launched a Twitter campaign #SongForTri. When he heard she had died Sheeran paid tribute to Triona.
Aidan Priestley on @edsheeran's amazing act of kindness to his late sister Triona in her last moments. #RayDarcy https://t.co/RWh3ggQYl6 —
The Ray D'Arcy Show (@RTERayDarcyShow) April 15, 2017
The story of the child who goes missing — and is either murdered or reappears after a long absence — has been a popular premise for several interesting, if flawed,...
It was the size of a fitness ball, but its effect was bigger than that of any bomb.
Sixty years ago, on Oct. 4, 1957, the world awoke to learn that the Soviet Union had launched a satellite into orbit — the first nation to do so. Sputnik 1 was nearly two feet in diameter and weighed as much as a middle-aged insurance salesman. Most people were stunned.
Why was this so disturbing? The idea of artificial satellites had been around for a while. Indeed, sci-fi author Arthur C. Clarke had written up a prescient scheme predicting the use of geosynchronous satellites for communications as early as 1945.
The shock, of course, was because Sputnik was launched at the height of the Cold War.
Both the Americans and the Soviets had scooped up many of the German rocket scientists after World War II, and while most of their subsequent efforts were motivated by military programs, some rocket experts (including Wernher von Braun) anticipated a wondrous future of both robotic science and human spaceflight. As von Braun famously wrote, he “aimed for the stars.”
Hilda Solis, then secretary of labor, tours Florida Power & Light's Lauderdale Power Plant in Dania Beach with FPL workers, on July 13, 2011. FPL proposes to take two aging power-generating units offline at that site and replace them with modern, natural-gas-fueled units. Emily Michot emichot@miamiherald.com
We are looking for Latina/os between the ages of 18-25 to participate in a study looking at stress and mental health. If you complete the survey, you will be entered into a drawing to win one of ten $20 Amazon gift cards. The odds of winning are approximately 1/20!
If you are interested in participating, please send an email to daisy.aceves@ttu.edu, indicating that you would like to participate.
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
Video
How would deal with the nightmare of losing your hair early?
Chidera Eggerue, who has traction alopecia, investigates hair loss for the latest Newsbeat documentary.
She meets rapper Paigey Cakey who had a hair transplant and Jordan who's about to have one.
She also speaks to a hair expert who fills her in on some of the truths and myths around hair loss, and chats to 23-year-old Perry who's been losing his hair for four years and gets him to meet George, who's bald already.
This video is not available through the BBC app but you can view it on iPlayer by clicking here.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — A Bahamian man has been restored to health at a Florida hospital after drifting on the Atlantic Ocean for 16 days.
Samuel Moss Jr. of Nassau, the Bahamas, spoke with reporters Friday at St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach.
Moss set sail from Bimini to Nassau on Jan. 13 in a new 21-foot angler. The 23-year-old quickly ran out of gas as he tried to sail through rough waves. He drifted alone until another boater spotted him Monday about 10 miles off the coast of West Palm Beach.
Moss said he survived on potato chips, cookies and bottled water for 12 days, until a 40-foot wave hit his boat and wiped out his meagre supplies.
Dr. Kevin Buford said Moss' electrolytes were dangerously low when the U.S. Coast Guard flew him ashore.
MADISON, Wis. — University of Wisconsin System leaders approved a policy Friday that calls for suspending and expelling students who disrupt campus speeches and presentations, saying students need to listen to all sides of issues and arguments.
The Board of Regents adopted the language on a voice vote during a meeting at the University of Wisconsin-Sout in Menomonie. The policy states that students found to have twice engaged in violence or other disorderly conduct that disrupts others' free speech would be suspended.
Students found to have disrupted others' free expression three times would be expelled.
“Perhaps the most important thing we can do as a university is to teach students how to engage and listen to those with whom they differ,” system President Ray Cross told the regents. “If we don't show students how to do this, who will? Without civil discourse and a willingness to listen and engage with different voices, all we are doing is reinforcing our existing values.”
The policy comes amid complaints from conservatives across the country that right-leaning speakers aren't afforded the same level of respect on campuses as liberal presenters. Students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2016 shouted down and traded obscene gestures with ex-Breitbart editor and conservative columnist Ben Shapiro.
The University of California-Berkeley cancelled an appearance by right-wing firebrand Milo Yiannopoulus in September. Four protests have turned violent on that campus and in the nearby city in recent months.
The new Wisconsin policy mirrors Republican legislation the state Assembly passed in June, though the Senate has yet to act on the bill.
Regents President John Robert Behling told the board before Friday's vote that adopting the policy ahead of the legislation shows “a responsiveness to what's going on in the Capitol, which helps build relationships.”
Republican Gov. Scott Walker appointed all but two of the board's 18 members. State public schools Superintendent Tony Evers and Wisconsin Technical College System Board Vice-President Mark Tyler are automatically regents by virtue of their offices.
Evers, a Democrat running against Walker in next year's gubernatorial election, cast the only dissenting vote. He accused the regents of sacrificing free speech to curry favour with Republican lawmakers.
“This policy will chill and suppress free speech on this campus and all campuses,” Evers said.
Other Democratic opponents charge that the policy doesn't clearly define what type of conduct is considered disruptive.
“Who's going to show up to a protest if they think they could be potentially expelled?” Democratic state Rep. Chris Taylor, whose district includes the flagship Madison campus, said during a Thursday news conference on the policy.
A senior at the university, Savion Castro, accused the regents of “capitulating to a band of right-wing extremists.”
“The First Amendment is supposed to be messy and contentious and allow contentious debate,” Castro said during the news conference. “The whole point of protest is to disrupt the status quo and make people uncomfortable.”
Regent Regina Millner defended the resolution at the meeting, saying it's designed to promote listening.
“I don't consider drowning out another speaker as freedom of speech,” Millner said. “That doesn't qualify.”
The policy won't take effect until the system writes administrative rules implementing it and Walker and lawmakers sign off on them. That process that could take months.
——
Follow Todd Richmond on Twitter at https://twitter.com/trichmond1
The Tegra X1 is one of Nvidia's latest mobile processors, powering devices like the Nintendo Switch, Google Pixel C, and Nvidia Shield. It's not uncommon that vulnerabilities are discovered in SoCs, and that has just happened for the Tegra X1. Katherine Temkin and the ReSwitched hacking team have just released details about a security flaw, nicknamed 'Fusée Gelée,' that allows unauthenticated arbitrary code execution on devices using the Tegra chip.
You can read all the details at the source link below, but to summarize, Fusée Gelée takes advantage of a flaw in the Tegra X1's USB recovery mode. By sending a malformed command during the bootROM's USB control procedure, code can be copied into the protected application stack. This allows the attacker to run arbitrary code on the device.
The team put together a proof of concept for the Nintendo Switch, as seen in the image above. Since the Pixel C and Nvidia Shield use the same processor, it's very likely the vulnerability affects those devices as well. As written in the documentation, "Access to the fuses needed to configure the device's ipatches was blocked when the ODM_PRODUCTION fuse was burned, so no bootROM update is possible." In other words, the vulnerability can't be fixed on existing devices.
The team has provided all information about the exploit to Nintendo and Nvidia, so future revisions of the X1 probably won't be susceptible to the bug. In the meantime, you probably shouldn't store government secrets on your Shield or Pixel C.
Town progressed to the semi-finals of the Buckingham Charity Cup with a very laboured performance on Tuesday night against a very hardworking Unite MK 2-1 in Bletchley.
Town were by far the better side and created many more chances than their young opponents who worked very hard but were not able to create many real goal scoring opportunities .
Unite could have scored when a header went over the bar when a better directed effort would surely have found the net . Although Leighton had the greater share of possession they failed to really trouble the home keeper.
Town went ahead when Tom Silford beat the 'keeper from close range and this should have set them on the way to victory but a scrambled effort drew their hosts level. Substitute James Hatch got the winner near the end and Town played out the final minutes without any scares.
Although Town started this game without seven regular first team players, manager Reynolds needs to work hard to have the entire squad up for games of this nature if they are to continue to challenge for honours this season.
Biggest UK economic news due today is the announcement of Consumer Prices Index inflation figures for February 2018, out at 09:30.
Last month's release showed that CPI was 3% in January, unchanged from December and down from 3.1% in November. Most economists are expecting a small fall in the CPI to 2.9%.
Look out for the possibility of food price inflation slowing. The government's inflation target is 2%
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — How Aaron Boone juggles Giancarlo Stanton and Aaron Judge between right field and DH will be the main event of spring training.
However, the undercard has an intriguing feel to it since the Yankees need to find Starlin Castro's replacement at second base after he was shipped to the Marlins in the Stanton deal.
Gleyber Torres, Ronald Torreyes and Tyler Wade will be in the mix and the most intriguing of them is Torres. And never count out the Yankees looking outside if the right deal surfaces.
“Our second-base situation is going to play out one way or the other,” general manager Brian Cashman said Monday at the Winter Meetings. “We'll see how the rest of our dialogue in the winter goes, and then we have players like a Gleyber Torres, like Torreyes, Tyler Wade, [Thairo] Estrada. We have a lot of good, young, hungry players that depending how it looks in spring and depending upon how our conversations as we move forward this winter play out — so clearly, stay tuned. I don't have, nor will Boonie have, a second baseman that we will name on Dec. 11.”
Obtained from the Cubs in July 2016 for Aroldis Chapman, Torres is the jewel of a solid minor league system. A natural shortstop, Torres' 2017 season was cut short by a left (non-throwing) elbow injury that required Tommy John surgery.
It's not out of the question Torres, who turns 21 on Wednesday, could impress enough in spring training to win the job, even though he played only five games at second last season at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and five at Double-A Trenton.
In 55 games for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and Trenton, Torres hit .287 with seven homers, 34 RBIs and an .863 OPS.
Free agent CC Sabathia is expected to visit the Winter Meetings on Tuesday, and the Yankees remain interested in bringing the veteran lefty back.
“Yeah, we have payroll space because we have more work to do,” Cashman said. “This situation fits because we still have room to accomplish all of our stated goals, but obviously it takes up some of that space clearly.”
Sabathia, meanwhile, has spoken to the Angels.
Boone said Monday that Phil Nevin will be the new Yankees third-base coach and Reggie Willets will be at first. Carlos Mendoza is in line for the infield job that will put him in the dugout. Mike Harkey is expected back as the bullpen coach, and Marcus Thames is the favorite to be the hitting coach.
Steinbrenner confirmed Monday what was a badly kept secret in the Yankees universe: Cashman remains the Yankees GM.
“Without getting into specifics, yes, Cashman is going to stay. I want him to stay, and he's going to stay,'' said Steinbrenner, who didn't offer the terms of what has been reported as a five-year deal for $25 million.
Cashman, a member of the Yankees organization since 1986 and the GM since 1998, wasn't thinking about leaving.
“I wasn't intending to go anywhere, never had an interest in going anywhere, so I had told Hal straight up, ‘Like, listen, let's just try to work through this and get it behind us because I have no intent of jumping ship,' ” Cashman said. “We're fortunate to have a great ownership. This is a place that I've grown up in, but I didn't want to go anywhere either and especially at this time and place regardless.”
Cashman said he hasn't signed the contract but has agreed to get it finalized.
“The numbers aren't necessarily accurate,” he said. “But I don't care about any of that stuff, either.”
Unless Jacoby Ellsbury is traded — and that will be difficult because he is guaranteed $68.3 million over the next three seasons and has a no-trade clause — Cashman expects him to challenge Aaron Hicks for the center-field job in spring training.
“His role is to help us any which way he can when and if it is needed, and that could be on an everyday basis or it could be in a role basis,” Cashman said. “I know it's an extensive circumstance with the contract, but that was my doing. Therefore, that's not something that factors into what's going forward in 2018 or 2019. I think you saw that we don't make decisions based on money that way. We make decisions on what somebody has a chance to step up and get more playing time. I think their performance dictates that.”
Levante, 17th-placed in La Liga, also drew with Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in September
Real Madrid conceded an 89th-minute equaliser against relegation-threatened Levante as the defending champions dropped more points in La Liga.
Isco looked to have sealed victory for the visitors when he slotted home after 81 minutes.
That put Real back into the lead after Emmanuel Boateng had earlier cancelled out Sergio Ramos' first-half opener.
However, Giampaolo Pazzini earned Levante a point by finishing when played in behind the Real defence.
The draw leaves Real Madrid fourth in La Liga, 18 points behind leaders Barcelona who play Espanyol on Sunday.
It is Zinedine Zidane's side sixth draw of the season - combined with four defeats - and they are just two points clear of fifth-placed Villarreal as pressure increases further on the Frenchman.
Real are without a clean sheet in six La Liga matches and their defence was arguably at fault for both goals with Pazzini unmarked for the equaliser and Jose Luis Morales left one-on-one for Levante's first-half goal.
Keylor Navas saved Morales' shot but the ball fell to Boateng who calmly swept home.
Zidane's side missed a number of second-half chances with Cristiano Ronaldo having a shot from close range blocked by Cheick Doukoure.
Karim Benzema also scuffed a shot wide from the edge of the box after dribbling past four defenders while Ramos forced Levante goalkeeper Oier into a smart save from the resulting corner.
Former Italy international Giampaolo Pazzini grabbed the equaliser on his debut after joining Levante on loan in the January transfer window from Verona
Returning the Waima river to its original course is a long-held wish of the people of Ngāti Hau in Whakapara. But that distant goal is now a lot closer to being achieved with the support of Fonterra and the Department of Conservations' Living Waters programme.
Jeannie Poutai recalls as a child how the river was a food cupboard for her people, "If we weren't picking Nannies fruits and the neighbours fruits and that we'd be down here hanging, we swam all the time in these rivers. Yeah, Uncles used to take us spearing, more spearing than netting for the tuna."
It's one of many rivers in the district that were either damned or diverted in the 1960's and 1970's to enable the faster draining of flood waters from the Hikurangi swamp for the benefit of the dairy industry.
Tepora Nehua-Kauwhata says, "Over the past eight years our children have spent all their holidays here. And they've continually asked why they can't swim here. So we've been down to look at the river and it's very shallow and very dirty and so the dream began there."
Te Raa Nehua says, "Visitors to our marae come here wanting specific food and they ask, "Where's the eel. You can see the river right here but there's no eel being served on the table? There are times we get really embarrassed because we should be able to host our guests with eel and freshwater crayfish and whitebait and all the foods of the river."
Funded by the Living Waters programme the replanting of the riverbank and options to restore the Waima river to its original course is forecast to take 5 years.
Jeannie Poutai says, "It's a big deal for Ngati Hau to get it back, it's an A-plus. We'll do anything to get it back to what we had."
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
The Trump administration's primary North Korea strategy would do little to curb the country's nuclear program and could trigger a famine, according to experts.
After spearheading several rounds of sanctions, the White House is now urging China to turn off oil supplies to Kim Jong-un's regime and the 25 million people he rules.
Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, President Donald Trump's national security adviser, summed up Washington's thinking Sunday: "You cannot shoot a missile without fuel."
Many analysts say such a move would have minimal impact on North Korea's nuclear and missile programs and would instead hit the country's agricultural sector, potentially leading to mass starvation.
Freight trains carrying crude oil bound for North Korea from Chinese border city of Dandong. Kyodo News via Getty Images file
"If it could be done, a full oil cutoff would certainly dramatically reduce the amount of domestically grown food available to the civilian population," according to David von Hippel, a senior associate at the Nautilus Institute for Security and Sustainability, a California-based think tank.
Von Hippel warned the results of an oil embargo — which he conceded would be almost impossible to enforce — could have a catastrophic impact on a humanitarian level.
"Unless China or the rest of the world exported or gifted food to the DPRK to compensate, this would likely lead to famine," he added, referring to the North by its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
North Korea's population would feel a lack of oil more acutely than most countries.
Much of the country's 46,000 square miles, an area around the size of Pennsylvania, is covered in mountains. According to the CIA World Factbook, only around 22 percent of North Korea is used for agriculture, compared with 44 percent of the United States.
What arable land there is, North Koreans farm intensively. They've also come to rely on tractors, irrigation pumps, refrigerators and transportation trucks to harvest and distribute food before it rots.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM NOV. 30: Kim Jong-un attends North Korea ballistic missile launch 1:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Von Hippel said that even without further sanctions, measures imposed in September as a result of Kim's missile and nuclear tests would likely impoverish North Korea's breadbasket.
"The civilian population will certainly feel the burden of the sanctions well before the nuclear weapons or missile programs or the DPRK elites do, if these noncivilians feel them at all," he said. "At some point, however, the agricultural sector will feel the pinch of sanctions."
Related: North Korea says war with U.S. is inevitable
Elizabeth Rosenberg, a senior fellow and the director of the energy, economics and security program at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank, said that famine is "among the possibilities" that lawmakers should consider when deciding whether to impose tighter trade restrictions.
"On the other hand, bringing many, many more people under grave threat from more and more intercontinental ballistic missiles tipped with nuclear warheads is a sobering thought," she said, acknowledging the balancing act that those involved in implementing sanctions often face.
A man carries a sack of containing Red Cross rations near a distribution center in Tongsin, North Korea, on May 31, 1997. LASSE NORGAARD - Red Cross / AP Photo, file
There is no need to imagine what widespread starvation in North Korea might look like. From 1994 to 1998, the country was ravaged by a famine that killed an estimated 1 million people.
Mirroring the current crisis, one of the contributing factors was a lack of oil-based products in the agricultural sector after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Since then, life for many North Koreans outside the capital of Pyongyang has remained an impoverished and isolated existence. Even without a full oil ban, some experts say these people have suffered the most from the sanctions already imposed this year.
In September, the United Nations Security Council capped North Korea's crude oil imports at current levels and capped refined petroleum imports to 2 million barrels per year.
The U.S. wanted a total ban on all oil-based products, but this was dropped to keep China and Russia on board.
The loopholes in the current sanctions regime mean that China can keep pumping an estimated 10,000 barrels of crude oil into North Korea annually through the so-called Friendship Pipeline under the Yalu River.
The crude is then sent to North Korea's sole working oil refinery, the Ponghwa Chemical Factory, where it can be turned into products for military use but also — crucially for the civilian population — transportation, agriculture and the fishing industry.
Crude oil tanks in a suburb of Dandong, China, which is located on the border with North Korea. Kyodo News via Getty Images file
Even if this crude stopped pumping, the North could produce other forms of hydrocarbons, such as melting coal to make up the shortfall, according to a September report by the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a London-based think tank.
Some also speculate Kim has been hoarding fuel reserves in anticipation of further sanctions.
If there was an energy drought, Kim would likely let his innocent civilian population bear the brunt rather than let it affect the weapons he believes are essential to stop the U.S. from trying to topple his dynasty, according to a paper Von Hippel co-wrote after the last round of sanctions in September.
"There is little evidence of any direct impact between oil constraints and the missile programs, at this moment," according to George A. Lopez, a professor emeritus at the University of Notre Dame.
"The poorest people that you don't see in Pyongyang, and everyone outside the city, would be short of heating oil this winter. And the reverberations in national agriculture come spring, summer could be devastating."
This prioritization would be business as usual for North Korea — one of the poorest countries in the world, but one that still manages to spend more than one-fifth of its GDP on its military, far higher than any other country.
North Korean soldiers and Pyongyang residents attend a rally on Dec. 1. KCNA via KNS / AFP Photo / Getty Images
As Russian President Vladimir Putin put it in September: "North Korea would rather eat grass than abandon its nuclear program."
Several experts told NBC News that a total embargo of oil-based products would be nearly impossible to achieve. Doing so would involve persuading China to acquiesce to Trump's demands while stopping all illicit smuggling into North Korea.
"It's very difficult to believe that a full oil embargo could be fully implemented," said Rosenberg, the Center for a New American Security analyst.
A total of 49 countries, including China, are failing to fully implement the sanctions that are already in place, according to a report by the Institute for Science and International Security published Tuesday.
Related: How North Korea recruits its army of young hackers
And that's without trying to police a total ban on all oil entering the isolated state.
"It's hard to think of how you could create a really watertight sanctions program," Rosenberg added.
So what can be done?
Both Rosenberg and Lopez agreed that the way forward is not in trying to limit the physical goods traveling in and out of North Korea but to restrict the financial transactions associated with them. These measures have increasingly cropped up in U.S. and U.N. resolutions, even if they don't appear to be the White House's main focus.
"Such financial sanctions are the wave of the present and future," Lopez said. "It's not just 'follow the money,' as they say, but cut off all the money, illicit and legitimate."
Image copyright Family Handout Image caption Colette McCulloch was killed by a lorry nearly two years ago
A coroner accused of being "dismissive" has offered to step down from an inquest into the death of an autistic woman killed by a lorry.
Colette McCulloch, 35, died on the A1 in July 2016 while under the care of a residential care home near Bedford.
Solicitors for her family said coroner Ian Pears initially only wanted to examine the road traffic accident.
Ms McCulloch's relatives also alleged he had been "confrontational" in letters to them and was biased.
Merry Varney, a partner in the human rights team at solicitors Leigh Day, said the family had threatened to take the case to a judicial review.
A spokeswoman for Central Bedfordshire Coroner's office said Mr Pears had offered to step down as the coroner for the case.
'Confrontational'
Ms Varney said the family's request for the NHS Trust responsible for Ms McCulloch's placement to be an interested person in the inquest was still "unanswered".
She added: "The family's case was that the coroner had acted in a manner which denied them a full and fearless inquest."
Ms McCulloch's father Andrew McCulloch, from Wyboston, Bedfordshire, said: "Colette's death was completely devastating for us.
"But then having to fight a coroner like this to get justice has nearly destroyed us."
He added: "From our initial hearing, we have found him to be dismissive. He did not answer letters often for weeks and his responses we felt were confrontational."
In a letter to the coroner on 4 May, the family said a fair-minded and informed observer would conclude there was a real possibility that he was biased against them.
If you've ever watched Mayor Bill de Blasio talk about the homeless problem but can't figure out what he believes is the cause, you are not alone. The mayor himself...
By now, Ari Millen was supposed to be a dead man. When the actor joined the cast of “Orphan Black” last year, as the cult follower Mark, “They [originally] told...
NEW YORK — Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
When Luis Estrada was released from prison Dec. 21, 2005, he had spent almost half of his life incarcerated. At 23 years old, Estrada participated in a jewelry heist worth $860,000, according to the Providence Journal, and then spent the next 22 years in prison. Estrada was imprisoned for 16 years in the federal system and six years at the Rhode Island Adult Correctional Institutions. For the first three and half years of his sentence, Estrada only spent nine months outside of solitary confinement.
“I spent two nine-month stays ‘down there,'” Estrada said, explaining that “down there” or “the hole” describe population segregation, otherwise known as “solitary confinement.”
“There's no sunlight, no one to talk to,” he said, “It was cold. There was quite a bit of weight loss for me. In nine months, I lost 30 pounds.”
Estrada explained that measuring those personal changes was difficult. It was only until he had to “put on court clothes” that he realized how much weight he had lost. “You're not noticing that you're getting pale … that you fatigue easily,” Estrada said.
“I came out more stubborn,” he said.
In “the hole” and out again
When Estrada was in the R.I. ACI, he said that there were inmates kept in solitary confinement for extended periods of time. In both Rhode Island and across the country, prisons have been grappling with this issue, questioning the value of solitary confinment.
It was an “institutional rumor” that John Carillo had his door welded shut during confinement, Estrada said. Carillo, who killed R.I. Correctional Officer Donald Price in 1973 during a prison riot, was dubbed “Rhode Island's most dangerous inmate” according to the Providence Journal, and was eventually released from solitary confinement in 1980 after he sued the R.I. ACI. Carillo had been spending 23 hours a day in his cell for more than eight years.
“What made that case different was that he killed (a correctional officer). It was horrible what was happening in that case,” said Robert Mann, the lawyer who represented Carillo. Mann still practices criminal defense in R.I. “My sense is that it is not as bad as it was 25 to 30 years ago,” Mann said. He still believes that the state overuses situations that put inmates in limited contact with other people, calling himself a “bleeding heart liberal.”
In the Carillo case, Mann said that the courts avoided deciding on the constitutional issue of solitary confinement and instead ruled that the R.I. ACI violated Morris Rules. Established in 1983, the Morris Rules were formed out of inmate litigation and negotiation in R.I. and outlined specific procedures for stays in population segregation, according to the case records.
While Mann believes that the R.I. ACI is now imposing shorter segregation periods, he said there is a “semantic argument about what constitutes solitary,” and that there should be a “push to get rid of solitary.”
Chief of Information and Public Relations Officer for the R.I. Department of Corrections J.R. Ventura says that there are always ways to improve the system and that there are “concerted efforts to make sure we are consistent in our treatment,” adding that, “the way we address discipline is always evolving.”
Estrada said that the period he spent in solitary confinement allowed him to reflect and to get sober. “Thirty-one years Feb. 28th, clean and sober,” he said.
Today, Estrada is the office manager of a law firm, has four college degrees and, in his own words, has turned his life around. As a sitting board member of OpenDoors, a group that aids reentry into the community for the formerly incarcerated, and several other community groups, Estrada says he sits on a board with a man who once denied him parole five times.
Rhode Island's prison confinement policies and practices
“There's been serious issues in Rhode Island with the use of solitary confinement,” University of Pittsburgh Law Professor Jules Lobel told The Herald. Lobel has challenged the legality of solitary confinement for decades.
“I think the Rhode Island Director of Corrections is trying to perform, trying to change them. Rhode Island has overused solitary in the past and has kept people in poor conditions,” Lobel said. The system “could use more due process.”
Ventura explained that in the current system, inmates can be segregated out of the population for 30 days to one year.
To prisoners, a 30-day segregation period is called a “rest” — a vacation from the constant pressure that looms over inmates, Estrada said. “That's only a sleepover.”
When legislation or policies have been suggested to decrease any segregation period to only 30 days, Estrada says he's questioned if that's the right number. “Department of Corrections' job is extremely difficult,” Estrada said. “(They) only have two really effective tools: to deter or encourage.” Inmates can either be offered “good time” for good behavior, education or work, which shortens their sentence, or they can receive punitive measures.
“The biggest problem is inmate-on-inmate violence,” Estrada said, adding that for some inmates, particularly those serving a life sentence, the only way to prevent this violence is through segregation.
Ventura agrees that safety is of the highest priority inside. He says that “closed confinement” and “administrative confinement” are not just punitive measures, but measures to keep the population and staff safe. According to Ventura, R.I. uses a “step down” system, which means that inmates go in front of a board every 30 to 60 days to review why they are in segregation and whether their behavior has changed, so they can return to the rest of the population.
“I don't know enough about the Rhode Island program, but I think a step down program, which is relatively short, which really gives people incentives to move out of solitary, is a good thing,” Lobel told The Herald. “Some step down programs are good and some are just continuing to warehouse people.”
Rhode Island's disciplinary confinement can not be deemed “solitary,” according to Ventura. “The notion of solitary confinement presents a picture of no human contact,” Ventura said. “Even the most egregious of offenders … a person that will throw feces … or attack an officer, even those people have contact with officers and counselors,” he said.
Solitary Confinement in the United States
Outside of R.I., Lobel has battled against the use of solitary confinement, including the Pelican Bay State Prison class action lawsuit. Lobel sought to change the California prison's solitary confinement practices in their “Security Housing Unit,” Lobel explained at a talk hosted by the Center for Prisoner Health and Human Rights and Brown's chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union March 8.
Cells in Pelican Bay's SHU were 80 square feet, “twice as big as the average American walk in closet.” Inmates in the SHU were allowed one half-hour exercise period each day, with no equipment. There were no programming or religious ceremonies for prisoners. Family visits were done through glass barriers. The prison's location on the California-Oregon border was isolating and prevented many families from visiting altogether, Lobel said.
Many of those in the SHU were linked to or associated with prison gangs. “California considered gangs to be as evil as … terrorists,” Lobel said. To leave the SHU, Lobel said inmates had to get parole, die or become informants. Often, informants were kept in similarly isolated situations; Lobel described the situation as a “Catch 22.”
“When I think about how long I could last in (solitary confinement), I would give myself a couple of weeks, maybe a month — not ten years, as hundreds of people were subjected to,” Lobel said.
Making the argument that “people have a basic need for human interaction,” Lobel and his colleagues asserted that the deprivation of basic rights in the SHU constituted cruel and unusual punishment. Two hunger strikes and years of litigation led to a settlement that “removed virtually everyone” from that kind of solitary confinement, Lobel said. He credits the sweeping victory to several previous lawsuits.
Both before the Pelican Bay Case and ever since, Lobel says his own struggle against violations of civil liberties and human rights has often involved losses. “One of my claims to fame is that I've sued every President (since Reagan) up until the current one — who I'm itching to sue,” Lobel said, adding that even among those cases, a win does not always culminate in action.
“As I speak here today, there are 100,000 individuals in solitary confinement,” in the United States, Lobel said. He is currently working in Pennsylvania to change rules and regulation there. Ohio and New York have already passed solitary confinement laws, but it is still a major issue in the United States, Lobel added.
Sosoliso plane crash survivor, Kechi Okwuchi, makes it to the second round of America's Got Talent
E60buzz (press release) (blog)
One of two survivors from the infamous Sosoliso crash, Kechi drew a standing ovation from the audience and judges after her voice had everyone gasping at the America got talent show audition. The Nigerian singer who amazed the judges and audience at …
and more »
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
2:01 Immigrant gets temporary reprieve from deportation
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina's controversial law
Image copyright Getty Images
Pupils in the Borders are being asked to fill in for trained library staff.
Several librarians lost their jobs last year, with less senior staff taking over from them, local democracy reporter Joseph Anderson writes.
Now staff at Peebles High School, Kelso High School and Galashiels Academy have been told to expect to see pupils and volunteers working alongside them.
Scottish Borders Council could also introduce the money-saving measure at its other six secondary schools.
A spokesperson said: "A pilot scheme is being implemented in three school libraries with a different model of operation.
"There will be no redundancies as a result of this, and the pilot will be reviewed before the end of 2018."
The council said that as part of its budget process it had been agreed to maintain schools libraries.
"However, within that, there is a requirement to recognise the changing way in which pupils study and access information, including digital solutions," the spokesperson added.
"There are also opportunities for senior pupils to gain qualifications and training in leadership and other areas through taking on roles in school libraries and supporting their peers.
"This is operating successfully elsewhere and is also being explored as part of the pilot scheme."
Please watch this pass as many times as you can. It makes no sense, as it is a testament to the ridiculous court vision, timing, and passing ability that LeBron James possesses. While plenty of players can do all of the individual things that make this pass so crazy – the pinpoint two-handed bounce pass, the no-look dime, throwing a pass between someone's legs – no one can put them all together like LeBron did here.
The Cavaliers are playing against the Timberwolves on Tuesday night. At one point LeBron thought it would be fun to completely embarrass Andrew Wiggins by throwing this pass. It was a dime that went right between the legs of the Wolves' young star on the wing that landed right into the hands of Derrick Williams, who was able to throw down without any issues.
Heavy rains, landslides kill 18 in Rwanda: government – Yahoo News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
She died in her twenties some 1,700 years ago and is believed to have ruled over a desert valley in ancient Peru where her elaborately tattooed body was buried with weapons and gold objects.
But a glimpse of the former priestess, the Lady of Cao, can now be seen in a replica of her face unveiled by culture officials and archaeologists on Monday.
Using 3D imaging technology and forensics archaeology, the replica was based on the Lady of Cao's skull structure and ethnographic research and took 10 months to create, Peru's culture ministry said.
The goal, said Culture Minister Salvador del Solar, was to bring the world closer to one of Peru's best archaeological finds and remind Peruvians of their rich cultural heritage.
“Its relevance is really incalculable,” del Solar said of the oval-shaped face with high cheekbones on display under a golden crown. “We can now show the world her face, a face that Peruvians see ourselves in.”
The discovery of the Lady of Cao's mummified remains in 2005 shattered the belief that the ancient Moche society, which occupied the Chicama Valley from about 100 to 700 AD, was patriarchal. Several Moche female mummies have been found since in graves with objects denoting a high political and religious standing.
Archaeologists believe the Lady of Cao died due to complications of childbirth but otherwise lived a healthy life.
Her arms and legs were covered with tattoos of snakes, spiders and other supernatural motifs. Discovered near her funerary bundle was a strangled adolescent, who might have been a sacrifice to guide her into the afterlife, according to the museum at the El Brujo archaeological site where she was found.
The Lady of Cao is a reminder of the complex societies that thrived in what is now Peru long before the Inca empire dominated the Andes or Europeans arrived in the Americas.
The Moche built irrigation canals to grow crops in the desert and were known for their ceramics and goldwork that have been looted from their gravesites.
The replica of the Lady of Cao, a collaboration that included archaeologists, the Wiese Foundation and global imaging company FARO Technologies Inc, will be displayed in Peru's culture ministry in the capital Lima through July 16. It will later be shown at the museum at El Brujo.
By SIMMI BUTTARAP Sports Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop.
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in his career, including the most receptions in NFL history (526) in any player's first six years in the league.
And through four games this season, he has 388 yards receiving, which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league.
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as he beat out everyone for the No. 1 position among the AP's top 10 wide receivers. The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers.
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points.
"Not only is he the best receiver in the game, Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL," said the AP's Barry Wilner, who is based in New York.
Atlanta's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points. Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place. He led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards. He had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England.
"One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer, too, as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season," said the AP's Dave Campbell, who's based in Minneapolis.
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points.
"The guy is one of the most talented players in the game - and one of its most polarizing," said the AP's Dennis Waszak Jr., based in New York. "His acrobatic, one-handed catches have made him an exciting superstar, but his other on-field antics have also kept him in the headlines for the wrong reasons."
Houston's DeAndre Hopkins was next with 57 points, edging Tampa Bay's Mike Evans, who had 55 points.
"Does he (Hopkins) finally have a dynamic partner in Deshaun Watson?" asked the AP's Schuyler Dixon, based in Dallas. "If so, watch out for soaring numbers."
Cincinnati's A.J. Green finished sixth with 52.
"Consistently one of the best," the AP's Rob Maaddi, who's based in Philadelphia, said of the Bengals Pro Bowler.
Veterans Larry Fitzgerald of Arizona and Green Bay's Jordy Nelson tied with 36 points.
"Any list would be invalid without Fitz, who's averaged 108 catches the last two seasons after everyone thought he was headed for retirement," said the AP's Arnie Stapleton, who's based in Denver.
Dallas' Dez Bryant followed with 29 points.
"The usual big numbers aren't there this year, but Bryant remains one of the most feared receivers and should boost production as the season goes on," said the AP's Josh Dubow, who's based in the Bay Area.
Minnesota's Stefon Diggs rounded out the top 10 with 18 points.
"He's leading the league in yards and yards per game," said the AP's Teresa Walker, who's based in Nashville, Tennessee. "Imagine how much worse off the Vikings would be without him."
___
EDITOR'S NOTE - The Associated Press is ranking the top 10 players at a different position every week of the NFL season, based on votes by Pro Football Hall of Famer James Lofton and AP football writers Simmi Buttar, Dave Campbell, Schuyler Dixon, Josh Dubow, Howard Fendrich, Rob Maaddi, Arnie Stapleton, Teresa M. Walker, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Barry Wilner. This feature will move on Fridays.
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AUSTINTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Austintown police are looking for a woman, reported missing at 2 p.m. Tuesday.
Carolyn Bardash, 75, drives a gray 2016 Subaru, Ohio registration (GJU-9762). Police said the model of the car is unknown, but it's possibly an SUV.
If you see her or have information, you're asked to contact police at 330-799-9721.
Should the Confederate Monument stay in downtown Macon?
Police spokeswoman gives details on suspected home invasion homicide
1:14
Chatham-Kent residents will be able to buy beer and cider at the local Walmart as early as April, the province announced Friday.
The Walmart Chatham Supercentre on St. Clair Street will become the first grocery store in Chatham-Kent with the ability to sell these products.
The Ontario government began selecting grocery stores to sell beer, cider and, to a lesser extent, wine in 2015, but Chatham-Kent had been left out of previous announcements.
The closest areas with this service were previously Windsor, Kingsville, Leamington, London and Sarnia.
Another 86 grocery stores were part of the Friday announcement, bringing the total number of Ontario stores which can sell beer or cider to 370 – up to 70 of which can also sell wine, according to the province's news release.
By law, grocers which sell these alcoholic products must have designated sales areas and only sell it between 9 a.m. and 11 p.m. from Monday to Saturday and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays.
They can only sell beer in up to six-packs with a maximum of 750 millilitres per container. All staff working in the designated areas must be fully-trained and will be responsible for ensuring customers are 19 or older.
Management at the Chatham Walmart referred Postmedia Network to the corporation's Canadian head office, which did not respond to a request before publication time.
Source: Mil.ru
As a result of the talks between Russian President Putin and King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdel-Aziz Al Saud in the Kremlin on October 5, the parties signed a package of agreements worth "billions of dollars." The Russian president and the Saudi King discussed the situation in the Middle East and joint actions in this region. The talks in the Kremlin testify to the improvement of relations between the two countries that used to have strained diplomatic relationship. However, the USA still remains Saudi Arabia's prime ally, experts acknowledge.
The website of the President of the Russian Federation says that following the talks between the leaders of Russia and Saudi Arabia, 14 documents were signed. One of the most interesting ones is called the "Agreement on the establishment of an investment fund in the sphere of high technology in the amount of one billion dollars." The head of the Russian Direct Investment Fund, Kirill Dmitriev, said that general agreements between the parties "amount to billions of dollars."
Saudi Arabia expressed a wish to purchase S-400 Triumf air defence systems from Russia, Al Arabiya TV channel reported on October 5.
The Russian side will transfer the technology for the production and maintenance of these systems to Saudi Arabia, but the timing of the transaction has not been specified.
Russian Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Oleg Ozerov, confirmed to RIA Novosti that the kingdom was interested in purchasing S-400 systems from Russia.
The S-400 Triumf (NATO reporting name SA-21 Growler) is a long-range anti-aircraft missile system. The system was passed into service in 2007; it was designed for the destruction of aircraft, cruise and ballistic missiles, including medium-range ones and can be used against ground targets. The system so far has no analogues in the world.
Pravda.Ru
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — A Maryland police detective who was addicted to opioids and solicited prostitutes while on duty has been sentenced to five years of probation after pleading guilty to two misconduct charges.
The Capital Gazette reports that Brian Houseman also agreed to resign from Anne Arundel County's force after more than a decade as a detective.
Houseman choked through tears at his sentencing as he apologized for the “embarrassment” he caused the police department. Defence attorney John Robinson III says his client has now “lost the career he loved.”
The newspaper reports that prosecutors dropped two other misconduct allegations as part of a plea agreement.
——
Information from: The Capital, http://www.capitalgazette.com/
Tens of thousands of North Koreans were pictured on the streets on the same day tensions between the pariah state and the United States escalated following President Donald Trump's threats of "fire and fury."
Pyongyang city mass rally held at Kim Il Sung Square to fully support the statement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) government in this photo released on August 10, 2017 by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang. KCNA / Reuters
The North Koreans gathered for a massive rally at Kim Il-sung Square in Pyongyang on Wednesday, with photos showing citizens holding propaganda placards and waving their fists in the air.
North Korea officially dismissed President Trump's threats Wednesday, declaring the American leader "bereft of reason" and warning ominously that "only absolute force can work on him."
The images were released by North Korean state media KCNA. NBC News was unable to independently verify the date they were shot.
Video
How a Chinese company turned a mining disaster into the world's biggest floating solar farm and transformed the lives of coal miners in the area.
Part of our series Taking the Temperature which focuses on the battle against climate change, and the people and ideas making a difference.
Video producer: Justin Mills. Location producer: Liang Yan.
YouTube
WWE and Boom! Studios have been making comics together for more than a year, but up till now those comics have all began as single issues, combining ongoing lead stories with short backup strips to fill in decidedly kayfabe backstage details around important matches and moments. The partnership is breaking new ground in 2018 with an upcoming graphic novel, WWE: Undertaker, which tells the fictionalized life story of the veteran WWE Superstar.
It's good timing for the Undertaker, who just returned from a presumptive retirement, and is following up his victory over John Cena at WrestleMania with a Casket Match against Rusev (not, as we briefly thought, Chris Jericho) at the Greatest Royal Rumble. Undertaker is also a great choice for a graphic novel because his unique supernatural character has developed over his 27-year career into something that's practically mythological.
Wonder why New York property taxes are sky-high, particularly in the Long Island and Lower Hudson Valley suburbs around the city? The Empire Center's latest analysis flags one key reason: the astounding pay doled out to government workers in those areas — especially uniformed services, like police and firefighters.
For the second year in a row, the center found, 47 of the top 50 highest-paid local-government workers outside New York City were police officers — with five of the top seven on the Town of Ramapo payroll.
The No. 1 earner, Ramapo Police Officer Thomas Donnelly, pulled in $441,968 in the year ending last March. Four other Rockland County cops joined him in the top 10.
The 20 officers in the Nassau County Village of Kings Point (pop. 5,005 in the last Census) had the highest average pay of any group of government workers at $220,088.
We don't begrudge first responders being paid what they're worth, but these cops and firefighters, some in tiny hamlets, earn far more than their New York City counterparts.
“Personnel costs are the biggest part of most local government budgets, and thereby the biggest driver behind our high property taxes,” notes the Empire Center's Tim Hoefer. Westchester and Rockland have the highest property-tax rates of all US counties.
Unless New York gets a handle on inflated salaries at all levels of government, property taxes will only keep climbing higher.
1:33 Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas' 52-point night Pause
2:04 Miami Heat's Waiters says "it looks real promising" he'll return for West Coast trip
2:23 Miami Heat guard Josh Richardson talks personal and team improvement
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
Mutt: As a longtime, low handicapper can you explain the rationale behind the handicap rules for a category-1 golfer? If you break the standard scratch score by a shot you lose .1 and if you are one shot above the CSS you gain .1. Meanwhile other categories gain .1 but are accordingly reduced .2, .3 or .4 per shot. I think it is ridiculous. Am I right or wrong?
Jeff: You're not wrong, Mutt. It's a terrible system that has served the game very badly for almost forty years. Apart from letting the golf ball get out of control the current handicap system adopted in 1982, with minor tweaks here and there, was the worst thing that happened to golf in my lifetime.
It's very frustrating to shoot below par and get a .1 back and it happens all of the time. You can play really great and get no reward because your score is measured against a field of higher handicaps and not the golf course, as it should be. Why did you ask?
Mutt: I heard that Jack Hume shot a 64 around Naas and got a .1 back. How could that be? When did you ever hear of such an injustice? You'd think Naas is a chicken run but it is far from it. On the other hand, if somebody in the higher categories shoots that same score, they are not cut enough.
It's not fair to be cut so little for returning a score that much lower than par. Scores over 40-points should be rare events. Anyone who shoots in excess of 40-pts is too loosely handicapped and deserves to be cut more severely so they cannot do it again in a hurry.
Otherwise, genuine golfers become discouraged and decide: "Why bother? I'll keep my entry fee and leave the weekly competition to the cheats."
I chose that word because that is exactly how golfers returning 44-pts and better are perceived by the rest of us - especially if they are known to have done it more than once.
Jeff: There's huge conflict in club golf these days because of the different attitudes of golfers towards their handicaps; some are determined to become as low as possible and then guard it jealously; others want it as high as possible in order to gain a clear edge in competition. With four, five or even six stokes to spare they can win almost anytime they choose.
Mutt: That's not golf! I can remember a time when one's handicap was a badge of honour. Everyone wanted to be as low as they could go and being given a shot back was an insult. There was no resistance to playing in competitions because the only way you could go was down - until the annual review, that is.
A category-1 can shoot under par gross and still get a .1 back if the CSS is 39-pts. If you match or break par surely you should be in the so-called buffer zone at worst? Hume's case is rare but not unique, the senior international from Tramore, John Mitchell (scr), returned 45-pts in his President's Prize this year and received scant 'reward' handicap-wise for a fantastic, once in a lifetime score.
On the other hand, similar scores by Category 3 and 4's are ten a penny. I know of somebody who shot 45-points two years in a row in the same competition off the same handicap - how can that be?
Jeff: One of the problems with golf today is the increasing disparity in abilities. Believe it or not the biggest discrepancy between top and bottom in the handicap categories is in Category-1. The difference between a +6 and a - 5.4 is far greater than that between a -19 and a -28.
The imbalance is exaggerated by the fact that there are so many fewer players in Category-1 compared with the other categories too. It's wrong that a plus golfer's scores, are measured against what a 'loosely-handicapped' 20-something returns when he is off the leash and going 'wild.'
Mutt: Now, you've got it! There should be a new Category to cover 0.0 to + players with their own separate CSS. The spread between top and bottom in category 1 is simply far too wide. Narrowing the criteria for Category-1 and widening Category-2 would improve matters.
Jeff: 99% of plus golfers want to be low, and stay low. What's wrong with that? I suggest Category-1s be cut .2 instead of .1 and the buffer zone be increased to two over CSS. The current ratio of .1 to .1 is too severe.
Mutt: There's a new worldwide handicap system on the way. Based on the USGA and Australian models, we will be handicapped on the average of our best ten (rolling) scores out of our last twenty. One good aspect to it is NRs will be ruled out, as far as I know. If you want a 'raise' you'd better finish your round because if you are a low man and want to stay low - you should not be allowed a plethora of NRs either.
Jeff: When is this new system due?
Mutt: 2018 is the target but knowing the speed at which the R&A, USGA and AGU work it will probably be 2020.
Jeff: I don't think I can wait that long. I'll be retired, finished and disillusioned beyond repair by then.
Mutt: The rules of golf are complicated but as far as handicapping is concerned it's all cut and dried. Surprisingly, it's where most of the cheating takes place.
Golfers who wouldn't dream of improving a lie in the rough will cheat on their handicaps without the slightest pang of conscience. Too many golfers manage their handicaps and don't think it is cheating, which of course it is. It's almost impossible to win a competition without playing 'miles' better than one's handicap.
Jeff: That a golfer can, if he wants to, maliciously control his own handicap is at the core of the problem. Prior to 1982, influencing one's own handicap was impossible. Back then, getting cut was easy. Getting shots back was hard. These days, it's the opposite.
The Naas Rotary Club Summer Ball was held at The Kilashee Hotel in Naas in aid of Barrettstown. Photographer, Jimmy Fullam was there on the night to capture all the glitz and glamour.
Why it matters to you Well, wouldn't it be pretty amazing to be alerted if you had forgotten something important before you left it behind?
We have all been there: You are looking for something important only to discover that you left it someplace else. People misplacing or forgetting items during the rush of a busy day is an unideal but incredibly common issue in today's world. But what if your backpack was able to vibrate and notify you that you have forgotten something?
That is exactly what the new T-Tack Backpack from Totto does, thanks to technology that keeps track of the items you place in your bag and vibrates your phone that you have forgotten something. For individuals who have memory issues or are easily distracted, this sort of technology could be useful in limiting issues with forgotten or stolen items.
But the T-Track backpack does not stop there, Totto has packed this bag with more than 20 features designed to fit the needs of the modern business person, student — really anyone who needs to carry around their stuff with them. Among the bags other features are lockable zippers, a protective hard shell, a power bank pocket for on the go charging, water repellant design, and a security lock to attach the bag to a chair or pole to prevent it easily being walked off with.
The Achilles' heel of this sort of backpack is the fact that it all depends on the user of the bag not being lazy about tagging and setting up the items that they place in their backpack. That said, there are certainly people out there who could benefit from a bag with this feature set.
Totto designed this bag in collaboration with Stanford Universtiy, among other universities, and the company has brought its prototype to Indiegogo seeking $25,000 in funding to help make the project a reality. The Indiegogo campaign launched on Wednesday and will run for 30 days. A $99 early-bird pledge will net you a backpack. The price jumps to $160 after the early-bird pricing runs out. If funding is achieved, Totto expects to start shipping the T-Track backpacks in November.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The Arkansas Supreme Court has halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in Arkansas' plan to conduct eight executions before the end of April.
Justices granted the stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments in that case April 24.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
The inmates' attorneys say they were denied access to independent mental health experts. They've argued that Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Arkansas' supply of one key execution drug expires April 30. A federal judge has also stayed the executions on different grounds, and the state has appealed that ruling.
FAIRBORN — Miami Valley Career Technology Center (MVCTC) senior, Steve MacIntosh, participated in the TedxYouth@Dayton event on March 9, 2018, at the Wright State University Student Union. His topic was “Computer programming as a Foreign Language Credit.”
Steve performed research and worked with a mentor to support his talk with facts, and presented strong evidence that learning computer programming is just like learning a foreign language for high school credit. He chose to speak at the TedX Youth Event due to his firm belief that everyone should learn to program, and enjoy Computer Science as a viable career opportunity.
Steve says, “I am so happy to have been given the opportunity to be a part of this incredible event. It was an amazing experience, and I am extremely thankful to everyone involved in making sure this event could happen and that we all had a platform to share our ideas.”
In the state of Ohio, Computer Programming can be accepted as Science or Math credit at the local school districts' discretion. Opening it up as a foreign language credit as well may expose more students to Computer Science as a viable career path.
Steve plans to apply to the TedX@Dayton event for adults, to be held in October 2018. TEDxYouth@Dayton celebrates young people by hosting events designed to empower and inspire the community.
To view Steve's presentation and others from TEDXYouth@Dayton, visit www.tedxdayton.com/tedxyouth-dayton.
MVCTC Senior, Steve MacIntosh (Game Programming and Web Applications student from Huber Heights), presented at the TedXYouth@Dayton event on his topic “Computer Programming as a Foreign Language Credit.” http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_SteveTEDX-1.jpg MVCTC Senior, Steve MacIntosh (Game Programming and Web Applications student from Huber Heights), presented at the TedXYouth@Dayton event on his topic “Computer Programming as a Foreign Language Credit.” Contributed photo MVCTC Senior, Steve MacIntosh (Game Programming and Web Applications student from Huber Heights), presented at the TedXYouth@Dayton event on his topic “Computer Programming as a Foreign Language Credit.” http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_SteveTEDX2-1.jpg MVCTC Senior, Steve MacIntosh (Game Programming and Web Applications student from Huber Heights), presented at the TedXYouth@Dayton event on his topic “Computer Programming as a Foreign Language Credit.” Contributed photo
Children with special educational needs had 10 times the rate of temporary exclusions from Welsh schools compared with those without, last year.
New Welsh Government data also showed four times the rate of short-term exclusions among pupils entitled to free school meals.
Academic Gareth Evans said pupils need to be in school "as often as possible".
The Welsh Government said £90m extra funding would help disadvantaged pupils.
The figures show there were 112 fixed-term exclusions of fewer than five days per 1,000 pupils with special educational needs (SEN) statements in 2015-16, compared with 11 per 1,000 pupils with no SEN.
"No child should be deprived of a good education because of their background or where they come from," said Mr Evans, of the Institute of Education at University of Wales Trinity Saint David.
"It is our responsibility as educators to make sure all pupils achieve to the best of their ability - and to do so, they must be in school as often as possible."
He said poor behaviour was often the result of "unmet need or negative experience at home" and the figures were an "important reminder" of the different challenges schools face.
"It is important, in the first instance, that special educational needs are properly identified and then pupils are given the requisite support they need to help them achieve at school," he added.
Special educational needs (SEN)
Children requiring assistance in Welsh schools fall into three categories - statemented, School Action and School Action Plus.
The statemented category is for children with known SEN. School Action and School Action Plus are those children requiring assistance in lessons, with the latter being more profound cases which usually require external help.
Children with SEN statements also had six times the rate of permanent exclusions (0.6 per 1,000 pupils) of those pupils with no SEN (0.1 per 1,000 pupils), although both rates were low.
Of Wales' 22 council areas, Pembrokeshire saw the most-notable increase in the number of children being temporarily excluded from school in recent years.
It went from 113 fixed exclusions of fewer than five days in 2011-12, increasing each year to 1,043 in 2015-16.
Pembrokeshire council said it was focusing "on giving children the skills to succeed and remain in the classroom" and had organised two pupils behaviour conferences for teachers.
It said it now had a "very different approach to behaviour management" which would have affected figures in recent years.
Highest fixed-term exclusion rates in Wales per 1,000 pupils:
Denbighshire - 69.3
Pembrokeshire - 58.7
Torfaen - 48.7
Newport - 41.0
Monmouthshire - 40.5
Ceredigion was the only county where no child was permanently excluded or given a fixed-term exclusion of more than five days in the last five years.
The council attributed this to its behaviour support service, which it said had helped with "early identification, support and graduated intervention" for children at risk.
Image copyright PA
Owen Hathway, Wales policy officer at the National Education Union, said: "No-one ever wishes to see a child excluded from school. If an exclusion is deemed necessary it is undoubtedly a final resort."
A Welsh Government spokesman said the permanent exclusion of learners with statements of SEN was only in the "most exceptional circumstances" and the permanent exclusion of any child was as a "last resort".
He added: "We are investing more than £90m a year in extra support to help our most disadvantaged pupils through our pupil development grant which is making a real difference in breaking the link between poverty and attainment.
"Our recently-launched national education action plan puts the wellbeing of a child at the heart of our inclusive education system as we believe every child should have the opportunity to succeed."
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Image copyright Geograph/Richard Webb Image caption A member of the public raised the alarm after spotting the man in the water at East Sands, St Andrews
Police have established the identity of a man who died after being found unconscious on a Fife beach.
The breakthrough came a day after an appeal was launched to trace his loved ones.
The 76-year-old, who has not been named, was spotted in the water at East Sands, St Andrews at about 20:25 on Monday.
He was recovered by the coastguard and airlifted to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee, where he was pronounced dead.
A force spokeswoman said: "The death is being treated as unexplained, but not suspicious."
A Connecticut man is going to prison for providing the heroin that killed his 25-year-old son.
Mark Lynch, 58, is expected to spend three years behind bars under a plea deal agreed to Friday in the overdose death of his son, Christopher Lynch, according to the Stamford Advocate.
The former New Canaan resident initially pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in December but reportedly changed his mind because of the lengthier prison sentence that he could have been facing.
Lynch wound up copping to criminally-negligent-homicide and sales-of-narcotics charges in court in connection with his son's death in September 2016.
“This has been a long road, and this isn't the way I exactly thought it was going to end,” said Pam Bacco, the mother of Christopher.
“But hopefully now I can find some peace,” she told the Advocate.
While Lynch accepted the terms of the plea deal, the judge refused to immediately accept it, saying he would instead wait until the father is officially sentenced on Dec. 15. According to prosecutors, this was because of Bacco's initial refusal to support the sentence. But the mom later told reporters that she is now OK with the punishment.
“This is a tragic situation,” said State Attorney Richard Colangelo. “There is no amount of time that Mark Lynch can serve that will bring back [Bacco's] son. This is a tragic situation that is occurring all too often in our society now.”
Christopher Lynch was reportedly one of more than 900 people who died of overdoses last year in the state of Connecticut. He had been at his father's residence when he was given the heroin that took his life.
“Mark mourns the loss of his son every day and will always have to live with his part in his son's death,” Lynch's lawyer, Matthew Maddox, told the Advocate.
“He hopes that the conclusion of this case will help the many people who loved Chris to heal as best they can.”
Banana Republic closing NYC operation, moving jobs to West Coast Gap Inc. is shutting down its Banana Republic New York City headquarters. Some 112 corporate staffers who work on store and product design, human resources, communications and operations were told...
NYPD cop busted for stealing from Banana Republic quits The NYPD sergeant busted for allegedly shoplifting at a Banana Republic store near Police Headquarters in lower Manhattan has quit the department, according to police sources. “It's a sad way...
NYPD cop who makes $173K caught shoplifting A $173,000-a-year cop who serves as a driver for a high-ranking NYPD official was caught shoplifting at a Banana Republic store near Police Headquarters — but wasn't arrested, The Post...
Looming Target shakes up Queens shopping street A scant two blocks along 82nd Street in Jackson Heights, Queens, has become the poster child for a strong neighborhood shopping district that's filled with both local businesses and credit-worthy...
Surprise strength at Old Navy boosts Gap shares Gap Inc. reported a surprise rise in quarterly same-store sales, bucking the trend of dismal results in the US retail industry, as the company benefited from the robust performance at...
Banana Republic flipping some stores to outlets amid slump Cheap sells. Amid sinking sales, Banana Republic is quietly converting some of its full-price stores to factory stores — right in the middle of urban shopping districts, The Post has...
Retailers suffer week from hell Retail's hell week ended with a collective thud on Friday. At least half a dozen of the county's largest retailers, including Macy's, Nordstrom and JCPenney, saw their shares pummeled by...
Cleveland Cavaliers' Kevin Love signs deal with Banana Republic is hoping to score some points with its first brand ambassador, Kevin Love of the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers. The struggling brand — which reported on Thursday an 11...
Banana Republic is bringing down Gap Inc. Banana Republic is slip-sliding away. The upscale clothing chain was the worst performer in Gap Inc.'s stable in the third quarter, posting a same-store sales decline of 12 percent on...
SEATTLE — Richaud Gittens made a pair of free throws with 16 seconds left to give Seattle a 55-54 victory over Utah Valley on Saturday night.
Brandon Randolph scored eight straight points for the Wolverines to give them a 54-51 lead with 1:14 to play. Jordan Hill's jumper pulled Seattle to 54-53 with a minute left.
Randolph missed a 3-point shot and Morgan Means missed a 3 for the Redhawks, but Gittens was fouled pulling in the offensive board and then made ensuing free throws. Following a Utah Valley timeout, Kenneth Ogbe missed a 3-pointer to end it.
Aaron Menzies had 15 points, 12 rebounds and six blocks to lead Seattle (16-8, 5-2 Western Athletic Conference). Means added 14 points, Hill had 10 and Gittens finished with nine.
Randolph had 15 points for Utah Valley (16-7, 5-2). Jake Toolson added 14 points and Conner Toolson chipped in 10 with a career-high five steals.
Saudi Arabia knows how to make themselves at home.
King Salman bin Abdulaziz brought his own golden escalator on a trip to Russia, according to Bloomberg.
Unfortunately the escalator — which King Salman normally travels with — malfunctioned and the 81-year-old was forced to exit his plane by walking down the stationary steps.
The leader also traveled with an entourage of 1,500 people, 1,764 pounds of food (and counting) and his own furniture and carpets. His visit marks the first time a Saudi monarch has ever traveled to Russia.
The Saudi government completely booked the Ritz Carlton and the Four Seasons for the historic visit – which forced the Four Seasons to ask some guests to cancel their rooms. The hotel also had to temporarily move out residents who live there permanently.
Some members of King Salman's entourage replaced hotel staff for the four-day visit and a plane is making daily trips between Riyadh and Moscow for food and other supplies. King Salman will be there until Oct. 8.
Vadim Prasov, vice president of the Federation of Restaurateurs and Hoteliers of Russia, told Bloomberg that booking out both hotels probably cost the country about $3 million — which obviously doesn't include meals, services or transportation.
President Donald Trump stayed at the Moscow Ritz Carlton for the Miss Universe contest in 2013 and President Barak Obama stayed there during a visit in 2009.
Over the summer, King Salman made headlines when he reportedly took a $100 million vacation to Morocco.
Benjy Brooke Plugs us into “Power Hungry” Posted by Stephen Price on Monday, January 2, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Join director, animator, and illustrator Benjy Brooke as he walks us thru his latest labor of love, a vibrant and kinetic animated mini-masterwork called “Power Hungry,” a twisty, future-adventure about a road-tripper whose self-driving electric car runs out of batteries.
Benjy Brooke: “Back in January of 2016 I was approached by producer Jeremy Sengly at Super Deluxe to create a short based on some sci-fi web comics I'd been posting to Tumblr. The prompt was really loose (the web comics were really of stream of conscious stuff, with no real plot), and Jeremy was open to all kinds of wacky ideas.
“That was an amazing creative opportunity, but definitely induced some anxiety on my part. Initially I knew I wanted to do something about travel and electric self driving cars set in a post-climate-change world. I knew batteries would play a big part.
“For inspiration I was looking at a lot of dreamy, psychedelic sci-fi art like Laloux and Moebius' “Time Masters”, Yuichi Yokoyama's “New Engineering”, Syd Mead concept car art, etc.
“I had one big false start (it was originally going to be a “boy and his dog story” about a traveler and his sentient self-driving car), but after a month of sketching, concept art and writing, a different story started to form.
“Concept art is a big part of my process — I might vibe on a single weird character moment and build out from there, connecting to other little moments, until the story starts to vibe and I can lock down the story boards.
“Once I had the rough mapped out, I sent it over to my talented composer/sound designer friend Kenny Kusiak. He worked up something really close to the final soundtrack on the first draft, and that was hugely inspiring. Having a solid soundtrack really helped me push to the finish without too much anxious hand-wringing.”
“The five-month production was surprisingly smooth. Jeremy at Super Deluxe was a fantastic supporter of what I was doing, and Kenny totally nailed it with the soundtrack. Really proud to work with such a great little crew.”
For Super Deluxe: Jeremy Sengly
director/animator: Benjy Brooke
Audio: Kenny Kusiak
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former West Ham and Everton striker Tony Cottee has described Crystal Palace's win at Huddersfield on Saturday as a “fantastic result” for Roy Hodgson's side.
The Eagles moved out of the Premier League's relegation zone with a 2-0 victory in West Yorkshire, with James Tomkins and Luka Milivojevic on target for Palace.
And Cottee, writing in the weekly Sky Sports feature where an ex-player grades each side's performance at the weekend, said Eagles boss Hodgson would be “absolutely thrilled”.
In giving Palace an A-, he said: “Fantastic result. They didn't concede, looked solid and scored twice away from home.”
Cottee added that Palace are not out of it yet in terms of the battle at the bottom, but he said this was a “big win” in their fight to avoid relegation.
Video
Here's what's happening.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Takeways of the failure to ban bump stocks Banning bump stocks would be a small step toward curbing mass shootings, yet Washington can't do even that quickly. And never mind that President Trump himself promised that regulations on...
Chemical bans have helped close ozone hole: NASA The ozone hole in the upper atmosphere has shrunk by about 20 percent since 2005, and scientists are crediting the international ban on manmade chemicals containing chlorine. The chemicals, called...
Iran blocking social media to 'maintain public safety': officials The Iranian government blocked Instagram and a popular messaging app on Sunday, in its latest bid to quell mass protests throughout the Islamic republic. Millions of everyday Iranians had been...
Trump administration bans CDC from using these 7 words There will be nothing “science based” in budget documents from the nation's top public health agency next year. That phrase was among the seven banned from official documents being prepared...
Facebook's nutty bans on women for saying things like ‘men are ugly' If Facebook is going to police speech on its site, it sure has its work cut out for it. That's more than clear from the social-media platform's bans of women...
Russia's Olympic ban was totally deserved Kudos to the International Olympic Committee for banning Russia from the 2018 Winter Games in South Korea. Russia's national anthem won't play, its government officials can't attend and its flag...
Reddit's ban on bigots was successful, study shows Banning bigoted and hateful threads on Reddit successfully reduced the amount of hate speech on the platform, according to a new study. Researchers at the Georgia Institute of technology analyzed...
National Park Service ends disposable water bottle ban PHOENIX — The federal government announced Wednesday it will eliminate a policy that allowed national parks like the Grand Canyon to ban the sale of bottled water in an effort...
Video game where winning is rape gets banned A sex simulator video game which let players enjoy graphic sex with a range of simulated beauties has been banned. House Party, a “raunchy comedy adventure,” has been removed from...
Image caption Michael McLean was working at the plant during his summer holidays
A father battled to save his teenage son's life at an oil services factory after he was found badly injured, a High Court trial has heard.
Michael McLean, 17, died in hospital in August 2015 after an incident at Denholm MacNamee in Inverurie, Aberdeenshire.
Dean Reynolds, 23, of Keith, has gone on trial accused of culpable homicide.
He denies culpably and recklessly operating a cable spooner machine while Mr McLean was in the drum.
Mr Reynolds faces an alternative charge of breaching Health and Safety guidelines as an employee.
He also faces a charge of attempting to pervert the ends of justice by discarding two pairs of work boots.
The first witness in the trial, Denholm MacNamee managing director Brian Ritchie, told the High Court in Aberdeen how he became aware of an emergency at the workplace on 14 August, 2015.
He said he was told "Mikey" was unconscious, and then saw him lying on the ground.
Summer job
Mark McLean, the teenager's father, also worked at the company.
Mr Ritchie said: "Mark - Mikey's dad - came running out and started giving him CPR."
Mr Ritchie said it was "instantly" clear it was serious.
He said: "I thought he was dead."
He told advocate depute Richard Goddard that the teenager had been on the last day of his summer job.
Mr Ritchie said he asked Mr Reynolds what had happened but he said he didn't know, and that he may have "taken a turn".
He said Mr Reynolds later said the teenager had been chewing gum so might have choked.
Mr Ritchie said the teenager had been very safety-conscious.
The trial, before Lord Beckett, continues.
UFC president Dana White is committed to doing everything possible to land Conor McGregor a lucrative payday against Floyd Mayweather, but the fight is still no closer to reality.
On Saturday night, after Saul “Canelo” Alvarez dished out a punishing decision in his fight with Julio Cesar Chavez Jr., his next bout against Gennady Golovkin was announced for Sept. 16.
That was the date originally reserved for the proposed matchup between McGregor and Mayweather, but White says he just wasn't able to strike a deal with both sides in time so a different boxing match scooped up that Saturday.
“The reason they got my date is because I couldn't get my deal done on time so they got the date,” White told “The Herd” on Tuesday. “Listen, life moves on, we don't wait for anybody. The fights are going to keep rolling. I didn't get the deal done fast enough so I lose the date. That's how it works.”
A date being targeted for the fight might make it appear that a deal is imminent but White says that couldn't be further from the truth.
“I'm not hinting that it's getting close at all. I knew that this thing was going to be a nightmare to get done if it can even be done. We'll find out,” White said. “Obviously, both guys want to fight each other but what's the deal? Can the deal be done? That's the question.
“It's not just Mayweather. It's both sides of this thing are going to be hard to get done. Absolutely, there's going to be a point where I'm done. This isn't what I do, this isn't my business and I'm definitely going to walk away.”
see also Boxing's dream fight is messing up McGregor-Mayweather The long-rumored super fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather...
White can't say for certain when that deadline will be reached where he'll no longer participate in the negotiations, but he promises it could eventually happen.
As much as he wants to put the fight together for McGregor, who stands to potentially make up to nine figures for the bout, White will eventually reach his breaking point.
“Either way, it doesn't matter to me. I know that these two guys want to fight. I've said many times, I respect Conor and I'd like to do this fight for him but it's got to be the right deal. We have to get the right deal done or it's not going to happen,” White said. “Because at the end of the day, this isn't what I do. The UFC is what I do and I should be focusing on that and not a boxing match.
“Obviously, a lot of people want to see it, there's a lot of interest in it, but it's not really what I do.”
How do you start up a charity concert? Sandy relief show “12-12-12” producer Harvey Weinstein explains: You just call up Paul McCartney. He always says yes, and then every other...
Sports News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-08-15
Thomas Agyiri
Ghanaian midfielder Thomas Agyiri opened his account for Ilves in their 4-3 victory over HIFK in the Finnish Veikkausliiga on Monday evening.
The 23-year-old restored parity for Ilves just a minute after going down by Pekka Sihvola's 8th minute strike.
He was yellow carded after pulling his shirt off to display his torso in front of their home fans before being replaced with Cameroonian attacker Marius Noubissi, who went to grab a brace.
Xhevdet Gela and Juho Makela were the other scorers for the visitors while Ariel Nguekam scored Ilves winning goal.
Meanwhile, Baba Mensah and Reuben Ayarna both lasted for the entire duration for the Yellows.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
FOUNTAIN HILLS, Ariz. — A 92-year-old Arizona woman has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting her son who wanted to put her in an assisted living facility, authorities said Tuesday.
Anna Mae Blessing has been booked into jail on suspicion of one count each of first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
Blessing was in a wheelchair at her initial court appearance Tuesday where her bond was set at $500,000 and a lawyer was being appointed to represent her.
92-year-old Anna Mae Blessing has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting her son who wanted to put her in an assisted living facility. Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Sheriff's officials said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead Monday at his home in Fountain Hills, located about 30 miles northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with her son and his girlfriend for about six months, according to court records.
She told authorities that she argued with her son Monday morning over the way she was being treated and was upset with him stating that he was going to place her in assisted living.
Blessing told detectives she got out two handguns she has had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from her late husband.
She concealed two pistols in the pockets of her robe before confronting her son in his bedroom and firing multiple shots at him with one handgun, records show.
The gun was dislodged from Blessing's hand after a struggle with her son's girlfriend, as well as the second weapon, authorities said.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
FARGO, N.D. — The Latest on the sentencing of a North Dakota woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbour (all times local):
2 p.m.
A North Dakota woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbour and cutting the baby from the womb while the mother was still alive has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Brooke Crews pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to commit kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and lying to law officers in the August death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind of Fargo. State District Judge Frank Racek sentenced Crews on Friday.
Prosecutors say Crews admitted to cutting out the baby while Greywind went in and out of consciousness.
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called her death a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.” Her disappearance sparked extensive searches before her body was found wrapped in plastic in a river.
The baby was found alive in the apartment the 38-year-old Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn (hayn). He's scheduled for trial in March.
——
1:50 p.m.
Prosecutors say a North Dakota woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby also admitted to cutting out the baby while the mother was still alive.
A judge is deciding whether Brooke Crews should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole at Friday's hearing.
Crews pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and lying to law officers in the August death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind of Fargo.
Prosecutors say Crews cut the baby out of the mother's womb while Greywind went in and out of consciousness. They asked for a sentence of life with no parole.
The baby was found alive in the apartment the 38-year-old Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn (hayn).
Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
——
1:15 p.m.
A North Dakota judge is deciding whether a woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should merit a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Brooke Crews pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and lying to law officers in the August death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind of Fargo.
Crews didn't have a plea deal with prosecutors, but hoped that admitting responsibility at a December hearing would work in her favour at Friday's sentencing in Fargo. She appeared in court in orange prison clothing, cuffed at the wrists.
Authorities haven't said how Greywind was killed. The baby was found alive in the apartment the 38-year-old Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn (hayn).
Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
——
12:30 a.m.
A North Dakota judge will decide whether a woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should merit a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Brooke Crews pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the August death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Crews did not have a plea deal with prosecutors, but hoped that admitting responsibility at a December hearing would work in her favour at sentencing Friday in Fargo.
Authorities haven't said how Greywind was killed. The baby was found alive in the apartment the 38-year-old Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn (hayn).
Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
A mysterious set of explosions in the suburbs of Philadelphia over the past two months has strained emergency responses to other calls and left authorities in Pennsylvania asking for help to track down whoever is behind the blasts.
Since April 2, there have been over 20 early-morning explosions in northern Bucks County, located about 45 miles northwest of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania State Police said in a news release Tuesday.
“Fortunately to date no one has been injured; however, we are attempting to prevent someone from accidentally getting injured by these explosions, including the individual responsible,” state police said in news released obtained by Fox News. “These events disrupt emergency response personnel from their normal course of duty, straining local resources and impeding emergency personnel from responding to other calls for service.”
Authorities did not release information about a potential suspect, but asked the community to remain vigilant.
“Regardless of how insignificant you think your tip may be, we strongly encourage you to come forward with your information,” state police said.
Residents across the area have reported booms loud enough to rattle windows and shake walls taking place between 1 and 4:30 a.m. and waking them up.
“It's just like a boom. That's just how it sounds,” Donna Weaver told FOX29 at the end of April.
Weaver, a resident of Quakertown, said she heard the booms several times over the course of the month, which woke her up in the middle of the night.
“I don't know and it's kind of scary,” she told FOX29. “Because I thought of thinking maybe its underground, maybe underground somewhere.”
The Richland Township Police Department said in a Facebook post last month that they had not given anyone permission to blast in the area.
“If anyone sees anything suspicious in that area, please reach out to Police or the township. If you are close, try to pinpoint the direction it is coming from,” police said.
A spokeswoman from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives told PennLive.com that the explosions are possibly from Tannerite, which is a mix of ammonium nitrate and aluminum powder and legal to buy. Firearms enthusiasts typically use Tannerite for target practice.
“From what I understand they're pretty big explosions,” ATF spokeswoman Charlene Hennessy told PennLive. “Some people have reported their houses shaking.”
Pennsylvania State Police are asking those with information to call Lehigh Valley Crime Stoppers at (800) 426-TIPS.
Altior may remain among the entries for the Queen Mother Champion Chase at the Cheltenham Festival, but trainer Nicky Henderson insisted his Arkle Trophy favourite is highly unlikely to be rerouted form his intended target despite his impressive win under Nico de Boinville at Newbury on Saturday.
Willie Mullins' Douvan heads the ante-post market for the feature race on the second day of the Cheltenham Festival and is the shortest-priced favourite of the entire festival.
However, with Henderson having already seen a number of Rich Ricci's leading lights ruled out of Cheltenham due to injury, the Seven Barrows trainer has understandably left Altior in the race.
If Douvan turns up at Prestbury Park, it would seem that only a bold edict from Altior's owner could sway Henderson.
Shades of Sprinter Sacre? Awesome Altior saunters home at 30-100 to win the Betfair Exchange Chase and make it 4 from 4 over fences #BSS pic.twitter.com/hUbBflmKNS — Newbury Racecourse (@NewburyRacing) February 11, 2017
“I don't see any point at the moment,” Henderson said of a Champion Chase bid on 2fm's Game On programme.
“I will say there was a forfeit for the Champion Chase this morning and I have left him in.
“But that's not to say I'm still thinking of changing my heart or my mind.”
The caveat to that was the role owner Patricia Pugh would play in the decision.
“If they say, ‘Henderson, it's my horse, I can do what I like with it; we're going to run in the Champion Chase', then obviously it's a different ball game!”
Two facets of Altiors 13-length dismissal of Fox Norton in the race best known as the Game Spirit Chase particularly pleased his handler.
“It was good,” Henderson said.
“There were a few question marks there.
“One, obviously ground, it was the first time for a while - and certainly over fences - that he'd run in soft ground.
“Also, it's the first time Nico's ridden him.
“Nico broke his arm, so Noel [Fehily] rode him the first three times.
“I had to get the run in because otherwise, if we didn't, he could have gone straight to Cheltenham and that would have meant Nico was going to be riding him having never ridden him on a racecourse over fences.”
A vintage private plane that crashed in north Florida killing all four people aboard went unnoticed for nearly a day.
The Gainesville Sun reports (http://bit.ly/2oPCqKm ) that the 1948 Cessna 170 crashed Saturday afternoon at the Williston Municipal Airport, but wasn't noticed until Sunday. None of the victims have been identified.
Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board arrived at the scene Monday.
Williston Deputy Police Chief Clay Connolly told the newspaper that the plane attempted to take off Saturday afternoon and crashed.
Between 20 and 30 other aircraft took off from the airport after the crash, but no one noticed the wreckage for 21 hours.
Connolly says the Cessna was equipped with an emergency locator transmitter that should have been noticed by other pilots.
———
Information from: The Gainesville (Fla.) Sun, http://www.gainesvillesun.com
Real Madrid's trip to Bayern Munich takes place almost four years to the day since Pep Guardiola pulled off what he considers "the biggest f***-up of my life as a coach".
On April 29, 2014, Guardiola's Bavaria were put to the sword by Madrid in the second leg of the Champions League semi-finals, swatted aside by Carlo Ancelotti's ruthless counter-attacking machine.
Guardiola had planned meticulously in the build-up to contain the visitors' threat on the break, particularly the front three of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo. However, he changed his mind – and formation – at the last minute, and it cost his side emphatically.
It might be the nadir of Guardiola's career in the dugout, but it showed just what that Madrid front three could do. While the first two goals from Sergio Ramos came from set-pieces, and the fourth a piece of free-kick trickery by Ronaldo, Madrid's third towards the end of a devastating first half sticks in the mind.
Angel Di Maria sent the ball from the edge of the box to Benzema, who held off Dante and played in Bale, who burst into the area and teed up Ronaldo, who shot straight through Manuel Neuer. The whole move took 10 seconds and comprised nine touches of the ball. It was brutal, brilliant, clinical football. It was the 'BBC' at their very best.
It shows how far their collective stock has fallen that, when Madrid return to the Allianz Arena on Wednesday, only Ronaldo is certain to start. The form and fitness of Bale and Benzema has seen them supplanted for key games with increasing regularity. It would be a surprise if none of Isco, Marco Asensio or Lucas Vazquez were not in the XI on Wednesday; in fact, the 'BBC's most recent start, in January, came 279 days after their last.
Benzema is still Ronaldo's favoured strike partner, the man whose selfless runs so often give him space to shine; he also has the backing of Zinedine Zidane. But it's an indulgence too many fans are unwilling to give.
Benzema has scored nine goals all season, and just two in the Champions League, which came in the 6-0 thrashing of APOEL. He has 10 assists, but none in Europe. Two goal involvements in a run to the Champions League semi-finals is a long way from adequate for a Real Madrid number nine, whatever his importance to their best player. By contrast, he mustered five goals and five assists in 11 appearances in 2013-14 and scored in the 1-0 first-leg win over Bayern in Spain.
Life is scarcely better for Bale. So often hampered by muscle problems since that explosive first season when, like Benzema, he contributed to 10 goals in the Champions League, he simply can't be relied upon for their biggest matches any longer. His only goal in this season's tournament came in the group-stage win at Borussia Dortmund in September. He didn't start again in Europe until the second-leg loss to Juventus in the previous round, when he was dragged off at the break.
Ronaldo has made up the numbers since the turn of the year and has already scored 15 times in the run to the last four, but the BBC's declination was laid bare in the autumn months. While Ronaldo found it tough to get going in LaLiga, and with nobody able to shoulder that responsibility, Madrid drifted out of the title race almost before it had got going. If Ronaldo doesn't do it, it's getting increasingly common that Bale and Benzema can't.
It means the tie with Bavaria is crucial for them both. President Florentino Perez is reportedly growing more irked with the pair by the week, Bale in particular, and would be willing to listen to offers at the end of the season. The Wales star will have no shortage of suitors from the Premier League and recouping close to the €100million they paid Tottenham in 2013 would help them spruce up the squad. Benzema, meanwhile, would almost certainly be offloaded if a deal for Robert Lewandowski were struck.
Should Madrid lose the tie, with Bale and Benzema doing little to aid the cause, they could be joining Zidane in looking for new pastures. Repeat their performances from four years ago, though, and Perez – not to mention the fans – might put the white handkerchiefs away.
The 'BBC' is facing crunch time again. They certainly can't afford a "f***-up" of their own.
The ball was slightly low and behind Odell Beckham Jr., a pass from Eli Manning that was not going to be completed. Had it been a perfect throw, perhaps Beckham would have been able to make the catch. In this case, with the slightest imperfection in the offensive execution, cornerback Janoris Jenkins had no trouble blanketing Beckham and smacking the ball away.
From a nondescript play on a picture-perfect Wednesday at spring minicamp, on to the summer and training camp and proceeding to the games that count, this must be the goal of this year's Giants defense: Make the offense do every little thing precisely and exactly, or else nothing is going to get accomplished.
“To be honest, man, it's all about that trophy,'' cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie said. “We got to go out there and try to get some shutouts. I think we have that capability of going out there and shutting guys out. When everybody's on one accord and we're banging, we're pretty good.''
When everybody is in accord and they're banging, this defense has the right, and the résumé, to expect greatness. Three of the four linemen could be Pro Bowlers. Three of the four starters in the secondary could be Pro Bowlers. The linebackers are solid, versatile and, in B.J. Goodson, potentially explosive.
Consider this vignette: Goodson, being groomed for the starting middle linebacker job in just his second NFL season, makes the calls for the entire defense. Recently, he gave some direction to Rodgers-Cromartie, a 10-year veteran. Goodson's message to DRC not only was forceful, but also quite loud.
“I almost had to get on him the other day, he kind of yelled at me a little bit, and I had to realize that's my linebacker and he doesn't know me like that, so I'm gonna let him have that,'' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “I let it go this time. Not next time.''
The decibel level was not appreciated, but what about the content of Goodson's call?
“He was correct, but just say it to me,'' DRC said. “Don't yell.''
As much as the veteran cornerback wants Goodson to lower the volume, he loved what it revealed about the 24-year-old from Clemson.
“Yes, sir, that shows the thing that's built inside of him, he's unafraid out there and he comes to play,'' Rodgers-Cromartie said.
If Goodson is the real deal, this defense will get even more formidable. In 2016, the Giants finished second in points allowed (17.8 per game; only the Patriots allowed fewer), tied for third in run defense, tied for fourth in interceptions and first in the fewest touchdowns allowed (just 26).
This success was derived despite the assimilation needed with Jenkins, Damon “Snacks'' Harrison, Olivier Vernon and Keenan Robinson arriving as free agents. This success was achieved despite first-round pick Eli Apple receiving significant snaps as a rookie, and with an undrafted rookie safety, Andrew Adams, starting 13 games.
The only significant loss is defensive tackle Johnathan Hankins, and in time, second-round pick Dalvin Tomlinson figures to be a credible replacement. Promising free safety Darian Thompson played just two games last season before eventually landing on injured reserve, so he can be viewed as an addition.
“We got all the guys back, all the guys know what they're doing, it's like second nature now, building,'' safety Landon Collins said.
There is no reason for the Giants to accept anything less than greatness from their defense, given the money and draft picks invested in rebuilding from the dark days of 2015 — when this proud franchise put on the field one of its worst-ever defenses.
The talent is on hand, as is tremendous continuity. A year ago, this defensive system was new to more than half the starting unit. Now these players know what to expect and what coordinator Steve Spagnuolo wants from each one of them.
Plus, the man calling the shots knows them far better now than he did when he put it all together last year.
“I say to the guys sometimes, ‘Look, guys, we're in graduate school now, we're there, where we can put something a little more complex in,' '' Spagnuolo said. “That was a whole gradual thing last year. We kept it simple, built on it.''
It all adds up to a defense that has a right to expect dominance.
“That gives you a lot of confidence, because these are your guys,'' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “You already went to battle with 'em. You come back, you know what you got. You've been there before, so this time you go all the way.''
NFL Round-Up
Mini-Ben McAdoo is my new favorite Giants fan … Martellus Bennett ate a sideline banana and gave a great postgame quote about sex … Protesters climbed the rafters at the Vikings-Bears game to protest the Dakota Pipeline … Josh Norman gave Odell Beckham a friendly head-butt … The Eagles booted a beat reporter from the press box … Bills back Mike Gillislee made the worst special teams play of the season. This won't happen if 91-year-old Marv Levy becomes coach again … Aqib Talib owes Michael Crabtree a new gold chain … Adam Vinatieri missed a $500,000 field goal … Tony Romo threw his first TD pass of the year … RG3 trucked a sound guy on the sideline.
Mariah Carey Update
If you haven't heard about Mariah Carey‘s New Year's Eve debacle, you need to get out more. The famous diva claims technical difficulties marred her performance while Twitter users raced to make the best joke. Carey handled it as well as one could, and to be fair, she isn't the first to have an embarrassing lip sync snafu.
Sacramento Kings Let Dog Run Their Twitter Account
Minnie the Corgi provided the Kings with their best performance of the season.
Meghan Wiggins: Lovely Lady of the Day
Bicycles and bikinis are a great way to kick off the new year, as Meghan Wiggins demonstrates. She is today's LLOD (click for full-size gallery).
Toronto Wins Centennial Classic
Over 40,000 fans packed BMO Field Sunday for the Centennial Classic, only to watch the Maple Leafs blow a 4-1 lead before winning in overtime. In a sentence you don't hear very often, the game was delayed 30 minutes because of sun. Future MVP Auston Matthews scored the game winner and I can't stop thinking about this graphic comparing Matthews and Jaromir Jagr.
Only in the NHL
Tampa Bay's equipment manager got some actual ice time against Tampa Bay on Saturday.
Good Deed of the Day
Here's a nice, uplifting story to start your 2017. Now you go do something nice!
#Canada
Wayne Gretzky hanging with Bryan Adams is so peak Canadian that this room is now a small province. pic.twitter.com/NURxIGp4q9 — Greg Wyshynski (@wyshynski) January 1, 2017
Dale Jr. Gets Married
Happily married!!! What an amazing experience. Looking forward to the rest of our lives @Amy_Reimann. #honeymooners pic.twitter.com/jepHaBiOGA — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 1, 2017
Spotted on New Year's Eve
The Hollywood sign was changed to say Hollyweed today pic.twitter.com/NSWmbgz9aP — Tommy Chong (@tommychong) January 1, 2017
Odds & Ends
Attendance was down at Sunday's NFL games and the empty seats photos are hilarious … There is a developing Noah Syndergaard-Bryce Harper feud … The art of the playlist and its importance in running … This Ohio State fan has some misplaced anger … Love how Nicki Minaj is suddenly a big Billy Eichner fan … I'm excited about the Mean Girls musical.
Military Reunions are the Best
SPC Leo Watkins, U.S. Army, has been stationed away from his family for the past nine months. They were reunited today @FedExField. pic.twitter.com/OE7F8def6g — Washington Redskins (@Redskins) January 1, 2017
Steve Smith's Retirement Speech
Steve Smith Sr. tells CBS “that's it” after Ravens final game of the season. pic.twitter.com/EeCg8iHY9j — NFLonCBS (@NFLonCBS) January 1, 2017
Block of the Day
#MichaelFloyd has been blocking well on perimeter as well. Catches are 👍🏻, but ya earn BIG👍🏻 in NE when ya melt the defender for a big play pic.twitter.com/kKcReQDDD8 — Matt Chatham (@chatham58) January 1, 2017
Who Sang It Best: Emotions
Who Sang It Best: Emotions
Email andy_gray@simail.com with any feedback or ping me on Twitter. Click here for previous editions of Hot Clicks. Visit our Extra Mustard Page throughout each day for more offbeat sports stories and the latest Cheerleader of the Week gallery. Also check out the SwimDaily Page for the latest updates and Instagram pictures of models who have appeared in our issues.
This article originally appeared on
UFC champion's three cars torched: 'Life was put in danger' Three cars belonging to former UFC lightweight champion Anthony Pettis were set ablaze outside his Milwaukee home early Thursday morning. The incident happened at around 1 a.m. and is being...
Two stunning title changes could just be start of UFC upheaval The UFC has two events in the near future featuring two title defenses on the card, the perils and possibilities of which were showcased at UFC 185 this weekend. Two new...
WASHINGTON — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds himself embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of his base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
“President Trump is demonstrating his commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom,” said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
“The Trump administration is saying to employers, ‘If you want to discriminate, we have your back,”‘ said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Her organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
“The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss' religious beliefs,” said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri. “We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise.”
Xavier Becerra, the Democratic attorney general of California, said he planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible. Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
“Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law,” Sessions wrote.
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document, the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee's willingness “to adhere to a code of conduct.” Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships, among other behaviour.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian law firm, called it “a great day for religious freedom.” But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group, depicted the two directives as “an all-out assault, on women, LGBT people and others” as the administration fulfilled a “wish list” of the religious right.
The new policy on contraception, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows more categories of employers, including publicly traded companies, to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The new policy took effect on Friday, but its impact won't be known immediately and may not be dramatic.
“I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods,” said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
Nonetheless, he worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law. The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 per cent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Despite that workaround, there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a “return to common sense” that would enhance “peaceful coexistence” between church and state.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama's health law outright expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
——
Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report.
Tyler, the Creator's Camp Flog Gnaw is returning again this fall with performances from the pillars of Odd Future (Earl Sweatshirt, Syd, Steve Lacy, Hodgy, Domo Genesis), mensch Vince Staples, and a fairly stacked lineup including Lana Del Rey, Migos, 2 Chainz, Solange, A$AP Rocky, Kehlani, Kelela, Mac Miller, Roy Ayers (who appeared on Tyler's Cherry Bomb), and Lil Yachty. Kid Cudi, who's rarely performed live since going to rehab for depression last October, will schedule to do a set as well.
This year's festival goes down October 28 and 29 at Los Angeles' Exposition Park. Tickets go on sale this Thursday at noon PST. Check the festival's poster below.
First Lady Chirlane McCray played clean-up for Mayor de Blasio Wednesday, claiming he has “great respect for individual journalists” — despite recent comments showing his complete disdain for the media.
During a City Hall press conference, McCray said her husband expressed no regrets for his harsh criticism of reporters, including in e-mails released under court order where he called the media “pitiful.”
In Trumpian fashion, de Blasio later took particular aim at New York's tabloids – especially The Post, saying he “will not shed a tear if that newspaper is no longer here.”
Asked about those remarks, McCray said, “I'm sure that is what he was feeling that day” but denied Hizzoner would like to see reporters lose their jobs.
“Now! Now! Now! You know he doesn't support the loss of jobs,” she said.
“He is a human being and gets frustrated just like anybody else. I'm sure you have your days … Again, he has respect for real good journalists. I know that.”
“I know he has great respect for individual journalists … but this is a very different media environment we are living in right now than 20 years ago,” said McCray, following an announcement that the city is spending $9.5 million more to help homeless LGBTQ youth.
At several points, McCray appeared to grow frustrated by questions about her husband's media tirades, saying she didn't want to weigh in on whether press coverage of him is “fair.”
She also found herself defending herself against a New York Times report about the Mayor's Fund to Advance the City of New York, which she chairs.
The report said that as fund-raising at the non-profit stalled, McCray regularly skipped board meetings and hasn't been at the fund's office in nearly a year.
“The role I play is appropriate as chair of a nonprofit of that size,” she said. “It is not necessary to go into a room in a building to get the work done. This is the electronic age. I do business everywhere I am…”
From mid-2002 through mid-2014 – a period predominately covering the administration of former Mayor Mike Bloomberg – the fund raised an average of $32 million a year.
But between July 2014 and June 2017, the fund averaged $22 million a year.
It is on pace this fiscal year for its lowest revenue in more than a decade, with $14 million raised in the first 10 months.
Expenses, meanwhile, have increased.
But McCray said she's satisfied with how things are going.
“For a nonprofit of this size, we are doing really well,” she insisted.
She also pointed out Bloomberg was a billionaire whose administration was dealing with different priorities, such as Hurricane Sandy relief and the post 9/11 era, while the fund under her watch is concentrating more on mental health, immigration and securing jobs for “young people.”
“It's not about who can raise the most money. It's not a race,” she said.
BEDFORD, Pa. — A former Pennsylvania district attorney accused of tipping off female drug dealers and giving them lenient treatment in exchange for sex has pleaded guilty to corruption charges in a deal that will keep him out of jail.
Former Bedford County District Attorney William Higgins pleaded guilty Wednesday to 31 misdemeanour counts, including official oppression, according to Attorney General Josh Shapiro.
Higgins resigned in early April after the charges were filed, saying in a statement that he'd been accused of conduct “unbecoming of a district attorney” and “unbecoming of a husband and father.”
Police said Higgins also revealed the names of confidential informants to female drug dealers with whom he was having sex, or to their friends and associates.
Under a plea agreement, Higgins will spend no time behind bars. He will lose a portion of his pension.
——
This story has been corrected to show that Higgins pleaded guilty to 31 counts, not 11.
Image caption People may have been asleep when the mudslide occurred
Hundreds of people are feared dead and others trapped in their homes after a mudslide near Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown.
A hillside in the Regent area collapsed early on Monday following heavy rains, leaving many houses completely covered in mud.
A BBC reporter at the scene says many people may have been asleep when the mudslide occurred.
Officials say it is too early to give a precise number of casualties.
Dozens of bodies have so far been retrieved.
Sierra Leone's Vice-President Victor Bockarie Foh said it was "likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble".
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," he told Reuters news agency, adding that the area was being cordoned off as people were being evacuated.
Emergency services are at the scene trying to rescue people trapped in their homes after a section of a hill collapsed, the Sierra Leone Telegraph reports.
Images posted on Twitter show people wading through streets, waist-deep in muddy water following the downpour in and around Freetown.
Flooding is not unusual in Sierra Leone, where unsafe housing is regularly swept away by heavy rains.
In 2015, Freetown endured deadly floods sparked by monsoon rains that killed 10 people and left thousands more homeless.
The U Ultra is HTC's first flagship phone for 2017, and it didn't get great reviews. It's expensive, has poor battery life, lacks waterproofing and a headphone jack, and the US model only supports GSM networks. If you really wanted one for some reason, the U Ultra is now $150 off at HTC's website, along with several other phones.
In addition to the U Ultra's discount, you can also get last year's HTC 10 for $499 ($200 off). The HTC Bolt is also down to $450 ($150 off), and the One A9 is $199 ($300 off). Those might not seem like great discounts, given the age of those devices, but free Uh-Oh protection is included with all purchases from HTC's site.
Besides phones, HTC is also selling JBL Headphones for just $99 ($100 off). You can find links for all the discounted products at the source link below.
Image copyright PA
Nick Grimshaw is stepping down from the Radio 1 Breakfast Show - and will be replaced by Greg James.
The presenter is ending his nearly six-year stint on the show and will move to Greg's 4-7pm slot on the station.
Grimmy said he's had the "time of his life" but has decided it's "time for a change and a new show".
Greg added: "It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Greg James is taking over the Radio 1 Breakfast Show
The news was announced on the breakfast show on Thursday when Greg joined Grimmy in the studio.
Nick began hosting the show in 2012 and earlier this week became the second-longest running breakfast show presenter in Radio 1 history.
He said: "It was always my dream to do the breakfast show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream every day for what will be nearly six years.
"But six years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show."
He said he loves Radio 1 and can't wait to start his new show in the drivetime slot and remove "all alarms from my house".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nick has presented the breakfast show for five years and 250 days
Nick took over from Chris Moyles on the breakfast show. He'd previously presented the station's late night programme.
The latest official Rajar listening figures suggest 5.1 million people tune into Grimmy at breakfast time.
He added: "I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours, Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it."
Image copyright Fulwell 73 Image caption Greg also hosts BBC One's Sounds Like Friday Night with 1Xtra's Dotty
Greg is the current presenter of the drivetime show and was first on air on Radio 1 the day after he graduated from university.
He said he was "beside myself" to be given the chance to present the "most famous radio show in the world".
He added: "The listeners have become like mates during the ten years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
"They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started."
The pair will start their new shows on Radio 1 in the autumn.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
The Citi Bike repair backlog is so bad that recently one-third of the fleet was sitting in a Brooklyn warehouse waiting to be fixed by overworked mechanics, according to their...
MURRAY, KY (WAVE) - A sexual assault investigation in Calloway County led to the arrests of four Kentucky National Guard soldiers.
Kentucky State Police (KSP) said troopers responded to Murray-Calloway County Hospital about 10 a.m. on June 3 on a report of a sexual assault. All four suspects were taken into custody the same day.
MUGSHOTS: June 2017 Roundup
A preliminary KSP investigation determined the victim was provided with alcohol and then sexually assaulted by the four suspects.
Troopers said the suspects were in Calloway County in preparation for a weekend deployment.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Multiple victims in shooting at UPS center in San Francisco
+ Gunman in Alexandria, VA shooting had history of arrests
+ Police: Woman snatched girl from backyard in Hardin Co.
They are identified and charged as follows:
Austin L. Dennis, 21, of Munfordville, Kentucky; charged with second-degree sodomy
Jacob F. Ruth, 22, of Munfordville, Kentucky; charged with second-degree sodomy
Anthony R. Tubolino, 25, of Auburn, Kentucky; charged with second-degree rape, second-degree sodomy, and third-degree unlawful transaction with a minor
Tyler A. Hart, 19, of Bowling Green; charged with first-degree sexual abuse and second-degree sodomy
Anyone with information about this case should call Kentucky State Police Post 1 at 270-856-3721 or anonymously at 800-222-5555. Citizens also may report tips anonymously through the free KSP mobile app.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
CANNES — Bob Liodice may want to think about bringing a food taster with him if he decides this week to attend Cannes Lions. Liodice, the chief executive of the...
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Louisville Metro Police have arrested a man they say stabbed someone earlier this week near Churchill Downs.
LMPD arrested Anthony Edwards on Thursday.
According to his arrest report, the incident occurred at South 5th and M Street shortly after 11:30 p.m. Thursday.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Pilot killed in plane crash outside Bardstown
+ Domestic violence victims honored, remembered
+ CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Floyd Co. police search for vandals
Police responded to the area where they said they found Edwards behind a business in the 600 block of M street. Edwards allegedly ran from police was arrested shortly before 11:45 p.m., according to police reports.
LMPD said Edwards admitted to the stabbing but called it self-defense. Police reports state that a witness told LMPD that the victim was using a stick to hit Edwards who then grabbed the knife, walked towards the victim who began to back off, the victim fell and Edwards then began to stab him.
The victim was taken to UofL Hospital for treatment. The victim's condition is unknown.
Edwards has been charged with assault and fleeing police.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
FILe - This is a 2016 file photo showing Ariel Prieto of the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team. Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says it was a mistake for him to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado. Prieto told reporters on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, that he didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and that it was on "airplane mode" during the game, a setting that shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File)
NEW YORK (AP) — Arizona coach Ariel Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined by Major League Baseball for his wearing an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card win over Colorado.
MLB announced the discipline Friday, two days after the game.
The commissioner's office said in a statement that it interviewed Prieto and examined his watch and cellphone. It said it "found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game."
Prieto and the team were fined because he violated a regulation, and MLB will donate the fine money to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ISIS leader 'killed' by Russia resurfaces in audio recording The Islamic State ​on Thursday ​released a​n audio recording of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi​, whom the Russians said they killed in June, indicating the notorious terror leader may still be alive....
New York Times demands apology from 'Fox & Friends' The New York Times is asking Fox News' morning show “Fox & Friends” to apologize for what the newspaper calls a “malicious and inaccurate segment” about the newspaper, intelligence leaks...
Syria watchdog claims ISIS leader has been killed A leading human rights watchdog claims ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is dead. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Tuesday that it had “confirmed information” that the terrorist leader...
Drone soldier missed killing notorious ISIS chief by mere minutes If the Russian military, despite its boasts, failed to kill Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a May 28 airstrike, one American soldier can certainly sympathize. As he outlines...
ISIS destroys iconic mosque where it once declared 'caliphate' Islamic State militants blew up a 12th-century mosque in Mosul where the terror group's leader declared its self-styled caliphate as Iraqi forces closed in on the site. The explosion Wednesday...
Russian foreign minister still can't confirm ISIS leader's death MOSCOW — Russia said Tuesday it could not confirm that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi had been killed in an airstrike in Syria last month, the Interfax news agency...
Russia claims they killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi BEIRUT — Russia claimed Friday it killed the leader of the Islamic State group in an airstrike targeting a meeting of IS leaders just outside the group's de facto capital...
US turning to 'annihilation tactics' in fight against ISIS Defense Secretary James Mattis has a message for North Korea, ISIS and other global terror threats that is right out of “Breaking Bad.” Discussing global terror threats on CBS' “Face...
ISIS may be forming a 'chemical weapons cell' in Syria ISIS is forming a “chemical weapons cell” made up of countless experts from Iraq and Syria, a report says. A US official told CNN that the terror group is gathering...
Video
At least 29 people have drowned after a passenger ferry capsized in Indonesia.
69 people were rescued from the boat, while 40 are still missing, authorities say .
The boat hit bad weather a few hundred metres away from Sulawesi Island.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - On average, it costs $233,000 a year to raise a child until they're 17 years old. So what happens after that? When should parents stop financially supporting their children? It's a fine and expensive line.
According to a new study by NerdWallet.com, 75 percent of parents admit to helping their adult children with finances. According to creditcards.com, one out of every four parents say they help their children, 18 and older, pay their cell phone bills, rent, and utilities. Eighty-four percent of them also admit to paying for their living expenses, while 70 percent are helping them pay off debt?
So when is the right time to pull the plug? Well, it depends on who you ask.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Holiday shipping 2017: Important deadlines you need to know
+ Flea Off Market brings Holiday Bazaar to Germantown
+ Kids meet officers, Santa at Portland LMPD Christmas party
Time Magazine reports parents think their children should be financially responsible by 25, while their adult children say 27 is a good number. In reality, parents actually think their kids will become financially independent around 30 years old, but their kids say, 32 is a reasonable age.
Deciding on when to cut the money cord isn't easy, and deciding how to do it can be just as tough for a lot of parents. Experts say the following steps can help parents and their grown children transition smoothly during this process.
Encourage and foster their independence
Set clear parameters
Don't be afraid to provide tough love
Expect something in return
Give only what you can
Set an exit strategy
To learn more, click here:
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — New Knicks general manager Scott Perry said he believes the team's fans will be satisfied with any result this season if they witness a franchise “establishing a direction” and fighting every game.
The new regime has centered the 2017-18 season on developing a young core and not focusing as much on a playoff spot. Coach Jeff Hornacek drove that point home further Friday morning, comparing his gig to that of 76ers coach Brett Brown, who oversaw a multi-season tank job in Philadelphia.
“Fans in general respect teams who compete and fight hard every night,'' Perry said in a pregame meeting with the traveling beat writers before the Knicks faced the Wizards in their second preseason game. “I think fans will respect that. We'll see where that takes us. Nobody has a crystal ball, what that's going to mean for results this year. Let that play out.
“The big thing is this team competing, playing hard, playing together, trying to defend every night. If we can do that, they can live with the results. The fans will at least see the proper direction we're headed. That's going to be key — establishing direction where we're headed as an organization.''
The Carmelo Anthony trade less than two weeks ago set in motion the full rebuilding process in which eyeing a spot in a potentially star-studded lottery has logic. Management covets its core of seven players to build around — adding Doug McDermott and Enes Kanter to the group of Kristaps Porzingis, Frank Ntilikina, Willy Hernangomez, Tim Hardaway Jr. and Ron Baker. All seven are 25 or younger.
“I just want to see us compete hard every day, whether practice, game or scrimmage,” Perry said. “This team comes out and fights. That's what I want to see. If I can see this consistently, I can live with the results this year.”
Earlier in the day, Hornacek said on the topic of patience this season: “You got to find the combination. Brett Brown has figured out a good way to do that. It's hard as a coach because you want to win. You understand the process you have to go through. You try to not sacrifice what you're trying to do to build just to win some games.”
In Las Vegas, the Knicks' over-under for victories has dropped since the Anthony deal from 30½ to 29½.
“We want to build the right way,” Perry said. “It's like building a home. You want to build a solid foundation. It takes time to establish that foundation. We'll be opportunistic as we move along the way but keep focusing on development.”
One potential concern this season is the health of Ntilikina, the 19-year-old rookie point guard, who missed Friday's game with a knee bruise. He'll also miss Sunday's game in Brooklyn after missing all summer league with a knee issue.
The rail-thin Ntilikina has said getting his body stronger is a primary goal, and Perry said he feels it's natural for the rookie to get bumps and bruises.
“You answered the question yourself when you say he's 19,” Perry said. “He's a young guy playing against grown men. It takes time to train his body in that way. I think he's going to be fine. I'm not concerned about that right now. Go back over time, a lot of people have come in this league, struggled with minor tissue issues. The kid is very smart. He wants to be a good player.”
Perry on other issues:
Meeting Porzingis: Perry actually first met Porzingis at a workout before the 2015 draft as an executive with the Magic. Selecting fifth, Orlando prayed in the war room the Knicks would pass on him at No. 4.
“I've spent time with him now and had very good impressions of him,” Perry said. “He wants to be a great player in this league one day. He knows he has a lot of hard work ahead of him.”
Traveling with the team: Unlike ousted team president Phil Jackson, Perry plans to go everywhere.
“It's important to be around here to support the group, to have a feel of this team, especially on the road,” he said. “You learn about players, gives you a better understanding to what you need to add because you have a better handle.”
On his failure to get over the hump in Orlando: Perry said he wished he had sprinkled in more veterans.
“We had a lot of young people, more young people even than we have here right now. I definitely learned from it. And I think you heard me talk about having veterans around. I've seen how veteran players can be to young players.”
CRAZY Invention Made To Protect Women From Migrant Attacks, Hits The Market – ‘Safe Shorts'
Seriously? You think a modern take on a chastity belt is going to stop Islamic rapists? I sincerely doubt it. In Germany, Sandra Seilz has invented “Safe Shorts.” She came up with the idea after being attacked by three drunken men while jogging in the woods. Any bets on if these ‘men' were Islamic refugees? Any further bets that she was gang-raped? The shorts have a lock, protective shield and an alarm. Cables wrap around both legs that are supposedly hard to cut.
This woman believes the alarm would scare off attackers. Probably not. As for the cables, they will get inventive at cutting them and they don't give a crap about hurting the woman they are attached to. Frankly, if they can't get what they want, they'll probably kill the woman and behead her. I doubt that her “Safe Shorts” will protect her from that fate. If Germany would not let in unvetted refugees, most of this would not be happening. Safe words, safe bracelets and safe shorts are not going to stop a rapist folk.
From The Federalist Papers Project:
It's come to this. “Safe Shorts.” Women's shorts that have a lock around the groin and an alarm to keep would-be sex attackers from having their way. The depressing invention was made by German entrepreneur Sandra Seilz. She decided to create the pants after she was attacked by three drunken men while jogging in the woods. She had 150 pairs of the “Safe Shorts” made and they sold out immediately. In the shorts, a lock protects women's “intimate” areas along with a “protective shield” and it is hooked to an alarm. There are cables that run around the length of both legs that can't be cut easily. The website for the shorts says “Get into your safe shorts, pull the ergonomically placed high-tech cords that are torn and cut-resistant until the trousers are in place. The the cords are fixed to a power alarm. Should someone try to get into the trousers of the jogger the alarm will go off at a volume of 130 decibels, which is supposed to scare off the attacker.”
Germany is not alone in a massive rise in rapes and crime. Europe as a whole is experiencing it because their feckless leaders opened their borders and are welcoming these deviants in the name of tolerance and diversity. The police don't enforce laws anymore in many of these places and aren't there when needed. They keep the populace unarmed and they are a walking victim buffet for these monsters.
The shorts are made from the same material as bullet-proof vests and are just as difficult to pierce, penetrate or cut. Even so, as I said before, these are your garden variety rapists and they get off on brutal murders as much as ravaging maidens. They'll tell the woman, take them off or die. Seilz told The Express: “Safe Shorts provide triple protection against sexual assaults, and we're very proud of them.”
Seilz is telling people that they should not be worried in case of a medical emergency, that ambulances and EMT personnel have devices that can easily cut through the material. One wonders extensively about going to the bathroom while wearing such a device. Just sayin'. Despite a price of 149 euros (or $156), the shorts sold out in minutes. Desperate times call for desperate measures; I guess they are better than nothing. It would be much better if the laws were enforced and Germany had not fallen to the Caliphate thanks to Merkel.
Image copyright Broward County Sheriff Image caption Zachary Cruz said he wanted to "soak it all in"
The brother of the teenager charged in last month's Florida school shooting has been arrested for trespassing on the campus grounds.
An arrest report says Zachary Cruz, 18, "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds" in Parkland.
It says he received "prior warnings" from school staff to stay away from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
He said he wanted "to reflect on the school shooting and soak it all in".
His 19-year-old brother is charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and 17 counts of attempted murder over the 14 February attack, and could face the death penalty.
Zachary Cruz is being held at the Broward County Jail in Fort Lauderdale.
According to the arrest report, Broward County deputies said security cameras had shown him entering the premises on Monday at 16:30 local time (20:00 GMT).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Shoes mark young victims of gun violence
Last week, he wept in court as his adoptive brother appeared before a judge for a hearing in Fort Lauderdale.
According to a sheriff's report, Zachary Cruz said two days after the shooting that he was feeling guilty because he had bullied his brother when they were younger.
A Palm Beach County detective wrote in the report that Zachary Cruz might have harboured some resentment because his sibling was the "favoured brother".
Maybe you're in a plane seat with no air conditioning and no Wi-Fi for the entirety of your flight. Or your flight was delayed for two and a half hours because of a mechanical failure. Or maybe your luggage was lost when you arrived to a foreign country, and you had to buy new clothes until it got there a few days later. While griping about your latest consumer mishap may make you feel a little better, how about getting some actual cash?
In some of these cases, you might be entitled to financial compensation to make up for some of the headache. The first step is being willing to ask for it. Here's what to do next.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Lost luggage? Bumped off your flight? How to handle vacation emergencies 4:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Know Your Options
Before you ask for compensation in any situation — especially when it comes to travel — it's a good idea to do some due diligence to find out what's reasonable.
The United States, for example, has different laws than Europe (in the former, you're not guaranteed compensation for a mechanical failure, but in the latter, passengers are entitled to up to $650). In the U.S., if you're on an overbooked flight and bumped to another one against your will, you're entitled to up to $1,350 in cash compensation.
Related: How Much Would American Carriers Refund You for a BA-Style Outage? Zilch.
For lost or damaged luggage, it's up to $1,220, says Henrik Zillmer, CEO and founder of AirHelp, an app and service that helps airline passengers get compensation from airlines for flight issues.
Be Nice
As the old adage goes: “You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.” It's true here, too. It might be best to call the airline or travel company first in order to make a personal connection and get a more immediate response.
Keep in mind that many customer service representatives have been dealing with callers with short fuses throughout the day, so you can set yourself apart by simply being nice. When they introduce themselves, say, “Hi [X], how are you today?” It “takes them aback,” says Nick Reyes of FrequentMiler.com, a site that helps you earn miles without flying.
Related: What One Flight Attendant Has to Say About Unruly Passengers
“Starting out that way inspires them to want to help.” Another pro tip? Present evidence that shows you've been a loyal or long-term customer and that you were disappointed with the situation, but make sure to separate your experience from the person you're currently speaking with. Constantly thank them as you go through the process.
Don't Settle
It's also important to be very upfront about what you're looking for as far as compensation (whether it's a credit, partial refund, full refund or some other accommodation), says Edgar Dworsky, founder of ConsumerWorld.org.
Know that sometimes the first complaint doesn't work, and you can always use the “HUCA” (Hang Up, Call Again) method to try to get someone on the line who's friendly and better suited to your request. Many airline and travel companies are also extremely responsive to customer service requests on Twitter, so you can always tweet your problem, tag the company, and ask for help.
If and when you finally get your offer of compensation, don't settle for the first offer, if you can help it. Remember, this is a negotiation. Say something like, “Well, I'd like to help you out here and get out of your way, but I was hoping for [X].” You can always ask (nicely) to speak with a supervisor if the representative you're speaking with doesn't have the authority to increase compensation. “Nine times out of 10, asking for what I want gets me a better result,” says Reyes.
With Hayden Field
Baker creates life-sized cakes of twin daughters An amateur baker has created life-size versions of her twin daughters made entirely out of cake to celebrate their first birthday. Talented Lara Mason, 31, spent more than 100 hours...
Marching band helps ring in woman's 100th birthday YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio — An Ohio woman kiddingly said she wanted a marching band to celebrate her 100th birthday. Margaret LoCicero got exactly that Tuesday at the assisted living facility where...
Eric Trump wears sombrero at his Mexican-themed birthday His father the president may harbor suspicions about the people who live south of the US border, but Eric Trump apparently has no qualms about celebrating his birthday in a...
Woman shot by dropped gun at baby's birthday party A woman was shot at a 1-year-old's birthday party in Brooklyn when a guest a accidentally dropped his gun, causing it to go off, police said Monday. Party-goers were celebrating...
Birthday boy learns that foam and fire don't mix Shocking footage shows the moment a man's face is engulfed in flames as pals spray foam over him while he blows out a birthday candle. Fayaz Ali Memon was celebrating...
Birthday boy with autism celebrates with a heartwarming surprise from firefighters Holden Bridges, born with autism, almost had a sad day when no one showed up to the 7-year-old's birthday party. Holden's dad called local firefighters in Ware County, Georgia, and...
Woman gets birthday flowers from dad years after his death A Tennessee woman celebrated her birthday with a bittersweet gift from beyond the grave — flowers from her father , who died five years ago, but still managed to make...
Newborn makes for third generation with same birthday PRINCETON, N.J. — A New Jersey family won't have trouble remembering three generations of birthdays. A newborn, his mother and grandmother were all born on Nov. 19. Grandmother Clara Gregory...
4-year-olds with the same birthday think they're twins Two four-year-old best friends, Jia and Zuri, are winning the internet over with their innocent insistence that they are, in fact, twins. The two girls were attending another friend's birthday...
Major traffic hold-ups have seen traffic grind to a halt around Wigan's busiest junction today.
But council highway bosses say snarl-ups around The Saddle should ease with the end of repairs to Adam Bridge.
Today should see the final part of the junction being resurfaced - with engineering work due to be completed by 3.30pm.
The 12-week project on the bridge, over the River Douglas, was due to run from July to September.
However the scheme, which included replacing a waterproofing membrane, was pushed back.
On Monday afternoon, Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) reported that it began the year with another strong quarter.
Continue Reading Below
Subscriber growth did come in slightly below Netflix's forecast during Q1, unlike Q4, when it sailed far above management's expectations. However, the company's profitability soared. Most importantly, management continues to see a long runway ahead for revenue and earnings growth.
Growth moderates but profit soars
During the first quarter, Netflix fell shy of its subscriber growth guidance by about 5% in both the domestic and international markets. Nevertheless, Netflix hit its revenue forecast, as average revenue per user continued to rise. Meanwhile, lower-than-expected spending allowed Netflix to comfortably beat its earnings guidance.
Metric January Forecast Q1 Actual Global streaming revenue $2.52 billion $2.52 billion Operating income $239 million $257 million Domestic subscriber adds 1.50 million 1.42 million Domestic contribution profit $607 million $606 million International subscriber adds 3.70 million 3.53 million International contribution profit $16 million $43 million
Data source: Netflix Q4 2016 and Q1 2017 subscriber letters.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
For more than two years, Netflix has said it would produce “material global profits” beginning in 2017. In Q1, it gave investors a peek at what this might look like, posting record earnings per share of $0.40, up from just $0.06 a year earlier.
One major highlight of the quarter was that Netflix's international operations posted their first-ever profit. Of course, some countries, such as Canada, have been profitable for years for Netflix. Yet up until now, those profits had been more than offset by losses in newer markets.
Netflix plans to continue investing heavily to drive growth in its international markets, so profitability will remain inconsistent from quarter to quarter. That said, the days of racking up big international contribution losses have clearly ended.
Don't fear the volatility
Netflix added 4.95 million streaming subscribers last quarter, compared with 6.74 million net adds in the first quarter of 2016. However, this doesn't necessarily mark the beginning of a big slowdown in growth.
Instead, the year-over-year decrease can be attributed to two factors. The first is the timing of original-content releases. Most notably, the fifth season of House of Cards will be released on May 30, whereas the first four seasons came out in February or March.
The timing of new original content releases can impact Netflix's quarterly results. Image source: Netflix.
The second factor affecting Netflix's Q1 subscriber growth was a tough comparison in the international market. Netflix expanded to 130 new markets in early 2016, driving a brief surge in subscriber growth there.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has been urging investors to take the long view with respect to this sort of volatility. The timing of various revenue-driving events and costs will vary from year to year, but Netflix is clearly moving in the right direction no matter which business metric investors look at.
The growth plan is still on track
For the second quarter, Netflix expects to add nearly twice as many subscribers as it did in the year-earlier period, helped by a strong slate of new original content. This guidance implies that subscriber growth for the first half of 2017 will be roughly in line with what Netflix achieved in the first half of last year.
On the flip side, Netflix expects to post a 4.4% operating margin this quarter: far below its 9.7% Q1 operating margin, because of higher costs associated with its original content launches. Still, that would be well ahead of the 3.3% operating margin Netflix posted in Q2 2016 — and Netflix is still on pace to reach its 7% full-year operating margin target.
Some investors may be concerned about Netflix's muted Q1 subscriber growth. But there's really no reason to worry. Netflix continues to expand its subscriber base at a steady pace year after year. Moreover, the company's strong revenue growth is finally starting to filter through to the bottom line, launching what could be a long-term trend of margin expansion.
10 stocks we like better than Netflix
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Netflix wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Adam Levine-Weinberg has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Netflix. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The cows queuing up to milk themselves
A robotic system allows each animal to decide when it wants to be milked.
Deontay Wilder fighting for attention, shot at Anthony Joshua British boxing promoter Eddie Hearn was talking about Deontay Wilder and questioning why the WBC heavyweight champion isn't more well-known in the United States. “Deontay Wilder is a classic example...
WBC champ: 'I've got big plans' and Stiverne's not stopping me WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder isn't a happy man and he is determined to make Bermane Stiverne pay when the two meet Saturday night at Barclays Center. “Hopefully, he does...
Doping incident likely will force heavyweight bout cancellation Heavyweight boxing should be riding the wave of the sport's resurgence in 2017, but instead faith in the division is being ruined by those constantly testing positive for banned substances....
Tropical Storm Nate is expected to strengthen into a Category 1 hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico, before making landfall in the Gulf Coast. National Hurricane Center
Colorado theater shooter had homicidal thoughts: psychiatrist CENTENNIAL, Colo. — The psychiatrist who treated James Holmes before he attacked a Colorado movie theater said Tuesday that she would have called police and had him detained if she...
Theater shooter's ex: 'I didn't see a future with him' CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Their first date was a horror film festival and they grew closer after that, sharing nights together at home watching movies or playing board games with friends....
Judge in Colorado theater shooting trial dismisses 3 jurors CENTENNIAL, Colo. – Three jurors in the Colorado theater shooting trial were dismissed Tuesday amid concern they violated orders not to talk about media coverage of the case. Judge Carlos...
'Murder' notebook proves theater shooter was sane: prosecutors CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Prosecutors are methodically building a case that James Holmes knew right from wrong when he planned and carried out the deadly Colorado theater shootings, hoping to convince...
'He's dead, he's dead': Survivors relive Colorado theater shooting CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Katie Medley, nine months pregnant and crouching between the seats of a movie theater filling with tear gas, gunfire and screams, looked at her husband Caleb's bloody...
Colorado theater shooter studied neurocience to 'fix himself' CENTENNIAL, Colo. — After nearly 3 years of mystery, a clearer but conflicted portrait of James Holmes emerged from the first few hours of his trial in the Colorado theater...
Colorado theater shooter tethered to floor at trial CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Colorado theater shooter James Holmes appeared with close-cropped hair and a calm demeanor as lawyers made their final motions before Monday's opening of the trial that will...
A Wall Street broker who brawled with a Manhattan salesman at the tony New York Athletic Club – leaving him with a broken eye socket – has completed the terms...
A Manhattan salesman whose eye socket was fractured in a boozy brawl at the staid New York Athletic Club two years ago has filed a blow-by-blow account of the fisticuffs....
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump brushes 'dandruff' off 'perfect' Macron
US President Donald Trump has warned Iran of "big problems" if it resumes the nuclear programme it agreed to curb in a 2015 international accord.
Speaking at the White House where he is hosting French President Emmanuel Macron, Mr Trump called the Iran deal "a disaster" and "insane".
The US president has been threatening to reject an extension of the Obama-era nuclear pact by a 12 May deadline.
Mr Macron is in Washington lobbying Mr Trump to preserve the accord.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to visit the US capital on Friday to make a last-minute bid to dissuade Mr Trump from potentially torpedoing the Iran agreement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What French people think about Trump and Macron meeting
"It won't be so easy for them to restart," Mr Trump said in the Oval Office on Monday when a journalist asked him about the possibility of Iran relaunching its nuclear programme if the deal is scrapped.
"They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it they're going to have big problems, bigger than they've ever had before.
"And you can mark it down - they restart their nuclear programme, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before."
Mr Trump's stark warning comes a day after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani threatened "severe consequences" if the US withdraws from the nuclear deal.
Mr Rouhani did not specify what retaliatory action Tehran might take. But his Foreign Minister, Javad Zarif, has said a probable response would be to restart the enrichment of uranium - a key bomb-making ingredient.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The ups and downs of Trump and Macron
Under the agreement, Tehran agreed to mothball its nuclear programme, which it maintains was for peaceful civilian purposes, in return for an easing of economic sanctions.
Mr Trump has long complained that the accord - signed by the US, Iran, Europe, Russia, China and Germany - does nothing to halt Iran's support for militant groups in the region such as Hezbollah.
The US president is also demanding that signatories to the pact agree permanent restrictions on Iran's uranium enrichment. Under the current deal they are set to expire in 2025.
But ahead of his visit, Mr Macron told the president's favourite cable channel, Fox News, that the US should stay in the agreement as there was no "plan B".
Mr Macron is the first foreign leader to be treated to a state visit during the Trump presidency.
But the Iran deal is not the only potential bone of contention between the two world leaders.
Also on their agenda is the Paris climate accord, the US decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and planned US tariffs on EU steel and aluminium.
During the meeting, Mr Macron spoke in French and then translated into English, saying: "The Iran deal is an important issue, but we have to take a far broader picture, which is security in the overall region.
"What we want to do is to contain Iran and its presence in the region."
At one point during the meeting, Mr Trump wiped away "dandruff" from Mr Macron's shoulder.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Trump wipes away "dandruff" from Mr Macron's shoulder
"We do have a very special relationship," Mr Trump told journalists gathered in his office.
"In fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off.
"Little piece! We have to make him perfect. He is perfect."
Earlier in the day, Mr Macron and his wife were welcomed to the White House with a military ceremony and a 21-gun salute.
In welcoming remarks, Mr Trump thanked France for joining the US and Britain earlier this month in launching air strikes after an alleged chemical attack in Syria.
On Tuesday evening, the White House will host an official state dinner for the Macrons, who will dine on lamb and jambalaya, a traditional Cajun stew.
Intense cherry pink and nuances of cherry pink, transparent. Intense cherry pink and nuances of cherry pink, transparent.
Intense, clean and pleasing, starts with hints of cherry, raspberry and strawberry followed by aromas of cyclamen, plum and rose. Intense, clean and pleasing, starts with hints of cherry, raspberry and strawberry followed by aromas of cyclamen, plum and rose.
Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors, agreeable. Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors, agreeable.
Persistent finish with flavors of cherry, strawberry and raspberry. Persistent finish with flavors of cherry, strawberry and raspberry.
Aged in steel tanks. Aged in steel tanks.
We live in a golden age of Internet think pieces and open letters. But let's be real, no one has time to read all that shit. That's why we've condensed...
DOHA: Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic was the most notable winner on a day affected by rain and thunderstorms at the Qatar Open on Monday.
The Serb, a former US Open finalist, beat Bulgaria's Tsevtana Pironkova 6-1, 6-7 (6/8), 6-4 in a first round qualifier lasting two-and-a-half hours.
It is the first time Jankovic has played in qualifiers since 2004.
It was also her seventh straight victory against Pironkova.
There were also victories for Americans Christina McHale and Madison Brengle to progress to the main draw.
And later on in the day, in a rain-affected match Australian Samantha Stosur, the 2011 US Open winner, won through to the second round beating Latvia's Anastasija Sevastova 7-5, 6-4.
But overall it was a day dominated by the bad weather, with several interruptions halting play.
And with further rain and thunderstorms forecast for the week ahead in Doha, it could prove a headache for tournament organizers.
Already the top seeds, including, Angelique Kerber and Karolina Pliskova, will not play until Wednesday at the earliest, three days into a six-day tournament.
Qatar — infamous for its hot weather which has seen the 2022 football World Cup host push the tournament back to November/December that year — has been suffering relatively poor weather for the past 10 days or so.
Earlier this month the desert state recorded its lowest ever temperature, just 1.5 degrees Celsius.
A Wigan man has launched a campaign to teach youngsters about the options available to them when it comes to getting help with mental illness.
Peter Hill is organising the epic Pedal 2 Paris ride as a fund-raising campaign in memory of a close friend who took his own life.
He will set off for the French capital on July 21 to raise awarness mental health issues that affected his friend.
And ahead of the gruelling ride, the 32-year-old has been touring schools to teach youngsters about the importance of seeking help whenever mental health issues strike, with the help of the Wigan Warriors Community Foundation.
Peter said: “I've been running assemblies, in which I put out the message that it's okay to not be okay, and to reach out to the people around you if you find you are struggling.”
“I told them my story, about how I was having a great year and having some fantastic experiences, and then this mega thing (his friend's death) happened to me.”
Peter said it was important to teach young minds the vital step of understanding their own state of mind as well as others.
He said: “We give the key facts on what depression is and what mental health means.
“We have specifically spoken to Year 10s as they approached the first real pressure in their lives, of going through their GCSEs.
“We delivered the message that there's a huge network around you, without you even having to go to a charity.
“You have friends, you have teachers, but if you can't speak to them there are charities out there.”
Peter, a singer and DJ from Beech Hill, added: “The Warriors Foundation listened to my story and I told them I wanted to help integrate a more direct mental health message into their work.”
The borough has seen an alarming increase in suicide rates in recent years. Last year, a council report revealed that Wigan had a higher suicide rate than not only the North West, but the national average as well.
The borough's suicide rate of 11.3 deaths per 100,000 people eclipsed the North West average of 10.1, whereas the national figure was 8.8.
Many believe these unsettling statistics could be rooted in people's apprehension of speaking out.
Peter said: “Adults are afraid to talk about the subject. So if you speak to children in the right manner, they take the message on board early on that you can talk to people if you need help.”
For more information on Peter's ride to Paris and how to get involved or donate, visit www.petesp2p.org.
For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or go to www.samaritans.org
Rafa Benitez has backed Islam Slimani to fire Newcastle United up the Premier League table.
The experienced striker joined on loan from Leicester City this week.
And Slimani will have a fitness test ahead of tomorrow's game against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park (2,15pm).
The 29-year-old arrived at St James's Park with a thigh injury.
However, Slimani could yet make Benitez's squad for the match against the Eagles.
“He's been working with the physio,” said United's manager.
“He has a small problem with his thigh. He's trained, and I talked with him (yesterday). He's been on the pitch.
“Will he be available Sunday? It depends.
“He's pushing to be ready.”
Slimani, signed by Leicester from Sporting Lisbon for £28million in the summer of 2016, will bring Premier League experience to Benitez's attack.
The Algeria international will compete with Joselu and Dwight Gayle for a place up front.
“Obviously, we were looking for options, different options, different characteristics of players, and then players, if it was possible, with experience in the Premier League or players who are fit and scoring goals,” said Benitez.
“But then, if you cannot do that, you have to go for players who know the league and who can do well from day one.
“In this case, he came with a little bit of a problem in his thigh.”
Asked if the signing of Slimani was a risk, Benitez added: “No. He's a player that they paid, I think, £30million for him.
“I watched him in Portugal, and he did well, but he's a player that if you have (Jamie) Vardy up front and the way he as playing, it's very difficult to play ahead of him.
“But he's a player who knows the league, he's strong, he can run behind defenders, different things that we don't have.
“We have players, one can run, one can win in the air, one can be strong, but this one, maybe can do a little bit of everything.
“That's another option for me.”
Benitez has followed Slimani's career for a number of years.
“We knew about him, but when they paid £30m for him, we started thinking about other things,” said Benitez, who also signed winger Kenedy and goalkeeper Martin Dubravka in last month's transfer window.
“But then, when we heard he was available on loan, he became an option.
“He's a good signing. Clubs were pushing until the last minute, so we had to do it quickly and we had to do it well. It was not easy.
“Some players on loan you never know if they want to perform and play, but, with the World Cup, a lot of players are playing to make it there, like with Kenedy.
“With Dubravka, it was different, but it's an opportunity to come to a top side in England.”
Joselu is United's top Premier League scorer with four goals. Dwight Gayle and captain Jamaal Lascelles have both scored three times in the league, while Ayoze Perez has four goals in all competitions.
“The reality is you see teams in the bottom half of the division, and their top scorers aren't scoring too many goals. They're like us, with three or four,” said Benitez.
“If you have a top scorer with 10 or 15 goals by this stage, then you're probably well up the table.”
Slimani has scored five goals so far this season.
What Blake Lively looks like 61 pounds heavier The star revealed she's recently lost over 60 pounds, but we're wondering when she ever had it in the first place.
Blake Lively's secret to dropping 61 pounds might be her hot trainer Blake Lively dropped an impressive 61 pounds since having a baby in September 2016. “That's a lot of weight, but she's taken her time,” said Elizabeth Wagmeister. The trimmed-down “Gossip...
Blake Lively shows off 61-pound weight loss "Turns out you can't lose the 61 lbs you gained during pregnancy by just scrolling through Instagram and wondering why you don't look like all the bikini models."
Dylan Farrow calls out Cate Blanchett, Blake Lively for hypocrisy When Lively promoted the Time's Up initiative, Farrow remarked, "You worked with my abuser ... Am I a woman who matters too?"
Dylan Farrow slams Kate Winslet, Blake Lively for supporting Woody Allen "Why is it that Harvey Weinstein and other accused celebrities have been cast out by Hollywood, while Allen recently secured a multimillion-dollar distribution deal with Amazon?" she asked.
Blake Lively injured on the set of spy thriller Production of "The Rhythm Section" was suspended after the actress injured her hand.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Daily Stormer disparaged Heather Heyer after her death
Web hosting company GoDaddy has given a US neo-Nazi site 24 hours to find another provider after it disparaged a woman who died in protests in Virginia.
The Daily Stormer published a piece denigrating Heather Heyer, who was killed on Saturday after a car rammed into a crowd protesting at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville.
GoDaddy had faced calls to remove the white supremacist site as a result.
The web host said the Daily Stormer had violated its terms of service.
"We informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service," GoDaddy said in a statement on Twitter.
Previously, some web users had called on GoDaddy to remove the site - including women's rights campaigner Amy Siskind.
Violence broke out in Charlottesville, Virginia, after white supremacists organised a controversial far-right march called "Unite the Right".
Since the announcement, a blog post has appeared on the Daily Stormer, claiming the site has been hacked by Anonymous.
However, the main Twitter feed for Anonymous has said it has no confirmation that the hacker group is involved.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Web hosting giant GoDaddy has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move
"It's very unusual for a host to remove a website because they've got immunity in the US under the First Amendment," said Niri Shan, a media and freedom of speech lawyer at Taylor Wessing.
"Social media sites and those hosting content are very alive to public pressure and perception," he told the BBC.
"Now you've got politicians saying they'll intervene and legislate if they don't take more actions on the content on their sites, so I think this is part of a bigger picture."
In this May 28, 2018, photo, President Donald Trump speaks during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Va. Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents. The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014, when President Barack Obama was in office. The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Image copyright Google Maps Image caption The boy suffered injuries to his eye after the attack at the Green Bear pub in Nuneaton
An eight-year-old boy suffered injuries to his eye after reportedly being attacked by a dog, police said.
The child needed hospital treatment after the incident at on Sunday evening in the Green Bear Pub in Church Road, Nuneaton.
Warwickshire Police want help to track down the owners of the dog, possibly an American Bulldog.
Officers said its owners, a man and woman, had been at the pub for an hour and a half, but left immediately after.
PC Clayton Kelley said officers want to hear from anyone who may have seen the incident or can help identify the owners.
Miami Heat guard Dion Waiters, drives the ball against the Hornets, in the fourth quarter of the Miami Heat and Charlotte Hornets game at AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami on Wed., March 8, 2017. Pedro Portal pportal@miamiherald.com
Jailed Hollywood private eye says he has dirt on Michael Jackson "A lot of people are quaking that I'm going to disclose lots of things when I get out," Anthony Pellicano said.
Mike Ovitz settles bizarre long-running case with writer A truly weird legal battle between a Hollywood journalist and a man who was once the “most powerful” person in entertainment has been settled. Anita Busch's 14-year-old case against Michael...
Kerkorian's wiretapping lawyer serving sentence in Oregon The Hollywood lawyer convicted in 2008 in the wiretapping of Kirk Kerkorian's ex-wife, Lisa Bonder, is finally behind bars.
Hollywood private eye Anthony Pellicano to be resentenced Pellicano — who was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2008 in a wiretapping scandal — will be resentenced in the case after a federal appeals court overturned some of...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is still getting support from some legislators, despite being charged on Friday with illegally obtaining a list of donors from a charity he founded years ago.
Rep. Diane Franklin, R-Camdenton, who represents portions of Fort Leonard Wood and the Lake of the Ozarks area, said the people she's talked to in her district think Greitens is doing a good job as governor.
“I guess there's maybe a rural and city divide on a lot of issues, and this is one of them,” she said. “The folks that I represent – as I'm out and about in the rural area – that's how they feel about it.”
House Speaker Todd Richardson, R-Poplar Bluff, Senate President Pro-tem Ron Richard, R-Joplin, and several other Republican leaders have called on Greitens to resign. But Franklin is taking a wait-and-see approach and said she hasn't seen any clear-cut evidence that Greitens has done anything wrong.
“We don't have the outcome of the trial, and if we just wait we'll have the answers to these questions and then we can act appropriately.”
Late Friday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner filed another felony charge against the governor – computer tampering – based on evidence she received last week from Attorney General Josh Hawley's investigation into whether Greitens used a donor list from The Mission Continues without its permission.
Fellow Republican, Sen. Ed Emery of Lamar, is also taking a wait-and-see approach on whether Greitens should leave office. But he suggests the governor hasn't helped himself much by his public stances.
“I think probably the thing that may be hurting him the most is there doesn't seem to be much of a spirit of repentance over some of the activities [he's accused of],” Emery said. “By his own choice he did not testify to the House committee, and I don't know whether that's just the advice of his lawyers or what it was.”
State Rep. Kathie Conway, R-St. Charles, maintains that the governor should resign. She said his mounting legal problems are harming the legislature's ability to conduct business.
“The budget's still sitting in the Senate, they've got to work on that – I'm an appropriations chair, [and] there's a lot that I need to get done with that budget before we leave here,” she said. “It's the elephant in the room, and I guess I mean by that the GOP elephant in the room. This is not a witch hunt – this is the GOP, the Republicans, and the Capitol as a whole trying to police themselves and trying to do the right thing.”
Conway also thinks the controversy surrounding Greitens could harm Republican candidates running for office this fall, including the U.S. Senate contest.
“Right from the Senate race all the way down to local races, I think this is really bad for the [Republican] party,” she said.
Hawley, who has called on Greitens to resign, is hoping to challenge Democratic incumbent Claire McCaskill in November.
Greitens continues to resist calls to resign and has predicted that a jury will “prove my innocence” in next month's invasion of privacy trial. As to the computer tampering charge, he said, “when I have my day in court, I will clear my name. People will know the truth.”
Follow Marshall on Twitter:@MarshallGReport
League 1 side North Wales have called on the Rugby Football League to review the controversial Hunslet drop goal which decided Sunday's game between the two sides.
Cain Southernwood's late one-pointer, as seen in the video below, clearly fell beneath the posts and did not go through.
However, it was awarded, and meant Hunslet won 19-18 in a result which could have huge ramifications on the seasons of both sides moving forward.
And North Wales CEO Andy Moulsdale has asked for the RFL to look back at it and review it.
“We feel as a club that we owe it to the game as a whole, our fans and especially our players to call on the RFL to review the incident,” he said.
“The result has not only had an effect on ourselves but also on the race for the play-off places.
“I've been involved with rugby league a long time and I understand that referees have a very difficult job, certain decisions are open to interpretation and opinions and are they are never going to get everything right.
“However, what was witnessed on Sunday is not open to interpretation. People will argue that games are won on lost on calls every week which they are and always will be. But the magnitude of this incident is completely different in my opinion.
“This is in no way anything against Hunslet and their fans who where as bemused as us about the situation, but we have to protect our club and the game.”
The RFL have been approached for comment by TotalRL.
Steve Johnson claimed the second ATP title of his career with a 6-4 4-6 7-6 (7-5) victory over Thomaz Bellucci at the US Men's Clay Court Championship on Sunday.
Johnson was playing in his third final on a third different surface and came up against a player whose four titles have come on clay.
However, it was the fourth-seeded American who prevailed in Houston, despite losing the opening game of the first set on his own serve.
It became a recurring theme of the match that Johnson would concede the first break of the set and he proved unable to recover after losing the ninth game of the second, allowing eighth seed Bellucci to level.
However, after going 2-0 down in the decider, Johnson - whose only previous title came at last year's Nottingham Open - managed to force a tie-break.
True to form, Johnson opened by conceding a break of serve but responded with three of his own to come away with the win, wrapping up the title on the third match point.
Roma sporting director Monchi insisted the club still have hope against Liverpool thanks to its two late goals at Anfield.
The Serie A outfit suffered a 5-2 loss in the first leg of the Champions League semi-final Tuesday, but it looked set to be worse.
Roma were trailing 5-0 before an Edin Dzeko goal and Diego Perotti penalty dragged the side back into the tie.
Monchi lamented the result but said his side, who completed a comeback against Barcelona in the quarter-finals, had hope.
"It's a difficult moment, we were in form heading into this game and the result is not good," he said, via the club's website.
"But up until the final 10 minutes we were out of the competition. Now we still have some hopes, and we must take this small chance and do the same thing we did against Barcelona."
Monchi hopes his team can deliver at the Stadio Olimpico in the second leg next week.
"I always have faith in my team. It'll be difficult, we have done it once before and they will know that they cannot afford to underestimate us," he said.
"We have to have confidence and believe in it. The fans will be cheering us on – and 90 minutes at the Olimpico can be very long."
Tim Hardaway Jr. kept on shooting, and he kept on missing, giving Knicks fans John Starks flashbacks.
But Jeff Hornacek had no problem with Hardaway continuing to let it fly after his ghastly 1-for-14 performance in Friday night's loss to the Bucks. He also went 0-for-9 from 3-point range.
“You've seen over the years many times when guys had a rough night and they hit the big one at the end,” the Knicks coach said Saturday afternoon following practice. “Tim's one of our main guys, and we have great confidence in him. He's done it early in the season. He's still trying to get back from that injury. But we don't worry about that. You're going to have a couple of games like that. He'll bounce back.”
Hornacek remembered quite a few games when he couldn't throw the ball in the ocean as a player, too.
“I usually stopped after about eight [shots],” he joked. “I like the confidence in my guys. They believe that can make every shot at any time. That's the biggest key in basketball, to have confidence to take those shots.”
Since returning on Jan. 12 from a stress reaction in his lower left leg that cost him 20 games, Hardaway had been shooting the ball relatively well, until recently. He's 2-for-24 in his past two games, and 0-for-12 from 3-point range.
Even as the losses pile up, Hornacek isn't planning to change how he uses rookie Frank Ntilikina, who has played well of late, notching nine points and five assists in the loss to the Bucks. While he would like to develop Ntilikina, he also wants to win games, and believes veteran Jarrett Jack is important to do so.
“So it's a balance,” the coach said.
AOL Instant Messenger, the trailblazing chat program beloved by 90s kids and people relieved they would no longer have to get up and talk to their co-workers in person, is officially heading into retirement, the company announced Friday.
The famous yellow running man logo is saying "TTYL" and sprinting to the technology retirement community effective December 15, where it will join the likes of fellow 1990s favorites GeoCities and Ask Jeeves.
An AOL Inc. Instant Messenger inflatable logo sits in the company's headquarters in New York in 2011. Bloomberg via Getty Images
Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath, the newly formed brand encompassing Yahoo, AOL, and a portfolio of other Verizon-owned companies, praised AIM for creating a "cultural shift" but said in 2017, "the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed."
"We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world," Albers said Friday.
Related: Yahoo, AOL Joining Forces Under a New Company Called Oath
AIM was first introduced to the world in 1997 as a stand-alone download, and it quickly became a massive success, helping many 90s kids navigate the world of middle school and high school.
In many ways, it was a precursor to the social media world we know today. AIM could be used to catch up with friends, arrange group chats, and those all-important status messages served as a window into what a person was thinking, much like a tweet or a Facebook status update.
However, adoption changed as text messaging took over and newer, more mobile-friendly products came onto the market, including Google's GChat and Facebook's Messenger.
While chances are you haven't used AIM in a decade, spare a thought on this Friday for your first screen name, buddy list, and these all-too-familiar sounds.
Tony Romo is back!
Actually, he'll be back on the sideline in two weeks when the Cowboys open their Super Bowl quest as the top seed in the NFC playoffs. But on Sunday in Philadelphia, Romo was back on the field for the first time in 402 days. He completed three of his four pass attempts for 29 yards and just as quickly departed after throwing a hitch-and-go to the back-left corner of the end zone for a 3-yard touchdown pass to Terrance Williams.
The Cowboys lost to the Eagles 27-13, but after Romo's successful cameo, it would be incorrect to call it a meaningless game. That's because now the Cowboys can have more confidence that if something were to happen to rookie revelation Dak Prescott in the postseason, old No. 9 could step in and take America's Team not only to the end zone but possibly all the way.
“It was fun to go and watch because it was easy for him as it has been for his entire career,” Prescott said.
Owner Jerry Jones said he initially was worried about having Romo play behind a makeshift offensive line, as the Cowboys were missing left tackle Tyron Smith and left guard Ron Leary.
“By the time that I'd seen Dak early, I felt pretty good about the left side by the time Tony got in there,” Jones said about the performance of the line backups. “But I think it was such a positive for our team to see the depth we have now at that position.”
Dallas now is two horrible hits away from having to rely on Mark Sanchez, who threw two interceptions in his half-plus Sunday.
Romo's sample wasn't large, and he didn't prove his body is able to withstand a big hit. This preseason, he fractured a vertebra in his back. In 2015, he fractured his collarbone. In 2014, he fractured the transverse process in his back in two places. And in 2013, he suffered a herniated disc in his back. That's quite a streak of devastating injuries. Romo will be 37 when next season begins, so you have to wonder if the Broncos or Texans or Jets or some other team would be willing to make a trade with the Cowboys to get him — and then be willing to hold their breath every time he drops back to pass.
But for now, everything is good in Cowboyland as Romo has returned and brought with him some much-appreciated postseason peace of mind.
Playoff View
The Packers-Lions game was for seeding only after the Giants eliminated the Redskins earlier in the day. And from the “be careful what you wish for” department, Green Bay may have bought itself the tougher wild-card round matchup by winning the game and the NFC North crown.
The Giants will go to Lambeau having won nine of 11 since a 23-16 loss there in October. They've found a running game with Paul Perkins, and the defense has been dynamite even after Jason Pierre-Paul went down. The Lions have to make the long trip and battle the 12th Man crazies, but the Seahawks staggered home at 3-3 in the last six (with wins against the Rams and a close call over the 49ers). In recent weeks, they lost safety Earl Thomas and receiver Tyler Lockett, and Russell Wilson has been wildly inconsistent.
The Chiefs threaded the needle, winning 37-27 in San Diego while the Raiders lost 24-6 in Denver. Both teams finished 12-4, but Kansas City won the AFC West and grabbed the second seed in the postseason and earned a bye.
The Raiders, whose stars did not step up in the absence of Derek Carr, fell to the fifth seed. They will play the AFC South champion Texans next week in the wild-card round. That's a good spot for the Raiders to try to regain their footing — if indeed they have anything left after Carr's injury. Replacement Matt McGloin put up zero points and left with an injury of his own Sunday, and No. 3 man Connor Cook threw for Oakland's only touchdown.
The Texans have their own QB problems as Tom Savage left the 24-17 loss to the Titans with a concussion. Houston has a minus-49 point differential, worst among the 12 playoff teams.
Help wanted
The coaching carousel didn't wait for “Black Monday” to begin spinning furiously.
(bullet) There's a primo opening in Denver, where Super Bowl 50 champion coach Gary Kubiak told his players he is retiring for health reasons. Kubiak, 55, suffered a mini-stroke on the sidelines in 2013, when he was coaching the Texans, and missed a week this season with what the team labeled a complex migraine condition. His final act in Denver was a 24-6 victory over the Raiders that denied the Broncos' blood rivals the AFC West title and a first-round playoff bye.
“I'll address my situation [on Monday]. But I did have a really good moment with the team,” Kubiak said.
* Chip Kelly was fired by the 49ers after one 2-14 season, as was general manager Trent Baalke. Baalke acknowledged he was gone before the 49ers' 25-23 loss to the Seahawks, but Kelly coached the game and got the ax later. CBS Sports reported the 49ers are high on Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, but this is no longer one of the NFL's Cadillac jobs. The 49ers went 7-24 under Kelly and Jim Tomsula after parting ways with Jim Harbaugh, who went 44-19 from 2011-14. His three winning seasons were the only ones the franchise has had since 2002.
* The Chargers fired Mike McCoy shortly after their 37-27 loss to the Chiefs in what likely will be their final game in San Diego before a move to Los Angeles. If the Chargers want to stay with an offensive mind in charge, they reportedly could look at Steelers offensive coordinator Todd Haley or McDaniels. If they want to switch the emphasis to defense, they could be a fit for Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia or former Falcons head coach Mike Smith.
* There also will be openings with the Bills, Rams and Jaguars. Bills interim coach Anthony Lynn is in demand but said his first choice is to stay as Rex Ryan's successor. Deposed Jaguars coach Gus Bradley reportedly will be the defensive brains on a Lynn staff. Doug Marrone went 1-1 as the interim coach in Jacksonville, including his team blowing a 17-0 lead to the Colts.
The most interesting rumbling involves the Rams possibly making a trade for Sean Payton. NFL.com reported Sunday there is a “mutual interest.” Payton said “next question” when asked about that after the Saints' loss in Atlanta.
Play of the Day
The Packers led just 17-14 with 10:13 to go and had a third-and-9 from the Lions 10. Rodgers dropped back, scrambled left away from pressure, stopped, scrambled left again and threw a low dart to the back of the end zone to Geronimo Allison, who went down to get it. The 10-yard play took 11 seconds and gave Rodgers the touchdown pass title with 39. His 40th, to Devante Adams, inoculated the Packers against a late Hail Mary touchdown pass from Matthew Stafford to Anquan Boldin.
Bad Beat
You've got the Falcons minus-7 at home against the Saints, and you've got a runaway 38-13 lead early in the fourth quarter. Then Drew Brees throws a touchdown pass to Michael Thomas with 12:41 to go, and Mark Ingram scores from the 1 with 2:47 left. The Saints recover an onside kick, and Brees hits Travaris Cadet for the New Orleans cover with 39 seconds to go. Falcons win, you lose.
Post Patterns
The Browns blew leads of 14-0 early and 24-21 in overtime and lost to the Steelers 27-24. But it wasn't a total loss as owner Jimmy Haslam announced he had seen enough positive developments to bring back coach Hue Jackson and the front office. And with a 1-15 record, they clinched the first pick in the 2017 draft. The 49ers will have the second pick, to be made by whoever the new GM will be. The Bears get the third pick and Jaguars fourth. … Browns wide receiver Terrelle Pryor joined Marlon Briscoe as the only players in NFL history to have had 1,000 yards passing in one season and 1,000 yards receiving in another. … The Ravens finished at 8-8 with a 27-10 loss in Cincinnati. That gives them back-to-back non-winning seasons for the first time since 1997 and '98. … Tom Brady surpassed Dan Marino to move into fourth place all-time in passing yards with 61,582. He trails Peyton Manning (71,940), Brett Favre (71,838) and Drew Brees (65,761). Brady also tied Peyton Manning with his 51st game with three or more touchdown passes and no interceptions. The Patriots are 49-2 in those games.
Three Stars
1. Aaron Rodgers, Packers QB
Rodgers hit on 27-of-39 for 300 yards and four touchdowns in a 31-27 win over the Lions that gave the Packers the NFC North title. He finished the season with an NFL-best 40 TD passes.
2. Matt Ryan, Falcons QB
Ryan completed 27-of-36 for 331 yards and four first-half touchdowns in a 38-32 victory over the Saints as the Falcons clinched the No. 2 seed in the NFC and a first-round bye.
3. Zach Ertz, Eagles TE
Ertz caught 13 passes for 139 yards and two touchdowns in a 27-13 win over Dallas. After his second score, he handed the ball to AL MVP Mike Trout, who had gifted every Eagle a pair of Nikes.
He said what?
“He's a dirty player. He's always been a dirty player. He's going to always be a dirty player.” — Patriots RB LeGarrette Blount on Dolphins DT Ndamukong Suh. Blount ripped Suh's helmet off after a shoving match late in the Patriots' 35-14 win.
Fantasy Insanity
* If you're in a league that attaches a draft-pick value to keepers for next season, you may have struck gold with your selection of Zach Ertz, who had a 94.9 average draft position. After his disappointing two-reception, 33-yard performance in Week 16 (the real fantasy finals week), he erupted for 13 receptions (on 16 targets), 139 yards and two touchdowns. The 26-year-old finished the season with 106 targets, 78 receptions, 816 yards and four TDs in just 14 games. No matter whom Philadelphia drafts, signs, acquires in a trade or tries to elevate as its No. 1 wideout for 24-year-old quarterback Carson Wentz, the Ertz-Wentz duo looks as if it has the potential to be fantasy gold for quite some time — and it won't come at a huge cost. The Vikings' Kyle Rudolph is another solid, cheap TE option who finally put together a solid season after building a rapport with Sam Bradford.
* Improper send-off: Steve Smith is hanging it up after a brilliant 13-year career in which he amassed more than 1,000 receptions, 14,600 yards and hauled in 81 touchdowns. In his final game, the 5-foot-9 Ravens sparkplug was targeted just five times for a pedestrian three receptions and 34 yards. It's like having a goodbye party for your company's longest-tenured employee without booze, cake, streamers, noisemakers, party hats or, you know, guests. Thanks for the memories and the fantasy titles, guy!
* In a category named “Call Your Commish,” Alex Trebek will read this as an answer on “Jeopardy”: Isaiah Crowell (152 yards), Corey Grant (122 yards, TD), Rex Burkhead (119 yards, 2 TDs) were among the top five running backs. The question: What are reasons not to play fantasy in Week 17?
– Jarad Wilk
1:02 This toddler is a bigger Beatles fan than you are Two-year-old Walter is obsessed with The Beatles. One day in the car, his music-loving parents, Eli Bolin and Allison Posner, flipped through The Beatles' “1” album to see how many of the band's greatest hits Walter could name. In just two minutes, the tot correctly identified 21 songs.
0:34 A cop and a kid battle it out ... through dance Jason, a youngster in Nashville, NC, challenged local law enforcement to a dance-off. Deputy C. Williams gladly accepted the invitation, as part of the Running Man Challenge. The moment went viral after the Nash County Sheriff's Department shared the video on Facebook.
1:11 Man gets a tattoo to ask woman to marry him When Kevin Sheridan decided to propose to his longtime girlfriend, he wanted to do something that he hadn't seen done before. So he got the proposal tattooed on his back and used it to pop the question.
1:06 Teen's laptop ignites 4 times in one night A California teen was surprised when his laptop, which he wasn't using, spontaneously started smoking and eventually sparked flames. After unplugging the device and taking it outside, it ignited three more times.
0:40 Not so fast! Irish runner gets entangled in a freak accident While running the 800-meter at the Irish Universities Indoor Championships, sprinter Aengus Meldon was hit by a rogue elastic bar. It was a freak accident caused by a nearby pole vaulter. Meldon lost his lead but was granted a bye.
0:53 This pet buffalo has free range of the house After selling their herd of 52 buffaloes to pay for an eye surgery, retired ranchers Ronnie and Sherron Bridges decided to keep one calf as a pet. Now 11 years old, Wild Thing roams freely in their Texas home.
0:57 Elderly man clings to tree after being swept away by floodwaters Rodger McMurty was caught in rushing floodwaters at an intersection in Northern California. Luckily, he was spotted by a National Guard rescue team and pulled from the water.
0:46 A new birth control method even the pope would approve of Natural Cycles, a new birth control app developed by physicist Elina Berglund, uses a thermometer and your smartphone to track a woman's fertility.
0:25 Massive bar brawl erupts in Britain A gigantic brawl broke out inside a crowded English pub, which involved an estimated 100 patrons. Police were able to break up the fight, and were investigating the cause of the incident that sent at least one person to the hospital for a head wound.
Stories that pop on the big screen can fizzle when they hit the stage. For every hit like “Once” there are a dozen misfires like “Bullets Over Broadway,” the latest...
Rangers lose Kevin Shattenkirk indefinitely to torn meniscus The cloud hovering over the injury-beset Rangers has a silver lining. Because though Kevin Shattenkirk will be sidelined for an indefinite period of time following Monday's scheduled surgery to repair...
The one hope keeping Rangers from year of failed re-tooling When the Rangers traded Derek Stepan for futures within two weeks of buying out Dan Girardi in the wake of the club's disappointing second-round defeat to Ottawa last spring, “retool”...
Rangers' youth movement isn't working out how they hoped Regarding the Rangers, who, pending Sunday's results, have the best record in the NHL (11-3, .786) since Oct. 31, but remain on the outside looking in at the playoffs: 1....
Ryan McDonagh will be 'shut down' until at least Sunday RALEIGH, N.C. — The Rangers began life — at least a short stint, they hope — without Ryan McDonagh, as their captain was sidelined for his team's 6-1 victory over...
Brendan Smith's marriage with the Rangers is off to a rocky start If you look at the four-year, $17.4 million commitment Brendan Smith and the Rangers made to one another on June 28 as a kind of marriage, it is safe to...
Evaluating Rangers' Derek Stepan trade after NHL blockbuster Mika Zibanejad, whose consecutive left-circle faceoff victories against Brandon Dubinsky led directly to the Rangers' second and third, third-period power-play goals that fueled the club's impressive 5-3 victory over the...
Rangers call-up gives Vigneault his coveted four-line rotation For the first time in almost a week, Rangers coach Alain Vigneault is going to be able to use his coveted four-line rotation. At least that's the plan now that...
Henrik Lundqvist: Leg tweak the 'least of my concern' It was a bit alarming when Henrik Lundqvist did not practice Tuesday, as the franchise goaltender had said he “twisted” his leg late in the second period of his team's...
Rangers deny problems have anything to do with personnel If the Rangers are going to make a call-up from AHL Hartford soon, it's unlikely to be Filip Chytil. The 18-year-old Czech forward, who made the Rangers out of camp...
10,000 people are expected to attend a new two-day international technology conference which gets under way in Dublin today.
The Dublin Tech Summit (DTS) is being seen by many industry watchers as an attempt to fill the void left behind following the decision of the Web Summit to move its convention to Lisbon.
The DTS was announced just weeks after the Web Summit announced its shock decision in September 2015, and has been in planning ever since.
However, the company behind the event denies it is trying to replace the Web Summit, and says that the look and feel of the DTS will be different.
The event comprises talks and panel discussions from more than 200 domestic and international figures from the technology industry.
100 startups are also exhibiting, with 50 taking part in a competition for early stage companies.
There is also an exhibition space at the Convention Centre Dublin venue, as well as evening networking events.
Among the top keynote speakers are social media guru and entrepreneur, Gary Vaynerchuk, Smashing Pumpkins drummer turned businessman, Jimmy Chamberlin and advertising consultant and founder of IfWeRanTheWorld and MakeLoveNotPorn, Cindy Gallop.
A full size and functioning humanoid robot called Robothespian, built by Engineered Arts in Cornwall, will also be taking part.
Two thirds of those attending are coming from abroad, and 48% are women.
This follows a campaign by the DTS to give €400,000 worth of tickets to under-represented groups in the tech industry, including women and students.
RTÉ is a media partner of the event, and it will be possible to follow what is happening at rte.ie/dts
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: otecfmghana.com/Evans Agyei Sikapa
2017-10-06
John Peter Amewu, Minister for Lands and natural resources
Chairman of the Wassaman small scale miners Association, Mr Emmanuel Quarm has registered his displeasure at the lands and natural resources minister Hon John Peter Amewu over what he describes as abuse of his powers.
The Nana Addo led NPP government after taking over from the previous administration placed a ban on all small scale mining activities as part of their plans to regulate mining in the country and also to reclaim destroyed lands by galamsey operators.
The minister of lands who announced the ban earlier this year stated that the ban was going to last for six (6) months which after miners would be allowed to go back to their site.
Indications are that the ban on small-scale mining meant to sanitize the mining industry and curb illegal mining will be extended.
The initial six-month ban was set to end in October 2017, but the Lands and Natural Resources Minister, John Peter Amewu, has said the extension of the ban is inevitable because the moratorium had not achieved a substantial amount of its objectives.
But speaking in an interview with Otec FM's Evans Agyei Sikapa, Mr Quarm, head of the Wassaman small scale miners Association says the lands minister is overstepping his mandate.
The minister had no power to place a ban on small scale mining left alone to announce an extension,” he fumed.
He charged the lands minister to go back and study the mining laws if he has forgotten adding that, it is only parliament which has the power to place a ban on mining,” he added.
Mr Quarm explains that the Lands and Mineral resources minister can only revoke the licence of a mining company when cited for violating the mining laws as stated by section 87 of Act 703 of the Minerals and Mining Act.
According to him, their decision to comply with the ban and support government's efforts at ensuring sanity and proper regulation of the mining industry was born out of respect for the laws of the land.
He however expressed shock and disappointment at stakeholders and other learned Ghanaians as he believes they have been unfair to the mining industry over their silence on the situation.
Mr Emmanuel Quarm however warned that the association will resist and legally challenge any attempts by the Lands and natural resources minister to extend the ban on small scale mining.
A New Jersey man who racked up $56,240 in unpaid tolls was nabbed Friday trying to cross the George Washington Bridge, Port Authority cops said.
Alesandel Rodriguez, 31, allegedly drove a 2014 Toyota Camry through the ­E-ZPass toll lane without front or rear license plates.
When PA police stopped him, Rodriguez showed a temporary licence plate that had expired more than a month ago, cops said.
Police found Rodriguez had 888 toll violations. He was turned over to Teaneck police after PA cops found he had an outstanding warrant.
Image copyright Getty Images
Cookstown-based energy firm LCC increased its turnover by 45% to £853m in 2017.
Pre-tax profit at the group was £20m, down from the £21m achieved in 2016. LCC owns the Go petrol station chain as well as oil terminals and energy distribution businesses.
The company said it had won "many new customers" in the business electricity supply market over the year.
It has about 17% of the business electricity market in Northern Ireland.
Beginning as a coal merchant in 1986, LCC employs about 250 staff.
The firm is owned by the Cookstown-based Loughran family.
During the year, the shareholders shared a dividend of £400,000.
Nearly a century after women around the world began gaining the right to vote, their descendants are demanding an end to harassment and abuse, and governments and businesses are taking action. But as gender development specialist Quratulain Fatima notes, Pakistan is a troubling exception to the global trend.
Listen to all episodes from your favorite podcast app, and subscribe via Apple Podcasts, SoundCloud, or RSS Feed.
Britain's first astronaut Helen Sharman, an all-female circus, and a hanging moon inside St Wulfram's Church are planned as part of this year's Gravity Fields festival.
South Kesteven District council, which is part-funding the event, revealed some of the planned attractions to the Grantham Business Club last week.
This would be the fourth year SKDC has contributed to the blend of arts, culture, tourism and fireworks, with the Arts Council also expected to again confirm further funding.
Gravity Fields attracted 68,000 people last year, including 20,000 to the town centre on the Saturday night. SKDC says the festival generated £724,424 for the local economy, helped by those visitors, including 2,108 staying overnight.
This year's spectacular, to run from September 26 to 30, promises more than 100 events across Grantham town centre, its churches, schools and colleges, plus Woolsthorpe Manor, the birthplace of Sir Isaac Newton.
Staged to celebrate the area's links to Newton, top scientists are also expected at the popular event.
Creative Producer Simon Hollingsworth also told the meeting he was “pretty sure” Britain's first astronaut Helen Sharman will be giving a talk at The Meres centre. Other top scientists include Prof Val Gibson, Rob Iliffe and Dallas Campbell. Plans also include the all-women Exploding Circus show, a pop-up plantarium in the Guildhall, an LED light festival in front of the Guildhall, subject to funding, and a large moon hanging in St Wulfram's Church, which would also be encircled by a ‘garden of fire.' An auditorium double-decker bus will also take people around town.
A July 7 science event, including a “first teenage” market on St Peter's Hill, would also take place in Grantham to promote the September festival, which also promised workshops and other events to promote interest in science for children.
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won his first two Cup Series races this year, but isn't ready for his breakout season to end just yet. John Raoux AP
FORT MYERS, Fla. — Dave Dombrowski is not falling for Brian Cashman's hype, comparing his talented Red Sox to the Warriors.
“I heard that and it was interesting,'' Dombrowski told The Post on Tuesday as Red Sox pitchers and catchers officially worked out for the first time this spring at Fenway South. “But you know what? [The Yankees are] probably like the Cavaliers and I remember the Cavaliers beat Golden State last year. I would think they should be probably be thinking of themselves along those lines. I would think that's what they're like.''
Certainly, even though the Yankees are in a bit of a rebuilding mode and finished fourth while the Red Sox finished first in the AL East in 2016 with 93 wins, Dombrowski, the Red Sox president of baseball operations, sees the Yankees as a formidable rival. The Yankees forever remain the Evil Empire to the Red Sox.
Of Cashman's comments, Dombrowski smiled and said, “He's clever.''
At the winter meetings, after the Red Sox acquired Chris Sale in a deal that sent top prospects Yoan Moncada and Michael Kopech to the White Sox, Cashman proclaimed: “That was a big one, that's a blockbuster, that's a wow. Obviously they got a lot and gave up a lot. Boston is like the Golden State Warriors now of baseball. They got their [Kevin] Durant, their [Draymond] Green, [Klay] Thompson and [Steph] Curry. It was a big one.''
The Red Sox know they have to prove it on the field. Red Sox veteran outfielder and former Yankee Chris Young, was quick to point that out, but when asked who on the Red Sox is Steph Curry he smiled and said, “We've got a quite a few of them … but we still have to do it on the field. We have a good team, but I'm not putting us in that category right now.''
Noted second baseman Dustin Pedroia, “We can't look at any outside views of our team. We just have to focus on us and try to be the best we can be.''
Brands are making it a habit to introduce new makeup launches on runways. Aside from the iconic Pat McGrath who regularly does that, now Dior also teased something new. For their Cruise 2019 show in Chantilly, the brand's makeup artists used only products from the Backstage collection. This is a debut more affordable makeup line for the luxury label and we're here to bring you all the details. Dior's artists gave the foundation, eyeshadow palettes, makeup brushes, lip products, brow palettes a test run and every product passed with flying colors.
The Fenty effect is taking over the beauty world. Now all makeup labels are trying to expand their color range and offer more for ladies with all skin tones. The Dior Backstage collection will start off with the Face and Body Foundation available in impressive 40 shades. Peter Philips, the creative and image director of Dior makeup had a strong say in the creation of the line. For the foundation, he wanted to include 6 different undertones and a waterproof hydrating formula. In the following months, the label promises to release more colors, to satisfy the requests of customers. The word is that Daniel Martin used this exact foundation for Meghan Markle's special day. It will cost $40.
“It's a lightweight, face-and-body foundation that's easy to apply, buildable, and long-lasting with a dewy finish. We did a lot of research. We received a lot of feedback from our regions — from our local marketing teams and counter employees — about what shades they were missing, which ones were best sellers, etc. If we created a line based on all the feedback we received, we would have 400 shades, so we had to narrow it down to 40 to start off with, but there will definitely be more. We want to see what the customers say about these shades and then go from there.”- Philips said about the foundation.
The beauty line will also feature a number of brushes priced from $25 to $59. Another great thing about the launch is that Bella Hadid, Dior's makeup ambassador, designed the Backstage contour palette. One of the best releases is the Glow Face palette that includes shimmery highlighters priced at $45. The label also introduced several eye palettes with a base primer available for $49. Let's not forget brows and lips. The first product features three different pans in one, available for $35. If you are not a huge fan of lip palettes, the Backstage one ($49) will most certainly change your mind.
Now, this is what we call “luxury can be affordable”. Although all of the other Dior makeup goodies are a bit on the pricier side, you can now shop for good quality but with lower prices thanks to this line. The whole Backstage collection is already available at Dior.com. Starting from June 15, the full product range will be available in Sephora stores as well as online.
Photo Credit: Dior Makeup
NEW DELHI: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is set to cut red tape for small and medium-sized companies on Friday, as it rushes to address growing criticism of its stewardship of Asia's third-largest economy.
Modi, in a rare acknowledgment that economic sentiment had turned negative, this week defended his handling of the economy, which in the June quarter grew at an annual 5.7 percent, its slowest rate in three years.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, crucial to Modi's plans to create millions of more jobs, have been hurt by a massive tax overhaul launched in July that added layers of extra bureaucracy for firms and hit exports.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will on Friday chair a meeting of the council for the Goods and Services Tax (GST), a landmark reform which turned India's 29 states into a single customs union for the first time.
Officials with knowledge of the meeting and industry bodies said they expected the government to simplify the filing of tax returns under GST to ease the burden on smaller businesses.
Many companies also want the government to increase the size of turnover imposed before they must start filing returns.
“We are not in a denial mode that there is a problem in the SME (small and medium enterprises) sector,” said a senior lawmaker who has been working with Modi's office to combat the economic slowdown.
Ajay Sahai, head of the Federation of Indian Export Organization, said he expected the government to allow its 25,000 small and medium-sized members to file tax returns quarterly.
“The drill to file returns every month is exhausting,” he said.
While a mountain of bad loans has crimped bank lending to India's bigger companies, smaller firms have been hurt by a government move last November to stamp out “black money” — untaxed cash that oils many industries — and by GST, whose complex structure has baffled companies down the supply chain.
“Informal sources of working capital (for smaller firms) has dried up,” said Anil Bhardwaj at the Federation of Indian Micro and Small and Medium Enterprises.
He predicted that it would be another year before GST began to have a positive impact on smaller companies.
Jaitley has promised steps to boost economic growth back above 7 percent and toward the levels economists say India requires generating employment for the one million entering the workforce every month.
Modi built a reputation as an economic reformer capable of delivering jobs and wealth for an increasingly aspirational population, but slowing growth will be near the top of voter concerns in upcoming state elections.
Investment remains low. The government has hiked spending on infrastructure, but private investment has remained muted.
“It is not easy because our banking system is in deep trouble and private investment is not picking up,” the lawmaker said. “The government will have to recast all policies that will activate the public sector.”
NEW DELHI: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is set to cut red tape for small and medium-sized companies on Friday, as it rushes to address growing criticism of its stewardship of Asia's third-largest economy.
Modi, in a rare acknowledgment that economic sentiment had turned negative, this week defended his handling of the economy, which in the June quarter grew at an annual 5.7 percent, its slowest rate in three years.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, crucial to Modi's plans to create millions of more jobs, have been hurt by a massive tax overhaul launched in July that added layers of extra bureaucracy for firms and hit exports.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will on Friday chair a meeting of the council for the Goods and Services Tax (GST), a landmark reform which turned India's 29 states into a single customs union for the first time.
Officials with knowledge of the meeting and industry bodies said they expected the government to simplify the filing of tax returns under GST to ease the burden on smaller businesses.
Many companies also want the government to increase the size of turnover imposed before they must start filing returns.
“We are not in a denial mode that there is a problem in the SME (small and medium enterprises) sector,” said a senior lawmaker who has been working with Modi's office to combat the economic slowdown.
Ajay Sahai, head of the Federation of Indian Export Organization, said he expected the government to allow its 25,000 small and medium-sized members to file tax returns quarterly.
“The drill to file returns every month is exhausting,” he said.
While a mountain of bad loans has crimped bank lending to India's bigger companies, smaller firms have been hurt by a government move last November to stamp out “black money” — untaxed cash that oils many industries — and by GST, whose complex structure has baffled companies down the supply chain.
“Informal sources of working capital (for smaller firms) has dried up,” said Anil Bhardwaj at the Federation of Indian Micro and Small and Medium Enterprises.
He predicted that it would be another year before GST began to have a positive impact on smaller companies.
Jaitley has promised steps to boost economic growth back above 7 percent and toward the levels economists say India requires generating employment for the one million entering the workforce every month.
Modi built a reputation as an economic reformer capable of delivering jobs and wealth for an increasingly aspirational population, but slowing growth will be near the top of voter concerns in upcoming state elections.
Investment remains low. The government has hiked spending on infrastructure, but private investment has remained muted.
“It is not easy because our banking system is in deep trouble and private investment is not picking up,” the lawmaker said. “The government will have to recast all policies that will activate the public sector.”
Federal authorities were holding a man in custody Monday who is a domestic terrorism investigators said planned and tried to execute an anti-government bombing of an Oklahoma City bank.
Documents filed in federal district court say that Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, drove what he believed was a stolen van containing a 1,000-pound ammonium nitrate bomb early Saturday morning to an alley beside BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City.
Jerry Drake Varnell, is pictured in this undated handout photo. Oklahoma Department of Corrections / Reuters
The bomb was a fake — the result of a months-long domestic terrorism investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office for Oklahoma's Western District said in a statement. The cell phone that Varnell believed was a detonator dialed law enforcement, and the getaway driver was an undercover agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The agency had been monitoring Varnell since December, the documents say, when he began discussing plans with a confidential informant about attacking the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. “in a manner similar” to the 1995 bombing in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people and injured hundreds more.
“I'm out for blood,” Varnell wrote in a text message to the informant, the documents say. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
Later, Varnell changed his plans, saying he didn't “want to kill a bunch of people,” the documents say, adding that the agent cautioned him that such a plan could still result in death.
“You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet,” Varnell responded during one of the meetings, the documents say.
Related: Three Arrested in Bomb Plot Targeting Somalis in Kansas
Varnell lived in a trailer on his parents' property in Sayre, 130 miles east of Oklahoma City. In a June meeting with the agent, the documents say, he described himself as a believer in “Three Percenter” ideology, a group that says it promotes patriotism and love of freedom and liberty. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate groups and extremists, has described the national group as anti-government. In a statement Monday, the Three Percenters condemned Varnell's plans.
Varnell later wrote a message that he believed would be posted on Facebook and would distinguish the bank bombing from an ISIS attack. The message said the bombing was in “retaliation” for the “freedoms that have been taken away from the American people,” the documents say.
It wasn't immediately clear if Varnell had a lawyer.
In a now-deleted Facebook post, Cade Varnell, who identified himself as Jerry's brother, accused the agency of pushing him into the plot, The Oklahoman reported.
“The FBI brought him the van loaded with explosives,” the post said. “Good job America.”
Cade Varnell did not immediately respond to an interview request.
Only a few active drivers have had consistent success at Bristol Motor Speedway and will surely aim to add to their win totals this weekend.
Check out the 13 drivers with the most wins all-time at Bristol:
RacingOne ISC Archives via Getty Images
NEW YORK — A judge in New York has ruled against the makers of “Sesame Street” in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming Melissa McCarthy movie, “The Happytime Murders.”
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled Wednesday that distributor STX Productions can continue to use the tagline “No sesame. All street” in promoting the R-rated film, which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story.
Sesame Workshop sued last week, seeking to end the inclusion of the tagline in promotional materials ahead of the film's Aug. 17 release. The company argued the public would be confused and think the movie was supported by “Sesame Street.”
The judge heard oral arguments before issuing his ruling. He says Sesame Workshop didn't demonstrate that moviegoers were confused or that sponsors or parents were complaining.
Mapusa: Local MLA Kiran Kandolkar laid foundation stone of the same on Saturday in the presence of Colvale ZP Member Govind Kubal, Sirsaim ZP member Diksha Kandolkar and others.On the occasion, Kandolkar said, “This horticulture project will have different facilities for vegetable storage and a small market complex for fruits and vegetable sellers. In this complex, vegetables and fruits will be stored and later distributed to different government horticulture stores as well will be supplied to five-star hotels. This project will also create 450 jobs and the same will be given to people who have given their land for the project.”Kandolkar is the chairman of Goa Horticulture Corporation. [H]
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
BBC Sport's legendary commentator Barry Davies gives rapper Big Narstie hints and tips on what it takes to be a sports reporter.
WATCH: Barry Davies: The man, the voice, the legend on BBC One, Wednesday 4 July at 22:45 BST
Retired Vanity Fair editor photobombs Hollywood Issue It's a galaxy of stars — and also this guy. Retired Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter photobombed the mag's annual Hollywood Issue, inserting himself alongside the likes of Robert De Niro,...
How Rolling Stone staffers lived sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll When Rolling Stone was preparing to move its offices from San Francisco to New York in 1977, co-founder and editor-in-chief Jann Wenner asked one of his advertising salespeople for a...
Graydon Carter will grace Hollywood cover of Vanity Fair Graydon Carter is giving himself a farewell gift. He will appear on the cover of the Hollywood issue of Vanity Fair that hits Feb. 1. This will be his last...
Celeb shutterbug Annie Leibovitz crowns Corcoran's Pam Liebman There's a new award-winner in town. If you've ever walked into President Donald Trump's office in Trump Tower, chances are he proudly showed you the Jewish National Fund (JNF) Tree...
Patti Smith rocks Orlando Bloom shirt to 'Pirates of the Caribbean' screening When Bloom saw her at the after-party, he confirmed it was his character's shirt and said, “Hey, I've been looking for that!”
Amy Schumer reveals Pirelli calendar contribution This year's edition of the famous calendar was photographed by Annie Leibovitz and also includes Serena Williams and Yoko Ono.
Annie Leibovitz opens up about Caitlyn Jenner's magazine cover SAN FRANCISCO — Veteran celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz offered some dramatic insights into the two-day shoot that resulted in one of the most buzzed-about covers in Vanity Fair history —...
Annie Leibovitz shoots Amy Schumer, Yoko Ono for Pirelli calendar The legendary portrait photographer partnered with Pirelli tires to photograph "women who have achieved something" for the company's annual calendar.
JPMorgan spokesperson Mary Jane Rogers said the bank has decided to impose a restriction on crypto purchases, because it doesn't want to deal with the risks associated with it. In addition to the difficulties of keeping an eye on purchases -- something they're required to do -- associated with crypto-coins, there's also always the risk of somebody buying more than they can afford to pay. In addition, identity thieves could use stolen credit cards to buy cryptocurrency, and banks have little chance (if any) to get that money back.
These banks aren't the only financial institutions backing away from anything associated with crypto. Capital One Financial and Discover also don't allow cryptocurrency purchases with their credit cards. Discover chief David Nelms even described people using virtual coins as "crooks... trying to get money out of China or wherever." A Coinbase staff member has also revealed in a Reddit post that major credit card networks and providers recently changed the terms of digital currency purchases. The new terms allow them to treat those purchases as a cash advance, which carries additional charges and have higher interest rates.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
More Videos 0:21 Charlotte police shoot, kill man who had his hands raised Pause 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" 1:07 Hornets and Lowe's dedicate basketball court at Tuckaseegee Park 0:43 Body cam footage shows views from Charlotte officers who shot man with hands raised 1:22 Charlotte's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith: Back to Basics 1:21 AG Josh Stein discusses the closing of the Charlotte School of Law 2:32 Candlelight vigil for Rueben Galindo 3:52 Synced 911 call, body cam reveal final moments in real time of Charlotte police killing man with hands raised 3:03 911 call audio: You hear her tell him to put the gun down. Seconds after police arrive - gunshots. 3:46 Observer's Jourdan Rodrigue answers fans' questions about the Carolina Panthers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
A look at Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s career in NASCAR After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver. After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver.
After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver.
It would seem to be a case of now or never for Pádraig Harrington in the year 2020 as he looks to skipper Europe in the Ryder Cup.
The owner of Adare Manor, JP McManus, confirmed last Friday that the resort in Limerick will be seeking to stage the Ryder Cup in 2026.
That staging, however, would in Harrington's mind be too late in his career to take on the captaincy.
Speaking to RTÉ Sport, the three-time major winner said: "I'd love to be Ryder Cup captain one day. I think it would be risky to wait until 2026 to put my name in the hat.
Let the Ryder Cup captaincy games begin!
Lee Westwood in 2016: "2020 is definitely on my radar. I'll be putting my name in the ring for sure."
Padraig Harrington today: ⬇️👀https://t.co/sekb6jmmH2 — Martin Inglis (@MInglisbunkered) April 24, 2018
"We have a number of good European players who will be looking for that job in '26. The more names in the hat, the more risk you have of not getting it.
"It would be a long time to wait and I'll be getting a little bit older and not necessarily in with the younger guys."
As for two years' time in Whistling Straits, Harrington added: "I'm getting to an age that I need to do it reasonably soon. I think the powers that be would like me to do it in the US based on the fact that I have a high profile there.
I know myself and Lee Westwood will be in the hat. There are five people who will decide and you have to make sure your name is in the hat."
Duggar father-in-law defends Josh amid molestation scandal Michael Seewald, Jessa Duggar's new father-in-law, is standing by Josh Duggar during his recent molestation scandal.
Jessa Duggar pregnant with her first child The 22-year-old "19 Kids and Counting" star and new husband Ben Seewald are expecting their first child.
Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar copy daughter's steamy smooch "This year marks 30 years of marriage, and they're still in that 'honeymoon' stage," read the caption to Jim Bob and Michelle's photo.
Jessa Duggar shares intimate lip-lock photo Just days after her wedding to Ben Seewald, the 22-year-old reality star posted a PDA-filled picture to Instagram.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Three dozen Macon police officers were sworn in as Bibb County sheriff's deputies on Nov. 6, 2013, in advance of the consolidation of the departments on Jan. 1, 2014. Officer Jayson Kenneth Randle also swore to uphold the law on that day. On Aug. 12, 2017, Randle was arrested in Houston County on family violence charges of aggravated assault and simple battery. His future with the department was uncertain.
Eating low carbon You don't have to go vegetarian to drastically reduce your emissions
By: Melanie Yin
Typical discussions about the environment tend to talk a lot about how terrible cars are for the environment, but we don't talk a whole lot about food. However, the transportation sector makes up 14 per cent of greenhouse gas emissions, while food makes up a third of all emissions. Here are some tips to reduce your impact.
1. Eat less red meat and cheese
The production of red meat causes four times more greenhouse gas emissions than an equivalent amount of chicken or fish on average. Per kilogram of food:
Beef is estimated to produce 15 to 32.3 kilograms of CO 2
Cheese produces 8.8 kilograms of CO 2
Chicken produces 4.6 to 6.7 kilograms of CO 2
Mayonnaise produces 2.0 kilograms of CO 2
Fruits and veggies produces approximately 0.1 to 3.3 kilograms of CO 2
As you can see, beef and cheese are by far the worst offenders. This is mostly because milk-bearing animals emit a lot of methane. All the wastes excreted by cows and other byproducts in the industry significantly impact our environment.
2. But don't become anemic
If you choose to reduce your red meat consumption, an important note to consider is that cutting down on meat can lead to a lack of iron and protein and potentially cause anemia. However, it can be easy to compensate with tofu, pumpkin seeds, beans, lentils and nuts. Some plant proteins don't have all the essential amino acids, so be sure to have a good mix of foods to get everything your body needs.
3. Air Fr(e)ight
Anything flown, even for a short distance, has a larger carbon footprint than food that is transported on land. Fresh fish that isn't local is often air-freighted. For example, salmon that is flown in an airplane from British Columbia to be labeled fresh on your restaurant table 48 hours later is much worse for the environment than flash-frozen salmon that is transported by truck. Furthermore, fresh fish and properly stored frozen fish are indistinguishable in taste.
4. Sometimes buy local
While it is true that transporting food is costly for the environment, it's important to keep in mind that there's not much you can grow efficiently in Ontario in the winter months. If you're buying local tomatoes in the middle of the winter, the only explanation is that it was grown in a greenhouse. Heating up greenhouses is more costly for the environment than some methods of shipment from a warmer climate. That's why it's important to buy local, but also seasonal.
In Ontario in the winter, your best bets for local fresh foods with lower environmental impact are beets, carrots, cabbage, parsnips, mushrooms, potatoes and squash. The Hamilton Farmers' Market, downtown at James and York, is only a 20-minute bus ride from campus and features excellent local food with a 4.5 star average rating on Google reviews. Mac Bread Bin also has you covered with a monthly box of fresh, local and seasonal produce you can pick up each month on campus for $12.
Keep in mind that while buying local is a decent rule of thumb, actual carbon output can vary wildly. For example, a Lincoln University study found that because of differences in their pastures and farming processes, New Zealand raised lamb imported to the UK had a lighter carbon footprint, 688 kilograms per tonne, than UK-raised lamb, 2,849 kilograms per tonne.
If you're buying out of season fruits, consider buying them frozen. Freezing fruits when they're in season is much better for the environment than growing them out of season as the latter requires more fertilizers and greenhouses. Furthermore, frozen fruits are often cheaper and the freezing process helps retain nutritional value.
5. Stop throwing food out
Seeing MUSC trashcans overflowing with half eaten Pizza Pizza never ceases to leave me horrified. About 40 per cent of food in Canada each year is thrown out. Not only is the food itself lost, but the energy and water spent transporting and growing the foods is wasted. Overripe fruits can be made into smoothies and mushy bananas can be baked into bread.
If you're at a restaurant and don't finish your food, get a takeout container and bring it home. The environmental damage from the wasted food far outweighs the environmental damage from the container. McMaster's green container program is a good first step for local takeaway habits. $5 gets you reusable eco-takeout containers for life on campus.
Remember, eating low carbon isn't like diet plans that are all or nothing. When thinking about going greener, small changes to your diet can have a big impact.
Comments
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Image copyright Google Image caption The attack happened at the Mill Green area in Dumfries
Police have said an attack on three foreign students in Dumfries "reflects badly" on the town.
The group - who had been assisting at the Youth Beatz festival at the weekend - were assaulted in the Mill Green area at about 23:00 on Monday.
Police said two youths were involved in an argument with the three Duke of Edinburgh Awards students.
They subsequently attacked the trio before making off from the area. An appeal for witnesses has been made.
First assailant
Police said the "main instigator" of the attack was 5ft 7in tall and had a skinny build.
He was wearing an orange t-shirt, possibly sleeveless, and black denim shorts or jeans and was drinking from a bottle of beer.
The second youth was about 5ft 6in tall, of medium build and was wearing a black hat and sunglasses and was aged about 15.
Police said he had tried to calm the first assailant down.
"This incident reflects badly on the town and police are keen to identify those responsible and bring them to justice," a spokesman said.
Tiger Woods has cancelled a press conference ahead of the Genesis Open as he continues to struggle with the back spasms which forced his withdrawal from the event.
Woods had been due to speak to the media on Tuesday as the tournament benefits his foundation, but initially postponed the press conference at Riviera Country Club by 24 hours.
Tournament organisers then announced late on Tuesday evening that Woods has been "advised by doctors to limit all activities" as he tries to recover from the spasms which saw his latest comeback aborted earlier this month.
"This is more precautionary," Woods's agent Mark Steinberg told ESPN.com. "This isn't about him not doing a press conference. What is going to be accomplished? What is he going to say? That he hopes his back spasms calm down.
"This is about the Genesis Open, the Tiger Woods Foundation and supporting Hyundai and his foundation. He is doing all he can without having to get up and move around all that much so that he can put himself in the best position to recover.
"He is just having a hard time getting these spasms to calm down. And he's working on that on an hourly basis. He's got personnel working with him to help pacify that."
"Tiger remains pretty confident in the fact that these spasms are something he knows will calm down"
Woods insisted he had not been in pain after an opening 77 in the Omega Dubai Desert Classic, but pulled out of what was just his third event since August 2015 before the second round.
Steinberg said at the time Woods was pleased it was a spasm, rather than the nerve pain caused by a back injury which required three operations in the space of 19 months.
However, a week later Woods also pulled out of the Genesis Open and Honda Classic and no date has been set for the 14-time major winner's return to action.
In his first 322 starts as a professional, Woods withdrew from just five events. In his last 19 starts, he has withdrawn four times.
When it was suggested to Steinberg that the long-term prospects look bleak, he added: "To the outside world, it's up to you to draw that conclusion.
"Tiger remains pretty confident in the fact that these spasms are something he knows will calm down. He's just working around the clock to make that happen.
"He's got an intense dedication to get back to the point where he can be out there practising and in public and working toward his goal."
Image copyright Getty Images
"We would never have lived down the conspiracy theories."
Tarell Alvin McCraney is reflecting on so-called envelopegate one year on - the mix-up that led to the wrong film, La La Land, initially being named best picture at last year's Oscars.
The playwright says that now, with hindsight, he's glad things transpired as they did, with two groups of cast and crew taking to the stage to pick up the Academy Award.
"Imagine if before they had made the announcement from the incorrect envelope, the presenters realised it was a mistake, stopped and said, 'No, we have the wrong envelope… hold on'.
"And then made everyone wait five minutes (which really feels like an hour on live TV) for them to get the right envelope and then announce who had won best picture. We probably would have never lived down the conspiracy theories.
"Thankfully it didn't happen that way but I was still shocked and surprised and happy and confused as everyone watching at home and at the event."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption McCraney, in a white suit, reacting to hearing Moonlight had won best picture
Videos of the moment it became clear the wrong film had been announced are excruciatingly awkward to watch.
You see McCraney's face as the cast and crew make their way to the stage at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles - confused at first, then shell-shocked.
"I think there are a few clips on YouTube where you can see my reaction as it happened," he says.
Envelope mishaps aside, McCraney had plenty to celebrate on the night.
He had already picked up the best adapted screenplay Oscar, along with Moonlight's director Barry Jenkins, for In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue - the play the film was based on.
Which takes us on to this year's Oscars, taking place on 4 March. It turns out McCraney is a big fan of one British actor in particular.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Daniel Kaluuya is tipped for an Oscar win by McCraney, for Get Out
"Sadly, I haven't had a moment to see the films nominated for best picture," he says. "But Daniel Kaluuya is nominated for best actor for his role in Get Out.
"I hope everyone in the UK is as excited about that as I am! I saw him in Sucker Punch at the Royal Court a few years ago and ...wow. Huge congrats to him."
McCraney has been back in the UK himself for the revival of The Brothers Size at London's Young Vic.
It was 10 years ago that it was first staged, at the same venue. Not much has been changed on the play itself in that time he says - despite much changing for McCraney.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption McCraney and Barry Jenkins with their Oscars for best adapted sceenplay
The Brothers Size tells the story of Ogun and Oshooshi Size - the two brothers of the title - and Oshoosi's former cellmate Elegba.
They pace the stage, which is bare but for a chalk circle they draw at the start of the 90-minute play - as well as setting out the stage, they also read out the directions, dance and sing.
It's had four and five-star reviews - The Guardian calling it "magical and mysterious", The Times describing it as "bewitching" and the Evening Standard saying it "combines urgently rhythmic dialogue with the lingering strangeness of a dream".
Image copyright Marc Brenner Image caption The Brothers Size - Ogun, played by Sope Dirisu, and Oshoosi, played by Jonathan Ajayi
"The feeling of nowness is more powerful than nostalgia," he explains. "It doesn't feel like it's been 10 years.
"It feels like we worked on a play before and now we are coming back to do some vital work - telling stories that we feel are urgent.
"The building is more alive with this play in a way that I have never seen. It's thrilling."
'Oppression continues'
That urgent story he is telling is about reconciliation and release as well as the bonds between brothers, be it of blood or of friendship.
It has echoes of Yoruba mythology - including Ogun being named after the Yoruba god of hard work - and bad dreams suffered by his younger brother as he struggles to adjust to life outside his prison cell resonate throughout the play.
Set in Louisiana - in a time that's never explicitly mentioned in the script - so how is it relevant to London today? In many ways, says McCraney.
Image copyright Marc Brenner Image caption Anthony Welsh (Elegba), Jonathan Ajayi (Oshoosi) and Sope Dirisu (Ogun) in The Brothers Size
"The oppression of people of colour continues," he says. "The prison and rehabilitation process is deeply flawed.
"We know more of that now than we did 10 years ago."
While his first play, it's now the second - chronologically, in terms of the narrative - in his Brother/Sister plays trilogy, along with In The Red and Brown Water and Marcus; Or the Secret of Sweet.
And it's just been announced that McCraney is making his Broadway debut with Choir Boy, early next year.
"I really enjoy the play and have always wanted to revisit it with a deeper lens," he says. "The Brothers Size was a piece that I never wanted to undo or tinker with, it's play, like In the Red and Brown Water, where I am constantly discovering more about it the more I allow collaborators to bring their ideas to the writing."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption "I count it all as joy" says McCraney
As for now? McCraney is mostly teaching - as well as learning from his own students, he says.
"I really enjoy it," he says.
Asked how Moonlight's success has changed things for him, he says: "It hasn't changed a great deal. I still teach, I still write.
"People ask me more questions about award ceremonies, but I count it all as joy."
The Brothers Size is on at the Young Vic until 14 February
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Video
Driverless cars could soon be able to deliver parcels to people's homes, says William Sachiti, founder of Kargo, a robotics company formed at Aberystwyth University.
Economy Secretary Ken Skates has said such vehicles could be tested on new roads in Wales during their construction, with a view to developing designated lanes for them in future.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Hey, Mr. President: lay off Jeff Sessions! President Trump is doing himself no favors with his non-stop public humiliation and belittling of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The prez this week launched his latest Twitter broadside against Sessions,...
Jeff Sessions' real punishment: He's not going anywhere Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been attacked and belittled by President Trump more than Vladimir Putin has. Trump has had rough patches with most of his top officials at one...
Contreras-Sweet bid for Weinstein Co. could be revived The $500 million bid by the group headed by Maria Contreras-Sweet to buy the embattled Weinstein Company could be getting resuscitated — despite a sweeping lawsuit filed Sunday by NY...
Eric Holder says he's considering a run for the White House Eric Holder, former President Barack Obama's attorney general, confirmed Wednesday that he's considering throwing his hat in the ring for the 2020 presidential race. “We'll see,” he said during a...
AG reaches settlement with shady-real estate group over nursing home sales State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on Friday announced a settlement with a shady real-estate group that bought city nursing homes and flipped them to developers who sought to convert them...
Attorney general candidate: Vote for me because I don't have a penis A woman running for attorney general in Michigan has released a cheeky new ad encouraging voters to support the candidate “who doesn't have a penis.” Capitalizing on the recent torrent...
Jeff Sessions continues to prove he's Trump's biggest mistake Jeff Sessions is a man in search of a banana peel. When he can't find one to step on, he supplies his own. Sessions is not a bad man, but...
State AGs ready to sue Trump over health care subsidies New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said late Thursday that he and other AGs are ready to sue President Trump to defend the subsidies that help Americans obtain health insurance....
Michael Grimm says his prison stint got Loretta Lynch her job Michael Grimm, Staten Island's ex-con ex-congressman, says that his stint in jail got Loretta Lynch her job as U. S. Attorney General. The admitted tax cheat accused Lynch — the...
Shea Patterson announces intent to transfer to Michigan
Ole Miss quarterback Shea Patterson announced Monday he is transferring to Michigan to continue his college career.
Patterson shared a note on Twitter confirming the news after visiting the campus for an official visit over the weekend.
Patterson, the top-ranked quarterback in the 2016 recruiting class, is a nice get for Michigan. It doesn't come as a huge surprise, as he never really considered any other schools, and he'll have the opportunity to play right away given the issues the Wolverines have had at quarterback.
It is unclear if Patterson will be able to play right away for the Wolverines. He would have to get an NCAA waiver, but that may not be particularly difficult given the sanctions hitting the program. If he isn't forced to sit out a year, he'll likely compete with sophomore Brandon Peters for the starting role.
Vice President Mike Pence waves as he arrives for an America First Policies Event, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Pittsburgh. Keith Srakocic AP Photo
Photo
The New Yorker said Monday that it had fired Ryan Lizza, the magazine's Washington correspondent, after it said he had engaged in what it called “improper sexual conduct,” a charge that Mr. Lizza denied.
“The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct,” a spokeswoman said in a statement. “We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further.”
But Mr. Lizza rejected The New Yorker's characterization of events. In a statement, he said the company's decision to fire him “was made hastily and without a full investigation of the relevant facts” and “was a terrible mistake.”
“I am dismayed that The New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate,” he said via email. “The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Lizza has long been a fixture of the Washington press corps, serving as The New Yorker's correspondent in the capital from 2007 to 2017 after nearly a decade at The New Republic. His last piece for The New Yorker was published on Nov. 24, according to the magazine's website.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The episode was the latest in a rapid-fire string of sexual harassment scandals that has led to the firing, resignation or suspension of powerful men in a number of industries after a New York Times investigation into accusations of sexual harassment and abuse by the Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein.
It is hard to believe anyone could be under the radar in an NBA Finals that features two teams that will face off for a fourth straight year.
However, there are two players who will have key effects on games that could mean wins for the Cleveland Cavaliers or the Golden State Warriors.
They may not score in double digits every night or even grab five to eight rebounds, but what these two players will do could sway the series one way or the other.
1. Golden State Warriors: Jordan Bell. During the offseason, LeBron James made an example of Bell in a pickup basketball game. But when that happened, Draymond Green, who was playing in the game as well, took the soon-to-be rookie aside and made a point after James hit a fadeaway in Bell's face making him look silly.
"Draymond was on my team, and he was just like, 'Look, you can't do anything about that. Just worry about the next play'. But he also said if LeBron is taking those types of shots, that's what we want because we're going to make more threes than he makes twos," Bell told NBC Sports Bay Area.
The Warriors picked up Bell for a specific reason. He is the type of forward who can defend and rebound and match up with multiple positions on the floor. He can match up with James. He will not be able to stop him, but his energy will have an effect on James. If the Warriors can get James tired, they will have an even better chance of winning this series.
Bell, along with Kevon Looney, will be on James throughout the series. They will annoy the man as much as they can, and in the process, they will save Klay Thompson and Green a foul or two. That will be what they will try to do. We will see how long they stick with it.
2. Cleveland Cavaliers: Larry Nance Jr. One of the Warriors' biggest annoyances during the Western Conference finals was P.J. Tucker. The former Toronto Raptors forward was all over the glass for much of the series, and his offensive rebounding gave the Houston Rockets numerous second chances. In fact, their offensive rebounding was key to a couple of wins down the stretch. The Warriors went 2-2 in the series when they were outrebounded on the offensive end.
Larry Nance Jr. will play a similar role on the boards off the bench, especially if Kevin Love is unable to go in game one. Nance went five for five from the floor (much of which came off offensive rebounding) in Love's absence in game six of the Eastern Conference finals and will likely get some time in the NBA Finals.
If he can get some rebounds that lead to second-chance points, the Cavaliers will have more chances at three-pointers that they must hit if they hope to win this series.
By Radio.com Staff
Cash Money is facing a new lawsuit alleging missing profits from Drake's first six albums.
Related: Drake, Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
According to documents reviewed by Billboard, Aspire Music Group filed the suit against Cash Money co-owners Bryan “Birdman” Williams and Ronald “Slim” Williams today (April 17) in Manhattan.
Aspire alleges their deal with Cash Money was for one-third of the net royalties on Drake's first six albums and that with the exception of small advances, they have not been paid. They also claim that monthly accounting was sporadic, and eventually stopped. Aspire requested that the court supervises a full review of Cash Money's finances to determine the amount they are owed.
Paramedics, background center, attend a wounded man after a shooting broke out in Macerata, Italy, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Italian police arrested a lone gunman in a series of drive-by shootings targeting foreigners Saturday morning that paralyzed a small central Italian city still reeling from the gruesome murder of a young Italian woman allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant. ANSA via AP Guido Picchio
The GBI investigated a woman's claims she was sexually assaulted by a Bibb sheriff's deptuy at the Macon Inn on Dec. 3. Woody Marshall Telegraph file photo
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, manager Dave Martinez said. ... OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. ... Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched his rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, his first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after his wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors, Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995. He hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent his entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted his pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at his locker. "Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.," Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks his eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
A federal judge says an upscale New Jersey town violated anti-discrimination laws by insisting that a proposed mosque have more parking spaces than churches or synagogues.
The judge on Saturday ruled that Bernards Township violated the Religious Land Use and Institutional Persons Act by applying a different standard to Muslims.
He said the township's planning board had “unbridled and unconstitutional discretion” due to its vague parking requirements.
The Islamic Society's application to build the mosque was denied after more than three years and 39 public hearings. The group sued the township in March.
The mosque's attorney, Adeel Mangi, called the decision a “landmark ruling.”
NJ.com reports township officials say they “vehemently” disagree with the decision and will decide how to proceed after the township's attorneys study it.
Other information that some of the apps transmitted included names, phone numbers, email addresses and serial numbers or other codes that could be used to identify the device. Even if the data gathered only contained a string of numbers and letters as part of an identification code, tracking companies could partner with third-party data brokers to connect that code with other slices of information collected — and form a complete user profile to deliver targeted advertising.
"There's no way for the average consumer to tell an app can do this," Egelman told NBC News. The solution? "Don't use apps," said Egelman. Instead, it's up to regulators to get involved, he said.
Each app had been installed by users more than 750,000 times on average, the researchers wrote.
Whereas Apple iOS users do have a function where they can "reset" the advertising identification token by digging into their settings (Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Reset Advertising Identifier -> Reset Identifer), Egelman said the Android system has more persistent identifiers that can't be changed.
His group is maintaining a website where parents can research kids apps and see whether and what kind of privacy issues they may have, Appcensus.mobi.
In a statement, Google said it's taking the researchers' report "very seriously and looking into their findings." The company said "Protecting kids and families is a top priority" and promised to "take action" on any app that violates its policies.
Reached for comment, a Disney spokesperson told NBC News, "Protecting children's online privacy is very important to us and we are confident that our practices adhere to the law. We have a robust COPPA compliance program, and we maintain strict data collection and use policies for Disney apps created for children and families."
TinyLab CEO Jonas Abromaitis said in a statement that "we are not violating COPPA in any way as far as we know," and said his company's apps ask users for their birthdate before playing and doesn't collect personnel information for users who say they're under 13.
Guy Tomer, the Chief Operating Officer of Tap Table said "we are looking into this matter further and if we find anything of concern we will take appropriate action if necessary."
Yousician didn't immediately provide a comment upon request.
Arthur Miller's daughter Rebecca debuting documentary on the playwright He wrote multi-award beauties like “The Crucible,” “Death of a Salesman,” “A View From the Bridge” and “All My Sons.”
Michael Moore was mugged in NYC as a teen — but he still loves Broadway Put aside the politics, the polemics and the president. Michael Moore, nestled into a booth at a bar in the theater district, wants to talk about something else: his lifelong...
Wanna live in a windmill? Forget the private jets and the tycoons in their Orlebar Browns. Long before the East End was a playground for the rich and famous, hardy farmers cultivated potatoes, corn and...
Saoirse Ronan stars in Broadway's overly spooky 'Crucible' Riding high on an Oscar nomination for “Brooklyn,” Saoirse Ronan is the poster child of Broadway's “The Crucible.” Literally: A close-up of her face is on the show's posters and...
Stars pay tribute to Arthur Miller His daughter Rebecca, Daniel Day-Lewis, Andrew Cuomo and Sandra Lee were among guests at the centennial celebration.
Jake Gyllenhaal joins starry Arthur Miller celebration The famed "Death of a Salesman" playwright is being remembered 100 years after his birth.
SAN FRANCISCO — Uber's board of directors voted on Tuesday for new measures that will reshape the company's power structure, stripping early investors, including ex-Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, of some of their influence.
In addition to the corporate governance changes, which will eventually see all shareholders receiving one vote per share of stock they own, regardless of the class, Uber also chose to move forward with an investment from the Japanese telecommunications firm SoftBank.
The decisions were made relatively quickly for a board that has at times been divided. Two new members, former Xerox Chief Executive Ursula Burns and former Merrill Lynch Chief Executive John Thain, joined the meeting Tuesday to round out the 11-member group.
Related: Can Companies Like Uber, Equifax Find Redemption After Scandals?
"Today, after welcoming its new directors Ursula Burns and John Thain, the Board voted unanimously to move forward with the proposed investment by SoftBank and with governance changes that would strengthen its independence and ensure equality among all shareholders," Uber's board said in a statement. "SoftBank's interest is an incredible vote of confidence in Uber's business and long-term potential, and we look forward to finalizing the investment in the coming weeks."
In a statement issued by his representative, Kalanick said the board's unanimous vote marked "a major step forward in Uber's journey to becoming a world class public company."
"We approved moving forward with the Softbank transaction and reached unanimous agreement on a new governance framework that will serve Uber well," he said.
Last week, in an unexpected move, Kalanick used his right to fill two vacant board seats with Burns and Thain.
The two new appointments came as a "complete surprise" to Uber and the board of directors, and were a "highly unusual" move, according to an internal letter from new Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi to employees obtained by Recode.
"That is precisely why we are working to put in place world-class governance to ensure that we are building a company every employee and shareholder can be proud of," Uber said in a statement.
Kalanick's right to fill those seats is being challenged in a lawsuit filed by Benchmark, an early investor that owns 13 percent of Uber. Benchmark, which wants Kalanick off the board, alleges that he "fraudulently" obtained the power in 2016 to name three additional members to the company's board of directors. After Kalanick resigned in June, he appointed himself to one of those seats.
A source familiar with Kalanick's thinking said he didn't intend to fill the seats until the legal matter, which is in arbitration, was completed. However, after corporate governance proposals were presented last week, he decided to exercise his right to appoint Burns and Thain.
Benchmark said it never would have granted Kalanick control over the additional seats had it been aware of the "gross mismanagement of Uber and several other significant matters," according to the complaint.
The board meeting comes as Uber's new chief executive met with a London transport official, trying to persuade the city to reverse a decision to not renew Uber's license.
Transport for London said in a statement last month that "Uber's approach and conduct demonstrate a lack of corporate responsibility in relation to a number of issues which have potential public safety and security implications."
Dara Khosrowshahi attends the Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference in Sun Valley, Idaho on July 13, 2012. Paul Sakuma / AP file
In London, Khosrowshahi, who apologized last month for the company's mistakes, struck a hopeful tone that Uber and London could strike a deal.
Great meetings in London, including w some of the drivers who rely on our app. Determined to make things right in this great city! pic.twitter.com/QLgqon30yT — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) October 3, 2017
After meeting with the transport commissioner, Khosrowshahi also spent time speaking with drivers who rely on Uber to make their livings. As Uber goes through the appeals process, the company's 40,000 drivers will be able to continue operating in the city.
The meeting also came as Jo Bertram, head of Uber's Northern Europe markets, announced that she is leaving the company. Her departure wasn't related to the London license issue, according to reports.
Reasons for Lane Kiffin's exit emerge
Alabama announced the surprising news on Monday that Lane Kiffin would not serve as offensive coordinator for the Crimson Tide during the National Championship Game and instead Steve Sarkisian will take his spot.
No specific reason(s) was given for the oddly timed exit, but there is some speculation and information about what led to the dismissal.
ESPN's Brett McMurphy says that Kiffin being late to meetings, being left behind at media day, and his public comments about being chewed out contributed to the move.
Late to meetings, getting left behind at media day, public “ass-chewing” comments contributed to Lane Kiffin's exit, sources told @ESPN — Brett McMurphy (@McMurphyESPN) January 2, 2017
Those are factors reported by McMurphy, but there were probably more reasons than that.
It's our personal speculation that a few other things contributed to the decision.
One, Kiffin's playcalling in the playoff game against Washington on Saturday was questionable. It was clear to nearly everyone watching that running back Bo Scarbrough, who finished with 180 yards and two touchdowns, was unstoppable. Yet Kiffin only gave him 19 carries.
On top of his questionable playcalling in the semifinal game, Kiffin finally had a chance to really have his voice heard in a featured story published by Sports Illustrated last week. Rather than strictly focus on how grateful he was for his chance at Alabama and his next opportunity at Florida Atlantic, Kiffin trashed Alabama a few times.
Take a look at this section of the article in which Kiffin complains about early daily meetings and compares being in Alabama to living in dog years.
Kiffin doesn't pretend that he enjoyed every moment working at Alabama, as he mentions daily 7:30 a.m. staff meetings like he was forced to drink sour milk. He felt isolated in Tuscaloosa; his family didn't move there, and his profile didn't allow him to go anywhere socially. “This will come across wrong,” he says. “But it's like dog years. Three years is like 21.”
He also pointed out how at Alabama they have psychologists who evaluate and identify personality types on the coaching staff in order to help staff members work together the best. Kiffin said he was labeled a conceptual thinker and seemed to boast about how much of a visionary he is, compared to the rest of the Tide's coaches, who are boring, structural guys. It was just another way of showing how he doesn't fit in.
Rather than just keep quiet and remain grateful, you get the sense that Kiffin, who was mostly shielded from the media during his three years at Alabama, finally got a chance to speak his mind again and let out with everything he's kept bottled up for years. That probably accelerated his exit from Tuscaloosa. And now he has left yet another job in controversial fashion, confirming why Houston did not hire him for their job.
“People keep asking me when I'm retiring,” he said in a press release. “This will be my final world tour, but I can't say I won't do some shows here...
Image caption Married couple Derek Jessop and his wife Malee Kadram deny all the charges
A married couple have gone on trial accused of historical sex offences against children over several decades.
Derek Jessop, 74, is accused of 10 indecent assaults, one attempted rape and three rapes, a jury at Preston Crown Court heard.
His wife Malee Kadram, 39, is accused of indecency with a child and indecent assault. His former wife, Lesley Jessop, also faces two charges of indecent assault against a boy, 15.
The defendants deny all the charges.
Image caption Lesley Jessop, Derek Jessop's former wife, denies two allegations of indecent assault
The trial revolves around a series of alleged sexual offences against a total of eight children in the Blackpool area.
They are said to have been committed between the 1960s and 2004, the jury was told.
The three defendants, all from Blackpool, say they are the victims of malicious allegations driven by potential financial gain.
Prosecuting barrister Paul Brookwell told the jury the alleged victims of Mr Jessop, who is a former businessman, were girls aged between four and 12.
The trial is due to last up to six weeks.
Did 3 Doors Down steal/borrow a lyric from Pink Floyd? In the song Kryptonite by 3 Doors Down, they mention “Dark Side Of The Moon” several times. What other songs have “borrowed” lyrics?
Kryptonite was today's 11 O'Clock Acoustic Cut. Check out the official video.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption White House defends Trump's reaction to Roseanne firing
The White House has accused the entertainment industry of "hypocrisy" over its condemnation of Roseanne Barr following a racist tweet.
Its press secretary suggested liberal TV stars suffered no consequences for saying "the most horrible things" about President Donald Trump.
The president himself earlier tweeted to suggest a double standard by TV executives.
Barr said she was considering fighting back after her show was cancelled.
What did the White House say?
On Wednesday, President Trump broke his silence on Barr, who has been one of his most outspoken supporters.
He jabbed on Twitter at Disney chief executive Bob Iger, who apologised to African-American former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett after Barr's Monday night tweet likening her to an ape.
Skip Twitter post by @realDonaldTrump Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018 Report
Disney is the parent company of ABC TV network, which on Tuesday dropped the rebooted '90s sitcom "Roseanne" amid a ferocious online backlash against its star.
At the White House daily press briefing, the president's spokeswoman, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, expanded on Mr Trump's tweet.
"The president pointed to the hypocrisy in the media saying the most horrible things about this president and nobody addresses it," said Mrs Sanders.
She said Mr Iger did not say sorry for ESPN presenter Jemele Hill calling Mr Trump a white supremacist. Disney also owns ESPN, a sports channel.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Trump once told supporters Roseanne 'was about us'
The press secretary said no apology was forthcoming either when Joy Behar, a presenter of ABC's The View, mocked Vice President Mike Pence's Christian faith, suggesting he might be mentally ill.
Mrs Sanders also highlighted a "profane rant" by comedian Kathy Griffin against Mr Trump on the same morning show.
"This is a double standard that the president is speaking about," Mrs Sanders concluded, "no one is defending her [Barr's] comments, they're inappropriate."
At the end of the news conference, one reporter shouted: "Where is the president's apology for the things he's said over the years?"
Mrs Sanders walked out without answering.
What is Barr saying?
A day after striking a contrite tone for her tweet suggesting Valerie Jarrett was a cross-breed of Planet of the Apes and the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group, the TV personality was in a more defiant mood.
Skip Twitter post by @therealroseanne I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018 Report
Barr also tweeted at former fellow cast member Michael Fishman, who played her son on the show: "You throw me under the bus. nice!"
Like other cast members, he has condemned her racist tweet.
Hours earlier, Barr said that her tweet had been "unforgiveable" and urged followers not to defend her.
She also blamed the inflammatory post on sleeping pills, saying she had been "ambien tweeting".
Skip Twitter post 2 by @therealroseanne @ValerieJarrett i don't know if u saw it, but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet. I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018 Report
But the drug's manufacturer, Sanofi, said in a statement: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
On Tuesday, Barr apologised to Mrs Jarrett and pledged to give up Twitter.
But the comedian was back on the platform soon after, posting: "I'm tired of being attacked and belittled more than other comedians who have said worse."
What's happening to her show?
A spokesman for Viacom, which owns various networks including Paramount, earlier said it would stop airing old episodes of Roseanne.
The streaming service Hulu also said it would be removing the sitcom from its library.
Her revived sitcom's premiere in March pulled in more than 25 million people, with delayed viewing counted in.
The comedy series won conservative plaudits because Barr plays a supporter of Mr Trump, a group largely ignored by Hollywood.
ABC had renewed it for a second season until the Jarrett tweet.
Pursue goals that are important to you rather than to other people. It's okay to be selfish and look out for Number One, especially when you have already done so much for friends and family members. They owe you, not the other way round.
With the public forums winding down and just over a week of campaigning left, the race to lead the Democratic National Committee is moving from the public eye to the proverbial backroom.
No one candidate out of the 10 still in the running has yet to secure the promise of 224 party member votes needed to win a majority on the first round of balloting. That means the race's two front-runners, Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison and former Labor Sec. Tom Perez, are looking to pick up support from lesser-known candidates.
Multiple sources told NBC News that Ellison has offered another candidate, New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley, a role leading DNC operations in exchange for his support.
"Nothing is off the table and we're seeing how we can best collaborate in a way that is best for the party," said one source close to Buckley.
Asked about the strategy for his campaign going forward, Buckley replied, "I'm confident the DNC will have a robust 50-state strategy."'
A spokesperson for Ellison declined to comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Fight for the Soul of the Democratic Party 5:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Despite the national attention paid to the race after the party's devastating loss in November's election, the next leader of the party will ultimately be decided by just 447 people gathered a hotel ballroom in Atlanta a week from Friday.
The intimate scale, and the fact only people who are by definition party insiders get a vote, can lend itself to dealmaking.
"The candidates that are getting a lot of traction go to the candidates that aren't getting a lot of traction and say, hey come on, I represent the values you represent, why don't you sign up with me and I'll make you a vice chair or something?" former DNC Chair Ed Rendell said an interview. "You know, just that kind of ordinary politics."
As with any such deal, it's unclear whether Buckley could reliably deliver his votes to Ellison. His supporters may have different ideas about who should lead the party, or may have promised their support to other candidates in the event that their first choice fell through.
"You can't offer much," Rendell said, to coax supporters to follow you to another candidate.
With many DNC members choosing to keep their support private or hold off on endorsements, the state of the race is opaque.
Perez claimed in an email on Tuesday to have the support of 180 DNC members.
Ellison's campaign manager, Jamie Long, responded by saying, "we are on track to win next week," but declined to put out the number of their supporters.
All current whip counts, including those maintained by campaigns, are based on commitments, which don't always materialize on the ballot.
Regardless, most Democrats expect the election will require multiple rounds of ballots in which lesser candidates are forced to drop out or cut deals until only one candidate emerges victorious.
Needless to say, it's a peculiar election.
"This race is like a cross between running for president and running for for high school student council," said one of the candidates, South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigeig, during the party's last official forum in Baltimore on Saturday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Obama Speaks About Tom Perez Bid for DNC Chair 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Indeed, while the campaign trail has taken candidates across the country and to the sets of nationally television interviews, the actual campaigning happens in one-and-one conversations with DNC members outside the public eye.
At Baltimore forum, private discussions occurring behind closed doors in rooms assigned to each campaign one floor beneath the main hall were arguably as important as what the candidates said on stage.
Even in the public forum, multiple candidates report a second layer of politicking happening just under the surface as they found undecided DNC members in the audience to lock eyes with as they made a certain point they thought might resonate with that member.
And the arguments -- and promises -- made to woo those members often bare little resemblance to the public debate surrounding the race.
"I want people to step back and not think about the celebrity or the endorsements. Look at the job. This job is about party building," said South Carolina Party Chair Jaime Harrison, another candidate for the national chairmanship. "All of the other stuff is just red herrings."
High-profile endorsers, from Sen. Bernie Sanders to former Vice President Joe Biden, don't get to cast a ballot.
The last time the party held an open election for its chairman was in 2005. Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean had already emerged as the de facto winner before the actual voting even though both Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi, the party's leaders in the House and Senate, respectively, had endorsed Tim Roemer, a former congressman.
Dean was elected in a voice vote, without any ballots having to be cast.
This year's DNC election is more likely to resemble the Republican National Committee's leadership election in 2009, when it took seven ballots for Reince Priebus, now President Donald Trump's chief of staff, to emerge as the winner.
Watch as American John Isner loses his cool with the umpire during his match with Ruben Bemelmans.
WATCH MORE: Monfils' incredible behind-the-back trick shot
Available to UK users only.
In 2017 National Academy of Theatre Arts in Kraków changed its name from "PWST" to "AST". This resulted in the need to change the logo and created an occasion to refresh and set the visual identity in order. The new AST mark in its construction and overall shape is similar to a fine and well known logo designed in the 1980 by Jerzy Napieracz.
Along with the new logo we designed the whole visual identity project including signage system for the main building and Academy branches in Wrocław and Bytom, typography, range of colours, layout constants for documents, corporate, information and promotion materials.
As a part of organizing the corporate identity we also unified the look of information and promotion materials accompanying graduation performances. So far the creators of each performance had a free hand with the visuals, and from now on all the posters, programs brochures etc. will have a unified look and communicate AST at first glance.
WASHINGTON — The director of the people-counting Census Bureau is leaving his job just as the agency steps up its once-a-decade tally, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
Census Bureau Director John H. Thompson was expected to leave the agency at the end of the year but instead will depart June 30, according to a government statement. Thompson said he is pursuing "opportunities in the private sector."
"Your experience will be greatly missed," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in the same statement.
Census Director John Thompson poses for a portrait in this undated handout image. U.S. Census
Thompson testified to a House committee last week that the 2020 Census was on track. Members of the panel expressed concern about the escalating costs and overruns of the decennial accounting exercise mandated by the Constitution. The 2010 Census was the costliest U.S. Census in history, at about $12.3 billion, Robert Goldenkoff, strategic issues director for the Government Accountability Office. Thompson, who was confirmed to his post in 2013, told the same panel that the cost of the 2020 Census will cost about $12.5 billion.
Some of the increased projection is the result of modernizing the counting process, Goldenkoff said.
Asked whether Secretary Wilbur Ross or Trump himself had asked Thompson to step down, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said by email: "He's simply retiring from public service. He spent 30 years in public service and 10 in the private sector."
The Census, conducted every 10 years since 1790, is critical to determining how to run the country as it grows and diversifies. Beyond government spending, the private sector also uses demographic information collected in the enumeration.
The U.S. recently surpassed 325 million people. By 2044, whites are expected to become a minority. In 2020, the questionnaire is expected to include a new classification for Americans who are of Middle Eastern descent.
The director is nominated by the president for a five-year term and confirmed by the Senate.
If you follow your instincts over the next few days you could make a fortune. Venus, your ruler, moves into the money area of your chart on Tuesday, which means that your hunches will be spot on. Never doubt what your inner voice tells you.
After Amy Adams was rudely dissed by NBC's “Today” show, VIPs are lining up in support of her film “Big Eyes.” “People are really behind her” after “Today” canceled an...
Image caption PC Mark Baird told the misconduct hearing he was "sorry" for his behaviour
A police officer threatened a Polish doorman he would "smash his head in" and told him to "speak English" after he was refused entry to a Hull bar.
PC Mark Baird drank "in excess of 10 pints" when he racially abused the man outside Tofts in November, a Humberside Police misconduct hearing.
He also told the Polish national he was a police officer and knew the law.
Mr Baird apologised and admitted his behaviour amounted to gross misconduct, but denied being intentionally racist.
The panel heard the Polish bouncer was working alone on 8 November when Mr Baird, who was off duty and with two friends, became aggressive after being turned away.
Mr Baird allegedly told the doorman "because of people like you I can't get in" and "hopefully, you're all going to get kicked out".
He then walked away but returned moments later saying: "I'm going to smash your head in."
He also told the bouncer to "speak English" before mimicking his accent, the panel heard.
Image caption The misconduct hearing the officer was "dedicated and highly skilled"
Footage of some of the incident, which was filmed on a mobile phone, showed the officer slurring his words, the panel heard.
The panel was told the officer had split up with his partner, faced financial difficulties, and was on antidepressants.
PC Baird told the hearing: "I can only apologise for my actions. I'm absolutely disgusted."
The panel heard the officer had no recollection of the incident.
'Respectful to all'
When asked by his defence counsel Mark Ley Morgan about the footage of his behaviour, PC Baird replied: "It will stay with me."
Two colleagues, one of whom is a Polish national, told the panel how PC Baird was a "well-respected, dedicated and highly skilled" officer who was a "real credit to the team".
They described him as being "very respectful to all nationalities".
The Polish officer said she has never received any negative comments from him and that he "always treated people the same way".
Mr Ley Morgan said Mr Baird did not hold racist views and he was not being intentionally racist.
The hearing continues.
Poker players and police investigators alike know to watch the eyes and, now, so do scientists who study learning.
They say they can see a slow buildup in the eye movements of people just about to have a eureka moment.
The eyes have it. A new study finds you can watch someone's eyes and figure out when they are about to have an epiphany. Serghei Starus / FeaturePics
In fact, the researchers said they saw the insight building even before their subjects knew they were about to discover the secret to playing a complex numbers game.
"We could see our study participants figuring out the solution through their eye movements as they considered their options," said Ian Krajbich, an assistant professor of psychology and economics at Ohio State University, who helped lead the study team.
"We could predict they were about to have an epiphany before they even knew it was coming," Krabjich said in a statement.
Related: Action Video Gamers Learn Faster
His team recruited 59 students at Ohio State to take part in the game. It involved a somewhat complex mathematical formula. They each played a series of opponents.
The team used an eye movement tracking apparatus while the players looked at a dial of numbers to make their choices.
"We settled on the two-person beauty contest game, in which each of two players chooses an integer from 0 and 10 with the goal of getting closer to 0.9 multiplied by the average of the two numbers," they wrote in their report, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"An important feature of this game is that there is an optimal number regardless of what the other player chooses. That number is 0," they added.
"Prior research has shown that most people initially fail to realize that zero is the optimal strategy, but do eventually figure it out."
Related: Brain Games Are Not Just Kids' Play
In this experiment, 42 percent of the students figured out that zero was a winner.
That realization comes suddenly, they added. "This 'epiphany' learning is characterized by an unexpected moment of insight, often portrayed in cartoons by a light bulb appearing over a person's head," the team wrote.
“ When your pupil dilates, we see that as evidence that you're paying close attention and learning.”
"There's a sudden change in their behavior. They are choosing other numbers and then all of a sudden they switch to choosing only zero," Krajbich said. "That's a hallmark of epiphany learning."
The researchers could see people's eyes returning to the zero, and other lower numbers, more often as they began to figure it out. They saw something else, too.
"When your pupil dilates, we see that as evidence that you're paying close attention and learning," Krajbich said. And the group of students who figured out the secret to winning had dilated pupils.
"They were showing signs of learning before they made the commitment to zero," Krajbich said. "We didn't see the same results for others."
There was another lesson in the game. A full 37 percent wrongly decided the winning number was one other than zero.
"One thing we can take away from this research is that it is better to think about a problem than to simply follow others," Krajbich said.
"Those who paid more attention to their opponents tended to learn the wrong lesson."
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court Pause
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills
7:30 Plundering a small town
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Some 200 workers at the Hanford Nuclear Site in Washington state were ordered to immediately "take cover" Tuesday after a 20-foot section of tunnel where radioactive waste was being stored collapsed.
The alert was declared at 8:26 a.m. local time after a cave-in exposed "railroad tunnels near a former chemical processing plant" containing "contaminated materials," the U.S. Department of Energy reported.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Emergency Declared at Hanford Nuclear Site After Tunnel Collapses 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There are no reports of injuries, no reports of radiological release," Destry Henderson, deputy news manager for the Hanford Joint Information Center, told NBC News. "I would underscore this is confined to a small area of the Hanford site."
Nor was there any danger to communities outside the sprawling 580 square-mile site on the Columbia River, officials said.
A decommissioned nuclear reactor during the cleanup operations at the Western hemisphere's most contaminated nuclear site in Hanford, Washington on March 21, 2011. Mark Ralston / AFP - Getty Images file
"I can confirm we are investigating a small area of soil that had sunken," Henderson added. "This soil covers a tunnel used to access a former chemical processing facility."
The tunnel is located next to the massive Plutonium Uranium Extraction Facility, also known as PUREX, which is located in the center of the Hanford Site in an area known as the 200 East Area. It has not been occupied in 20 years and remains contaminated by radioactivity.
Map of plutonium uranium extraction complex. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Richland Operations Office activated the Hanford Emergency Operations Center at 8:26 a.m. on May 9, 2017, after an alert was declared. Officials are responding to reports of a cave-in of a 20 foot section of a tunnel that is hundreds of feet long that is used to store contaminated materials. The tunnel is located next to the Plutonium Uranium Extraction Facility, also known as PUREX, which is located in the center of the Hanford Site in an area known as the 200 East Area. Hanford Joint Information Center
Citing a source, the Seattle NBC affiliatereported road crews working nearby might have created enough vibration to cause the collapse.
“The Department of Energy informed us this morning that a tunnel was breached that was used to bury radioactive waste from the production of plutonium at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation,” Gov. Jay Inslee said.
Hanford was dubbed the "Most Toxic Place in America" last year in an NBC News expose.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'America's Chernobyl': Inside the most toxic place in the nation 7:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Plutonium was produced at Hanford for America's nuclear arsenal until 1980. Now it's run by the Department of Energy and its contractor, Washington River Protection Solutions, and is in the midst of a massive $110 billion cleanup of 56 million gallons of chemical and nuclear waste that is stored in 177 underground tanks.
The job, which began in 1989, is expected to take at least 50 years to complete.
[October 06, 2017] New York Energy Authority Approves Yardi as Monitoring Program Vendor
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) has certified Yardi® as a vendor for its Commercial Real Time Energy Management (RTEM) Program, which uses technologies to collect data that helps optimize buildings' energy performance. RTEM continuously sends a building's live and historical performance data to a cloud-based system that transforms the information into actionable insights. The certification allows RTEM participants to utilize Yardi LOBOS® in that effort. LOBOS is an intelligent HVAC energy optimization software platform that maximizes efficiency and reduces energy use by constantly calculating the minimum energy needed to heat or cool a space without sacrificing occupant comfort. LOBOS Energy Efficiency can reduce heating, ventilation and air conditioning costs up to 30% by optimizing chiller plants and air handling units. LOBOS Fault Detection & Diagnostics saves money by identifying equipment failures before they waste energy or disturb tenants. LOBOS Demand Respose reduces kW demand with automated demand responses. "With office buildings accounting for more than 20% of greenhouse gas emissions in New York state, RTEM aims to promote smarter buildings that reduce emissions while cutting operating costs, increasing tenant comfort and improving marketability. LOBOS is a perfect fit for those objectives, and Yardi welcomes the opportunity to help New York businesses maximize payback for their energy efficiency investments," said Matt Eggers, vice president of Yardi Energy. NYSERDA will pay up to 30% of RTEM participants' costs for installing LOBOS along with additional incentives to offset the services fees for up to five years.
Learn more about LOBOS and the Yardi® Smart Energy Suite for smarter energy efficiency. About New York State Energy Research and Development Authority New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy and reduce reliance on fossil fuels. A public benefit corporation, NYSERDA has been advancing energy solutions and working to protect the environment since 1975. For more information, visit nyserda.ny.gov. About Yardi Yardi® develops and supports industry-leading investment, property management and energy management software for all types and sizes of real estate companies. For the energy market, the Yardi Smart Energy Suite helps manage costs, consumption and sustainability initiatives with mobile-enabled energy management solutions. Established in 1984, Yardi is based in Santa Barbara, Calif., and serves clients worldwide. For more information on how Yardi is Energized for Tomorrow, visit yardi.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171006005086/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
(AP Photo/John Raoux). Panama goalkeeper Jaime Penedo (1) blocks a shot by United States' Bobby Wood (9) as Panama's Roman Torres (5) watches during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Jozy Altidore celebrates in front of fans after scoring a goal against Panama during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Christian Pulisic (10) celebrates after scoring a goal against Panama during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Christian Pulisic (10) gets past Panama goalkeeper Jaime Penedo (1) to score a goal during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
By RONALD BLUMAP Sports Writer
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place - the last automatic berth - in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
"We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals," U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during "The Star-Spangled Banner" and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Many reporters asked me why I came to the opening arguments at the re-trial of Pedro Hernandez on Wednesday. The simple answer is that I wanted to see if the...
Emergency services have been deployed to the scene of a multi-vehicle road collision on the outskirts of Limerick city.
There are lengthy delays on the N69 as a result of the crash which happened near the entrance to the Topaz service station in Clarina village at around 5pm this Monday.
According to AA Roadwatch, motorists are facing are long delays as a result of the crash and motorists are being advised to avoid the area if possible.
LIMERICK: Gardaí en route to a collision on the N69 Foynes Rd at Clarina Cross. Expect delays in both directions. https://t.co/pdsEzJTRQr — AA Roadwatch (@aaroadwatch) August 14, 2017
Gardai, ambulance personnel and two units of Limerick Fire and Rescue Service are attending the scene.
While a number of vehicles were damaged in the impact it's not known at this stage if anybody has been seriously injured.
With Microsoft Edge you can go directly from a mobile device to a Windows 10 PC without skipping a beat.
Audio description: http://msft.social/a7pHZ6
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
Image copyright Urban Cow/Getty/iStock
Some 10% of the road network maintained by local authorities in Great Britain is in poor condition, or has been flagged for further inspection.
Around 37,000 kilometres (22,990 miles) across England, Wales and Scotland fell below top standard in surveys carried out on behalf of the Department for Transport.
The RAC said the road network had suffered from years of underinvestment
The government said it was investing £6bn in improving local roads.
The analysis by the BBC shared data unit comes as a separate investigation by the Asphalt Industry Alliance found more than 39,300 kilometres (24,400 miles) of road had been identified as needing essential maintenance in the next year.
Simon Williams, a spokesman for the RAC, said: "Before the cold snap the condition of many local roads was on a knife edge with many councils struggling to fix our roads properly.
"But now, as a result of the 'Beast from the East' some local roads will have deteriorated even further, possibly to the point that they represent a serious risk to the safety of users."
'I hit a pothole and suffered a bleed to the brain'
Image copyright BBC/Keith Ralph
Keith Ralph, a 37-year-old chef, was commuting through Lewisham in south London in January when he struck a pothole and was hurled from his bike. He was unconscious for more than a minute.
"It's completely out of the blue, I've been cycling in London for 15 years and have had a couple of close shaves with cars but nothing like this," he said.
Mr Ralph had CT scans which showed he had a bleed on the right hand side of his brain.
He had a splint put into his mouth during emergency dental treatment, which left him physically sick from the pain.
He also suffered a cut in his right eyebrow and his chin which required stitches, grazing to his legs and a severely bruised elbow.
Image copyright Keith Ralph Image caption The pothole in the road where Keith was flung from his bicycle
"It has shaken me up a bit, unexpectedly hitting a pothole and coming out of hospital with those injuries," he said. "I was lucky the bleed on the brain was sorted out quickly."
Having cycled across London over a long period, Mr Ralph feels the condition of London roads is worsening.
"The roads and potholes are getting more repairs but it doesn't seem to be working and things are coming out quickly.
"In the very centre of London, the roads aren't as bad but it's the busier roads outside of the congestion zone that are definitely getting worse."
The BBC's Shared Data Unit analysed the results of annual surveys, which measure the extent of defects such as bumpiness and cracking of the road surface.
In England and Wales, the survey measures the percentage of roads in a poor condition. In Scotland, it measures the percentage of roads in a poor condition, or requiring further inspection. Data was not available for Northern Ireland.
England
Some 3% (883km) of A-roads and 5% (14,420km) of minor roads across England in 2016-17 were deemed to be in a poor condition.
Over the past eight years, London and the South East were consistently the worst performing regions of the UK.
Thirteen out of 151 local authority areas saw an increase in the proportion of their road network deemed poor from 2009 to 2017.
They were York, Hartlepool, Wigan, West Sussex, Portsmouth, Stoke on Trent, Solihull, Barking and Dagenham, Kingston upon Thames, Bury, Stockport, Herefordshire and Manchester.
Julian Bell, who chairs London Councils' Transport and Environment Committee, said: "[We] recognise that road quality is an urgent concern and are committed to making improvements to the roads."
However, he said present funding was not enough to meet the needs of London's growing population.
Wales
Some 10% of all roads in Wales were deemed to be in poor condition in 2016-17. That works out at 3,110 kilometres (1,930 miles) of road.
All local authority areas bar Gwynedd saw the proportion of roads in a poor condition fall in the six-year period. The condition of Conwy's roads remained roughly stable.
Some of the worst performing areas were Powys, Ceredigion and Wrexham.
A Welsh Local Government Association spokesman said there had been a downward trend in the proportion of roads deemed poor.
He said: "Clearly, local authorities would like to achieve a high standard on all the roads for which they are responsible.
"The network, as with many capital assets, experiences constant wear and tear and is exposed to a range of challenging weather conditions."
Scotland
In Scotland, some 30% of A-roads were either in a poor condition, or required further assessment. That works out at 2,220 kilometres (1,380 miles) of road.
Some 35% - or 16,500 kilometres of minor roads - were deemed in a poor condition, or earmarked for further inspection.
Some of the worst performing areas were Argyll and Bute, Eilean Siar, North Ayrshire, Inverclyde and Stirling.
According to the insurance firm, Admiral, claims for potholes and road defects in Scotland, were over two thirds higher in comparison to England.
Luke Bosdet, the AA's public affairs spokesman, said: "The poor condition of Scottish roads comes as no surprise. It is a long-running problem, often illustrated by the views of AA members."
A UK government Department for Transport spokesman said: "This government is taking the big decisions for Britain's future and investing a record £23bn on our roads to improve journeys.
"We know that road surfaces are a concern for all road users and that is why we are providing local highway authorities in England with just under £6bn to help improve the condition of our local highway networks."
More about this story
The Shared Data Unit makes data journalism available to news organisations across the media industry, as part of a partnership between the BBC and the News Media Association.
For more information on methodology, click here. For the full dataset, click here. Read more about the Local News Partnerships here.
(This one skillet dish is deliciously different, hearty and healthy!)
Ingredients
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite sized pieces
1/2 cup diced yellow onion
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt or to taste
1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic
1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1 sweet potato, peeled, par-cooked and diced (see note on par-cooking)
1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved
15 ounces can black beans, rinsed and drained
4 ounces can dice green chiles
1/3 cup salsa or red enchilada sauce
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese or colby jack cheese
1/2 lime, juiced
1 tablespoon chopped cilantro (optional)
Instructions
Heat the olive oil in a large (10-12 inch) cast iron or non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. In a small bowl combine all of the spices. When the skillet is hot add in the chicken and spread into an even layer, then sprinkle with half of the spice blend. Sauté the chicken for approximately 3 minutes then add in the onion. Continue to cook for several more minutes or until the onion has softened and the chicken is cooked through. Lower the heat to medium and add in the remaining spice blend, sweet potato, cherry tomatoes, black beans, green chiles and salsa or enchilada sauce. Stir together and cook until the mixture is heated through, approximately 2-3 minutes. Squeeze the lime juice over everything then top with the shredded cheese. Cover with a lid or lay a piece of foil on top of the skillet until the cheese has melted. Garnish with cilantro and serve.
Recipe Notes
Robin Thicke's 22-year-old girlfriend is pregnant "Robin and I are very excited to share you all that we're having a baby!" April Love Geary wrote on Instagram.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some 300,000 people are in debt to illegal money lenders in the UK
The government is stepping up its crackdown on illegal money lenders who target vulnerable people.
The Treasury has earmarked £5.5m, up 16% on last year, to pay for investigations and prosecutions of "nasty lenders" and "lowlife crooks" as well as support for their victims.
More than £100,000 already seized from loan sharks will also be spent on helping victims.
Some 300,000 people are in debt to illegal money lenders in the UK.
John Glen, economic secretary to the Treasury said: "These nasty lenders are nothing more than lowlife crooks taking hard-earned cash from the pockets of the most vulnerable."
He said the government has increased its funding to tackle unlawful lenders and support those most vulnerable to their dodgy tactics.
Loan sharks 'hang around the school gates'
The cash will be provided to official Illegal Money Lending Teams, which investigate and prosecute illegal money lenders.
Funds will also be spent to encourage those at risk of being targeted by loan sharks to join a credit union, helping them to access a safer form of finance and get their lives back on track.
And for the first time in Northern Ireland a new education project will be created to raise awareness of the dangers of loan sharks and to support vulnerable communities.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Many people don't realise initially that they've borrowed from a loan shark, charities say
Tony Quigley, head of the England Illegal Money Lending Team, said: "Loan sharks are a blight on society and prey on vulnerable people who struggle to make ends meet.
"These criminals use callous methods to enforce repayment and victims are often subjected to threats, intimidation and violence. We will not tolerate this sort of criminal activity in our country and loan sharks who are caught flouting the law will be pursued and prosecuted."
'Threats of violence and shame'
Peter Tutton of StepChange Debt Charity, said cracking down on the "unconscionable activities" of loan sharks was a very welcome step.
"But it needs to be accompanied by a twin-track focus on the high-cost credit market more generally, to reduce the harm being experienced by vast numbers of households who are forced to borrow to make ends meet," he said.
"Now is the time for the government to explore creative, sustainable alternatives to meet the needs of financially vulnerable households."
Matt Barlow, chief executive of Christians Against Poverty, said: "Many who borrow from a 'loan shark' don't realise that's what they've done. Often, it will feel like borrowing from a friend of a friend until the reality of that arrangement begins to hit home.
"Therefore, the shame added to threats of violence, can be a significant hurdle to reporting it and getting help. Hopefully, this extra funding will result in greater awareness as well as increased prosecutions."
If you have been affected by illegal money lending, you can call the Illegal Money Lending Team's confidential hotline on 0300 555 2222
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
2:36 Lazarus the Cat's Mysterious Long Distance Adventure
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
Residents creating illegal driveways has drivers fuming Brazen Brooklyn residents are selfishly paving illegal driveways on their front lawns and creating unauthorized curb cuts — eliminating scarce parking spots. “Most of them I've seen go from a...
Brooklyn-born Marine killed in WWII will finally be buried It was a homecoming 74 years in the making. The remains of World War II Pvt. Joseph Carbone were finally returned to his native Brooklyn on Friday after he was...
This is the grossest legal thing you can do on your roof Brooklyn residents are raising a stink over a neighbor whose habit of drying fish outside on a clothesline is making one corner of Bensonhurt smell like low tide in Jamaica...
Delivery truck spills booze all over Brooklyn street Now this is alcohol abuse. A truck delivering booze accidentally dumped some of its precious cargo in the streets of Bensonhurst on Thursday morning after the vehicle's side-door latch opened....
'Shoplifter' slams face into door trying to flee A woman spotted shoplifting at a Bensonhurst pharmacy on Wednesday bolted for the exit — running right into the glass door and leaving a bloody mess for cops, police said....
'I'll kill a cop': Teen who attacked off-duty NYPD officers An off-duty NYPD detective and his cop girlfriend were attacked by a rowdy pack of Brooklyn teens — because the couple asked the group to stop jumping on parked cars,...
Good Samaritans rescue toddler wandering in snow A wandering toddler trekked the snow-filled streets of Brooklyn all alone in the frigid cold wearing nothing but a pair of pink Mickey Mouse socks on her feet and clutching...
Cops bust men after witnessing them pushing pills Two Brooklyn men were busted on drug possession and sales charges after cops witnessed them peddling pills and Molly in Bensonhurst, police said. Two officers sitting in an unmarked cop...
Hardhats intimidating elderly woman to tear down garage: suit It wasn't a horse's head, but it was close. Construction workers building a community center for an Italian-American group left dead animals outside a 96-year-old woman's home to intimidate her...
(WJHL) – The Pledge of Allegiance is an expression of patriotism and commitment to our country. The Bachman Bernard Family is proud to present the Daily Pledge from our local schools.
Advertisement
A worker at a city-contracted jobsite in Milwaukee is now jobless after his cooler was spotted with “offensive” Ku Klux Klan and Confederate flag stickers, city officials said.
The unidentified worker was fired three days after a photograph surfaced on social media of the cooler at a job site at North 25th Street and West Wells Street, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports.
Public Works Commissioner Ghassan Korban wrote in an email Monday to several aldermen indicating that he spoke with the site's contractor several times and confirmed that the owner of the cooler had been terminated.
Korban now wants the contractor, American Sewer Services, to “develop policies to prevent this from happening again” and for other contractors to take note regarding their own policies and procedures.
Milwaukee Alderman Bob Bauman said city officials confirmed to him that the cooler belonged to an employee from American Sewer Services, the same company whose workers were photographed carrying guns at a different construction site last week, WXOW reports.
“If this company sees fit to hire individuals who basically either ascribe to, belong to or [are] sympathetic with terrorist organizations, we're going to have to take some action on a city level,” Bauman told the station.
The photo and resulting controversy prompted someone to vandalize the job site, scrawling the words “racist” and “go home” on construction equipment there, according to the station.
A spokeswoman for the city's Department of Public Works, meanwhile, said the stickers were “offensive” to Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett and city agencies.
“If, in fact, the cooler with the stickers belongs to an individual working on a city contract, it would be best if the individual works someplace other than the City of Milwaukee,” spokeswoman Sandra Rusch Walton wrote the Journal Sentinel in an email Friday.
A photo posted on Facebook on Dec. 4 showing three white workers brandishing guns while at a worksite near North 18th Street and West Meinecke Avenue angered black residents in the neighborhood and led to a protest at City Hall, the Journal Sentinel reported last week. One alderman now wants city officials to review all Department of Public Works duties previously performed by city workers that have since been outsourced to contractors within the past 20 years.
“I am very concerned that the workers working on projects in the city no longer reflect the population of the community they are serving,” Alderman Tony Zielinski told the newspaper Monday.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's bodyguards on Tuesday attacked protesters in Washington, bloodying several. That's standard back in Istanbul, but the Trump administration will have to teach Erdoğan & Co. that it won't fly here.
The brawl erupted while Erdoğan was meeting at the White House with President Trump. Dozens of Kurdish-Americans rallied outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in DC to protest Erdoğan's crackdown on dissent, with more than 130,000 people detained.
Several carried the flag of the Kurdish PYD party — a red flag for Erdoğan, who ended decades of government strife with Kurdish rebels before reopening the war in 2015.
When counter-protesters began to gather, DC police tried to keep the sides separate — but Erdoğan supporters, joined by his security staffers, broke through and started the beatdown.
“All of a sudden they just ran towards us,” demonstrator Lucy Usoyan told ABC. “Someone was beating me in the head nonstop, and I thought, ‘OK, I'm on the ground already, what is the purpose to beat me?' ”
Nine people were hospitalized, and only two arrested by overwhelmed cops.
DC police say they'll work with the State Department and the Secret Service to ID the assailants. But State's official comment is merely that it's “concerned by the violent incidents involving protestors and Turkish security personnel” and is “communicating that concern to the Turkish government in the strongest possible terms.”
If diplomatic immunity prevents prosecution, the administration must find some other response — including expelling Turkish diplomats.
We can't change Turkey's government, but we can insist it obey the law in this country.
BLACKSBURG, Va. — Virginia Tech will wear a decal on its helmets Saturday at Boston College to show solidarity with the victims of the shooting in Las Vegas.
The No. 16 Hokies play the Eagles at 7:15 p.m.
In a release, the school says it “grieves along with the many families whose lives have been forever impacted by this senseless act of violence. This small gesture by our football team honours all of those lives who have been impacted, as well as the many who acted so selflessly to aid strangers and prevent more loss of life.”
The school was the site of the massacre of 32 people on April 16, 2007. The gunman then took his own life.
Virginia Tech also has ties with UNLV, whose athletic director, Desiree Francois-Reed was a deputy AD for the Hokies before accepting the new position.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Three artists who performed at a country music festival that became the site of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history honored those music fans lost at deadly concert attacks with a tearful performance at the Grammy Awards.
Country artists Eric Church, Maren Morris and Brothers Osborne delivered a moving performance of Eric Clapton's Grammy-winning classic "Tears in Heaven," during the 60th annual Grammys Awards in New York City on Sunday, the names of victims behind them.
"All of country music was reminded in the most tragic way then connection we share with fans and the loving power that music will always provide," said Eric Church who seemed to struggle to speak.
The artists put their own spin on the mournful song in honor of the victims at the Route 91 Harvest Festival last October in Las Vegas, as well as a bombing outside an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England, in May.
"Tears in Heaven," which won three Grammys in 1993 including record and song of the year, was written after Clapton's four-year-old son died in 1991 after falling out of a high-rise window.
The touching tribute was handled tenderly between singer TJ Osborne's soulful baritone, Morris' Texas twang and Church's forceful singing, although a bad microphone made much of Morris' intro before the song unintelligible.
"The painful truth is that this year in just those two events 81 music lovers, just like us, went out to enjoy a night of music and never came back home," Morris said.
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
Sleepaway camp is trendy for savvy professionals Two summers ago, Gary Nealon decided to attend Camp Maverick in the Berkshire mountains of Kent, Conn., purely out of curiosity. “I didn't go to camp as a child,” says...
Inside New York's $1,600/night summer camp for adults Nestled in the stunning Adirondacks, The Point is the woodland oasis of your dreams. Originally built by William Avery Rockefeller, Jr. a century ago as the esteemed family's upstate retreat,...
6 reasons to never, ever visit a national park The National Park Service turned 100 on Aug. 25, celebrating a century's worth of breathtaking views, towering forests and picturesque landscapes — as well as extremely spooky vanishings, unsolved disappearances and...
EMT fatally falls off cliff while taking a photo A city EMT fell to her death while taking a photo in the Adirondacks — making her the second member of her Manhattan fire station to die mountain climbing the...
20 injured after SUNY bus crashes on snowy highway A bus carrying students from Bronx's SUNY Maritime College crashed on a snowy highway upstate Monday. Police said that 20 people suffered injuries after the bus, which was taking the...
Why New York's fall foliage crushes everybody else's For the next two months, many New Yorkers are turning into Martha Stewart and obsessing over one thing — fall foliage! While we wait for the leaves to reach their...
Two boys hospitalized after frigid night lost on mountain KEENE, N.Y. — Two young brothers who got lost while hiking with their mother to the top of New York's highest peak and spent a frigid night stranded on the...
The Miami Heat has a pretty good track record of finding undrafted rookies and eventually developing them into NBA players.
Duncan Robinson could be the next one.
The 6-8, 215-pound forward out of Michigan has been in the Heat's starting lineup for its first two summer league games and on Tuesday night he showed he can be a valuable offensive weapon making five threes, driving baseline for an eye-opening two-handed dunk and scoring 19 points in a win over the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Heat, which will play the final game of the California Classic Thursday at 5 p.m. (NBA TV) against the hometown Sacramento Kings before leaving for Las Vegas, has a two-way roster spot open and Robinson could be an early favorite to land it.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Heat summer league coach Eric Glass has talked a lot about Robinson's high basketball IQ and mentioned Tuesday how the front office pounced quickly to get him on its summer league roster the moment he went undrafted last month.
“Just his command on the floor, nothing surprises him,” Glass said of what impresses him. “When guys are loud and they vocalize things early it's because they see things early. The guys that are quieter are maybe the ones that don't see things as quickly.
“He's more athletic than you would think he is. He's more competitive than you think he is. He's quicker than you think he is. We like his skill set. That was somebody that [Vice President of Player Personnel] Chet [Kammerer] went after right away as soon as the draft was over. And you can see why. Chet doesn't miss on too many guys.”
Robinson doesn't miss very often either. He left Michigan fourth on the school's all-time three-point shooting list (237 made in 115 games) with a career shooting percentage of 41.9 percent from beyond the arc. Although his shooting percentage from three-point range slipped from 42.4 percent as a junior to 38.4 percent his senior year, Robinson said it was a result of being “kind of marked man.”
“Open shots came a lot fewer,” he said. “I just tried to stay aggressive and shoot through those perceived slumps and I feel like I did.”
In the end, the Heat – and Robinson – believes he's more than just a shooter.
His dunk Tuesday night, when he blew past former San Diego State forward Malik Pope and over former Gonzaga power forward Johnathan Williams, was evidence of that.
“I'm sure I have plenty of texts from people giving me a hard time saying 'When was the last time I saw you dunk?'” Robinson said with a smile. “It's nice to get one. Hopefully I can get a few more before the summer is over.
“I'm a complete player. I play the right way. I'm unselfish. I play for my teammates. Like you said, I can make shots, but do a little bit more than that. I think I'm capable of that.”
With 11 players under contract and the team's salary cap figure at $119 million (just below the $123 million tax line), the Heat could offer Robinson, 24, more than just a two-way deal too.
After all, veteran forward Luke Babbitt, a three-point specialist with much of the same skills as Robinson, and shooting guard Wayne Ellington, who set a franchise record for threes last season, are both free agents. In today's NBA, you can never have enough shooting.
HOUSTON - Are you ready for National Doughnut Day?
The “holiday” is set for Friday, and we bet you're wondering where you can snag a free or discounted doughnut. (Right?)
Here is what the nation's doughnut giants have to offer in Houston:
Shipley Do-Nuts
Shipley Do-Nuts will offer a free glazed doughnut with purchase. A portion of the day's sales will be donated to the Salvation Army.
Do I have one near me? Let's check.
Krispy Kreme
Snag one free doughnut of your choice; no purchase necessary.
Do I have one near me? Let's check.
Dunkin' Donuts
Receive a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase.
Do I have one near me? Let's check.
National Doughnut Day was established in 1938 by the Chicago Salvation Army to honor women who served doughnuts to soldiers during World War I, USA Today said. The holiday is traditionally celebrated on the first Friday of June.
Also, please note: All of the deals mentioned are at participating locations only and while supplies last. So that means hint, hint: Go early!
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Video
A Labour MP asked the prime minister if her work and pensions secretary had offered to resign after three "misleading" statements over Universal Credit, which were criticised by the National Audit Office.
Theresa May told Marsha de Cordova that Esther McVey would be “correcting the record” at the end of Prime Minister's Questions.
Prime Minister's Questions: The verdict
From the section
Crotone avoided relegation to Serie B by just two points last season
Inter Milan extended their winless run in Serie A to eight games with a draw against relegation-threatened Crotone.
Striker Eder had given the home side the lead with a deflected header in the first half, but they could not hold on.
Midfielder Andrea Barberis scuffed in the leveller in the second period for Crotone, who are three points above the drop zone.
Inter suffered their fifth straight draw and their fourth consecutive 1-1 result in the Italian top flight.
Luciano Spalletti's side missed the chance to move above third-placed Lazio, who face Genoa on Monday (kick-off 19:45 GMT).
Leaders Napoli and champions Juventus are in action on Sunday.
Yankees preview: Can young bats and 1 ace carry team into playoffs? To say the Yankees are in a total rebuilding situation is false. They tapped into the Steinbrenner family vault for a combined $102.5 million to land free agents Aroldis Chapman,...
Mets preview: Will veteran core, young arms put team over the top? Experience is a double-edged sword. The Mets will open the 2017 season with their most well-seasoned bunch in maybe a decade, but experience also means older bodies that are more...
Fantasy baseball's overrated/underrated team There's always an incredible sense of accomplishment that goes along with drafting or picking up the big sleeper of the season, whether it be a rookie or resurgent veteran. The...
The case for Gary Sanchez picking up torch as Yankees legend This is the bedrock on which Yankees championships are built. Eras change, but the greatness of this position remains forever. Consider this Yankees catching lineage: Bill Dickey, Yogi Berra, Elston...
National League preview: Four teams coming for Cubs' throne The Nationals and Mets will duke it out atop the NL East. In the NL Central, there's no sign of the Cubs slowing down after ending their historic curse with...
American League preview: Red Sox are set up for greatness Chris Sale might be the difference in the AL East. In the AL Central, Cleveland still rocks a season after falling a game short of a World Series title. The...
There's never been a better time to be a baseball lover in NYC Baseball fans are worriers. They are complainers and kvetchers, they are forever looking for the other spike to drop, they are always on the lookout for curses, jinxes, poxes and...
You can now measure exactly how awesome your favorite baseball player is The debates go back to your childhood, and probably your parents' and grandparents', too, and they covered what you considered to be the unquantifiable. You argued over who got to...
TRIBUTES have been paid to the pensioner who tragically died in the double vehicle road collision in Limerick city this week.
Gerry O'Sullivan, 65, of Clareview Terrace, Farranshone, passed away at University Hospital Limerick after the car he was driving was involved in the double-vehicle collision on the Condell Road at around 8am on Tuesday.
He was the sole occupant of the car. The sole occupant of the second car did not require medical attention at the scene.
It is understood that Mr O'Sullivan worked with DeBeer and Element Six in Shannon for around 30 years.
Tony Walsh, a former colleague at the company, described Mr O'Sullivan as a “pure gentleman.
“He was here for most of his working life, and he was an all-round gentleman, and he was a very intelligent man, as well.”
Fr Patrick Seaver, of St Munchin's-St Lelia's parish, said that he was “shocked” when he heard of Mr O'Sullivan's passing.
“He was a quiet man, but he was always very jolly and very happy, and very outgoing. He was a really nice guy,” said Fr Seaver, who has been in the parish for more than 10 years.
He said that he was “very well-liked” by locals, and described the O'Sullivan family as “very lovely”.
Mr O'Sullivan is regretted by his sister Mary, brother John and their families, close friend John Tucker, and extended family and friends.
The road crash victim reposed at Thompsons Funeral Home, this Wednesday evening, followed by the removal to St Munchin's Church.
Requiem Mass takes places at 11am this Thursday, and is followed by cremation service at Shannon Crematorium at 1pm.
Gardaí at Mayorstone Park are investigating the incident, which took place near the Clonmacken roundabout.
Emergency services were first alerted of the incident at 8.04am, and Limerick Fire Service immediately dispatched three units to the scene.
Gardaí are appealing for witnesses to contact Mayorstone Park Garda Station 061-456980, The Garda Confidential Line on 1800-666-111.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tommy Robinson was arrested outside Leeds Crown Court
Tommy Robinson has been jailed for being in "contempt of court". What does that mean? And who else has been found "in contempt"?
Contempt of court laws are designed to protect the rule of law, ensure fair trials - and avoid trial by media.
Contempt can be committed by a broad range of people and organisations including the press, jurors, and - as we have learned in recent years - social media users.
The maximum sentence for contempt of court is two years' imprisonment, but it can also be punished with a fine.
The law on contempt is set out in case law and the 1981 Contempt of Court Act.
It sets out the key areas and broad principles of what will amount to contempt. They include:
Publishing anything that creates a substantial risk of seriously prejudicing "active" criminal proceedings. Proceedings are 'active' when a suspect is arrested
"active" criminal proceedings. Proceedings are 'active' when a suspect is arrested Bringing into a court building a device for recording sound
Breaching the confidentiality of the jury's deliberations
Taking photographs or film in a court building is capable of being a contempt of court, as Tommy Robinson found out.
And breaching a court order or undertakings given to the court can also amount to contempt.
The Contempt of Court Act 1981 may pre-date the online age, but it is proving robust enough to capture online behaviour.
Image copyright PA Image caption Tommy Robinson outside Airdrie Sheriff Court for a separate case in April
In 2011, two newspapers were found in contempt for publishing photographs of a defendant in a murder trial posing with a gun.
The trial at Sheffield Crown Court in 2009 saw Ryan Ward convicted of murdering car mechanic Craig Wass by hitting him over the head with a brick.
Although the pictures were said to have been published in error, it is difficult to think of anything much more prejudicial to a defendant on trial for murder.
The actions of the Mail Online and the Sun were examples of 'strict liability' contempt - meaning intent was irrelevant.
The following year, the Daily Mail and the Daily Mirror were convicted of contempt following Levi Bellfield's conviction for the murder of the schoolgirl Milly Dowler.
The article published by the Daily Mirror detailed Bellfield's violent treatment and sexual abuse of his ex-wife and a former partner.
However, the jury still had to consider its verdict on an attempted abduction charge relating to another victim.
The jury had to be discharged, denying the victim and her family the chance of justice. Both papers were fined £10,000.
In 2011, in the first case of its kind, juror Joanne Fraill contacted the defendant Jamie Sewart via Facebook - causing a £6 million drugs trial to collapse.
The court heard the initial contact came after Fraill went on the social networking website and tracked down Sewart, saying: "You should know me - I've cried with you enough."
Fraill was jailed for eight months for contempt for both contacting Sewart and conducting searches online about the case. Sewart had already been cleared but other defendants were still on trial.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jamie Sewart, speaking in 2011 about Joanna Fraill
And in 2012 juror and university lecturer Theodora Dallas was jailed for six months for carrying out her own research about defendant Barry Medlock, who was on trial for causing grievous bodily harm.
Jurors are given strong and specific instructions to consider the defendant's guilt solely on the basis of evidence in the case - and not to carry out their own research.
In 2016 Damian Parker-Stokes was imprisoned for 15 months for taking photographs in court as his friend Ryan Sheppard was being jailed for murder.
Parker-Stokes took five photographs and a video of Sheppard in the dock. He posted one image of Sheppard on Sheppard's Facebook page with the words: "Respect g at least u had the balls to admit it ..."
The then Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas, said people who used Facebook to "mock the administration of justice" and "cause considerable concern" to a victim's family "must be deterred by the most severe sentences".
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
With the release of the 2018 edition, the Subaru Outback continues to be the brand's best-selling model in the U.S. Originally introduced at the 2017 New York Auto Show, the 2018 model is part of the Outback's fifth-generation, which was first unveiled in 2015. Changes for 2018 include refreshed front and rear styling and a short list of trim and feature tweaks.
The Outback is Subaru's largest crossover, a head-of-the-family role it will cede in summer 2018 with the introduction of the significantly larger 2019 Subaru Ascent., which boasts three rows of seating for up to seven or eight passengers. The Outback, the largest of Subaru's three crossovers, has been the sales leader in recent years, followed by the Forester compact crossover, and then the subcompact Crosstrek. It will be interesting to see if the significantly larger 2019 Ascent steals sales from the Outback or if it brings new buyers to the brand.
Unibody crossovers have taken over the U.S. buying market, attracting people who formerly bought sedans or body-on-frame SUVs.
What's new for 2018 Subaru Outbacks
In addition to newly designed front and rear fascias, bumpers, and front grille, the 2018 Outback has new C-shaped headlights with LED daytime running lights. A new Steering Responsive Headlight feature that lets the headlights project light in the direction of turns is either standard or optional on the top two trim levels. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are now standard with Subaru Starlink infotainment systems,and the highest-level system with GPS navigation includes TomTom navigation with three years of map updates.
2018 Subaru Outback engines
Outbacks have one of two boxer-style engines. Four 2.5i trims – the 2.5i, 2.5i Premium, 2.5i Limited, and 2.5i Touring — have a 2.5-liter flat-four, which produces 175 horsepower at 5,800 rpm and 174 pound-feet of torque at 4,000 rpm. Environmental Protection Agency fuel economy ratings for the engine are 25 mpg for city driving, 32 mpg on the highway, and 28 mpg combined.
Outback 3.6R Limited and 3.6R Touring trims have a more powerful and thirsty 6-cylinder 3.6L engine. The flat-six produces 256 hp at 6,000 rpm and 247 lb-ft at 4,400 rpm. EPA ratings for the 3.6L engine are 20 mpg city, 27 highways, and 22 combined.
Both engines pair with a Subaru Lineartronic continuously variable transmission. There's no manual shift transmission offered, but when you prefer to manage the gear changes, the CVT's paddle shift support uses preselected ratios.
2018 Subaru Outback tech
Outback handling tech
Along with the boxer engine's low center of gravity, Subaru's Symmetrical all-wheel drive provides the basis for smoother, more car-like handling than many AWD systems with equal-length half-axles. The Outback piles on stability and traction-handling technology with a combination of traction control with vehicle dynamics control, active torque vectoring, and X-Mode, all of which are standard with all Outback trims.
Active torque vectoring applies the brake to the inner front wheel during turns for smoother, sharper cornering and X-Mode, selected using a dashboard button, optimizes multiple powertrain systems including engine output, transmission ratio, and AWD engagement for improved traction on slippery surfaces.
All Outbacks also have hill descent control, brake assist for added force in hard braking, and brake override, which detects when a driver accidentally presses both the brake and accelerator pedals. The Outback's SUV-like 8.7-inch ground clearance increases the odds of traversing most road conditions.
Outback safety tech
Subaru offers a moderate selection of passive and active safety and driver-assist tech, but you'll have to buy one of the highest trims or deck out the vehicle with options to get all or most of the offerings.
All Outback trims have a standard rearview camera, plus a revamped tire pressure monitoring system that now includes individual tire alerts. If you choose the base trim Outback 2.5i, the discussion ends here because other safety features are unavailable, even as options. Outback Premium trims and above have access to more feature as options or standard equipment. If you want an Outback with all current Outback safety and assist goodies, you have to opt for the highest trims, the 2.5i Touring or 3.6R Touring, which differ only in the engine.
Blind-spot detection with rear cross-traffic alert and Subaru's EyeSight Driver Assist Technology package are optional on the 2.5i Premium. The 2.5i Limited and 3.6R Limited get blind-spot detection with rear cross-traffic alert features standard, but the EyeSight tech package is optional. The Eyesight package, standard on the two Touring trims, includes adaptive cruise control, pre-collision braking, lane departure and sway warning, and lane-keep assist.
As mentioned above, LED steering-responsive headlights that turn as the driver steers are optional on the 2.5i Limited, and standard equipment with the 3.6R Limited and both Touring trims. Two features are standard for the Touring trims only, and optional with Limited models: automatic high-beam headlight control and reverse automatic braking that will apply the brakes if it detects an obstacle while backing up. Auto high beams are also optional with the 2.5i Premium.
Keeping track of which safety and assist features come with which trim is a challenge, so we built the table below, with standard features in bold to clarify which features are standard, optional, or not available with different trims.
Passive Safety/Driver Assist Features 2018 Outback 2.5i 2018 Outback 2.5i Premium 2018 Outback 2.5i Limited Rearview camera with backup assist gridlines Standard Standard Standard Blind-spot monitoring with cross-traffic alert Not available Optional Standard Adaptive cruise control Not available Optional Optional Lane departure and sway warning, lane-keep assist Not available Optional Optional Pre-collision braking Not available Optional Optional LED steering responsive headlights Not available Optional Auto high-beam headlamp Not available Optional Optional Reverse automatic braking Not available Optional
Passive Safety/Driver Assist Features 2018 Outback 2.5i Touring 2018 Outback 3.6R Limited 2018 Outback 3.6R Touring Rearview camera with backup assist gridlines Standard Standard Standard Blind-spot monitoring with cross-traffic alert Standard Standard Standard Adaptive cruise control Standard Optional Standard Lane departure and sway warning, lane-keep assist Standard Optional Standard Pre-collision braking Standard Optional Standard LED steering responsive headlights Standard Standard Standard Auto high-beam headlamp Standard Optional Standard Reverse automatic braking Standard Optional Standard
How to choose a 2018 Subaru Outback
The 2018 Outback 2.5i, starting price $25,895, is the least expensive model with few options or upgrade packages. The 2.5i has single-zone air conditioning, raised roof rails with integrated cross bars, a 6.5-inch infotainment display, and 17-inch alloy wheels
For 2018, the Outback 2.5i Premium, $27,995 to start, includes the features of the base 2.5i plus Subaru Starlink Safety and Security services, an 8-inch infotainment display, fog lights, dual-zone climate control, dual front seat and dual rear seat USB ports, an all-weather package with heated front seats, windshield wiper de-icer, and a power adjustable driver's seat. The Premium trim can be upgraded with blind-spot detection/rear cross-traffic alert and Subaru's EyeSight Driver Assist Technology package.
Starting at $32,695, the Outback 2.5i Limited adds leather-trimmed seats, a 576-watt-equivalent 12-speaker Harman Kardon premium audio system, 18-inch alloy wheels, power adjustable heated front passenger seat, heated rear seats, keyless access with push-button start, and a power rear liftgate. The Limited trim also includes a power moonroof and an auto-dimming rear mirror with HomeLink universal garage door opener.
Caitriona Balfe has dealt with some slippery talent in her career, but nothing prepared her for the sinuous charm of Scar, the five-foot python.
The Irish actress and her one-time serpentine costar met on the set of Balfe's Starz show “Outlander,” in which she plays headstrong heroine, Claire.
“There's a great scene where Scar slithers across [my character],” the former model told The Post at Wednesday's Delpozo show.
“I had my skirts around me, and [snakes] always try to find a little dark crevasse to go in,” she continued. “He kept trying to go in and hide! I thought I was being very cool with the snake, but all of the sudden, I was like, ‘Alright, we're done! Get him out of here!' ”
X Factor runner-up Nicholas McDonald appears at Motherwell Concert Hall on Friday at 7.30pm.
Nicholas will be performing tracks from his first album In the Arms of an Angel and his upcoming album.
He said: “It's great to come back to Motherwell and give something back to all my local fans who supported me throughout the X Factor and continue to do so. This will be a night to remember!”
Tickets costing £15 (£12.50 concessions) are available by calling 01698 403120 or online
Premium tickets are also available which includes entry to the soundcheck, meet and greet, and a signed poster.
Nigerian Soldiers Clear Boko Haram Out of Jarawa, Borno State, Rescues 1,623 Persons
Troops of 3 Battalion, 22 Brigade Nigerian Armies on Operation Lafiya Dole, assisted by 10 Civilian JTFs based on information received, today,
Monday 16th April 2017, embarked on an offensive on suspected location
of Boko Haram terrorists at Jarawa general area, Kala Balge Local
Government Area of Borno State.
According to a statement released by the Director, Army Public Relations, Sani Usman,
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News Today & Top Headlines | Cambells Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There has been some snow on the Isle of Wight todauy (see our Facebook post about Ventnor and the replies), but the Met Office has now issued a severe weather warning for the Isle of Wight for Ice.
Valid 4pm Monday to 11am on Tuesday, the warning reads:
Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning. There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
Image: © Isle of Wight Andy
Zach Magwood is now a member of the Nashville Predators, signing a three year entry level contract.
The Cambridge product finished fourth in Colts scoring in 2017/2018 with 27 goals and 32 assists for 59 points.
Magwood joins fellow forward Andrei Svechnikov, who put pen to paper on an entry level deal with the Carolina Hurricanes.
A man with a rare heart condition is on the hunt for sporty Wiganers to help fund an epic charity football match.
Josh Lambert is staging the incredible 12-hour long, five-a-side football match to raise money for the British Heart Foundation, to help fund their life-saving research.
The 25-year-old suffers from Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome, a condition that causes the heart to beat abnormally fast for periods of time. WPW affects between one and three people out of every 1,000.
Josh was born with the condition but it was only detected in 2012 when it was picked up during surgery on his stomach.
The half-day match will take place from 9am to 9pm on Saturday September 16 and will involve two squads of 15 facing off at the Soccerdome on Stadium Way.
It will be the second year Josh has organised the match, and he is keen to beat the £1,600 he raised last year.
He said: “Last year was a great event and the support was brilliant, I am looking forward to the day and hopefully raising even more money this year!” Sponsor Josh at his Justgiving page.
Beachgoers find world's oldest message in a bottle The world's oldest message in a bottle — dating back 132 years — was picked up by unsuspecting Australian beachgoers who thought it might “look good on a bookcase.” Tonya...
Famous Thai beach is closing because tourists have ruined it This pretty stretch of sand in Thailand's Phi Phi islands has been a bucket-list staple ever since it was the other star — besides Leonardo DiCaprio — of Danny Boyle's...
Bizarre blue sea creatures wash up on Sydney beaches Mysterious blue sea creatures with wings like a dragon have amazed beach-goers after washing up in their hundreds in Sydney. Experts warned people not to touch the mini monsters –...
Tourist felt hookworms crawling in her foot after walk on beach A woman has described the horror of feeling hookworms moving under her skin after contracting them on a Vietnam beach. And the unnamed victim revealed medication only made it worse,...
Topless beachgoers: Let us free the nipple CONCORD, N.H. — A city law in New Hampshire that bans women from showing their nipples is unconstitutional and discriminatory, a lawyer for three women accused of violating it told...
Tourist dies days after beach sand tunnel collapsed on him A tourist in Florida who was buried digging a sand tunnel died two days later from his injuries, according to his family. Lee Goggin, a 35-year-old dad, was rescued from...
Tourist's sand tunnel on beach turns tragic A tourist in Florida was being kept alive on a ventilator after he was digging a sand tunnel on a beach with his family and it suddenly collapsed on top...
Pal around with Miami's elite on a truly private island Most folks think of Fisher Island as a private, beachfront condo development in Miami — which it is. But the 200-acre islet is also a hotel, with 15 cabana-like rooms...
How to keep everyone happy on your next Mexican vacation Take your family to the Yucatán Peninsula's Caribbean coast — and do so soon, before overdevelopment smothers its charms. Kids stuck between carefree childhood and teenage angst will delight in...
Winter isn't going anywhere.
The famed groundhog Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow Friday morning, which means an early spring isn't on its way, according to local lore.
JUST IN: #GroundhogDay: Punxsutawney Phil has seen his shadow, declaring 6 more weeks of winter during annual Feb. 2 tradition in Punxsutawney, Penn. pic.twitter.com/729IVk2lR2 — NBC News (@NBCNews) February 2, 2018
Thousands of revelers bundled up in 11-degree temperatures in the town of Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, about 80 miles northeast of Pittsburgh, to witness Phil's annual prediction on how long the North American winter will last. According to legend, if the rodent emerges from his dwelling and sees his shadow, six more weeks of winter should be expected.
But if Phil doesn't see his shadow, spring is in for an early arrival.
Related: Groundhog day spotlights America's favorite weather animal
His prediction this year comes after record-breaking freezing temperatures across North America and an unusually powerful winter storm known as a "bomb cyclone."
Visitors walk through Barclay Square park on the eve of Groundhog Day during the Groundhog Day celebration in Punxsutawney, Penn., on Feb. 1, 2018. DAVID MAXWELL / EPA
Groundhogs, portly rodents belonging to the squirrel family, have been offering weather predictions in the tiny town since 1887.
The annual Groundhog Day event, made more popular by the 1993 comedy film "Groundhog Day" starring Bill Murray, draws faithful followers from as far away as Australia and Russia. This year was the 132nd ceremony.
Phil is not the only weather-predicting groundhog on the East Coast. His competitor, a groundhog named Chuck, also made a prediction in the New York City borough of Staten Island on Friday, contradicting Phil and finding an early spring is coming.
Chuck famously a bit former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg during the ceremony in 2009.
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly gave final approval Wednesday evening to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor, ending years of partisan gridlock on the issue.
The state Senate voted in favor of expansion after a full day of debate. The House, which had had previously endorsed expansion, gave its final approval shortly afterward. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to approve the measure.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days, and the roughly 400,000 newly eligible low-income Virginias will begin enrolling in Medicaid at the start of next year.
Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, and a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage. The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement.
Wednesday's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Virginia Democrats have argued the state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously been near unified in blocking past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia's partisan battle was finally ended.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"It is a ticking time bomb," said GOP Sen. Bill Stanley.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections.
President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate his predecessor's health law. And White House officials, including budget director Mick Mulvaney, have urged Virginia lawmakers this year not to expand Medicaid.
Yet ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans for expansion.
Virginia GOP Speaker Kick Cox said the Trump administration's openness to conservative reforms, including work requirements, "was probably the biggest key" in getting Republican support for Medicaid expansion.
Last year, Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Larry Kwong, the first player of Asian heritage to appear in an NHL game, has died at age 94.
Kwong, who played a shift with the New York Rangers in a March 13, 1948 game against the Montreal Canadiens, died on Thursday in Calgary according to an obituary posted online.
Born in Vernon, B.C., on June 17, 1923, Kwong played as a youth with his hometown Hydrophones before moving up to the senior ranks, joining the Trail Smoke Eaters as an 18-year-old.
He eventually joined the New York Rovers, a Rangers farm team, and led them in scoring in the 1947–1948 season.
After his brief appearance with the Rangers, Kwong went on to play several seasons with the Valleyfield Braves of the Quebec Senior Hockey League. He also played in England and Switzerland, where he also coached.
Kwong was inducted into the B.C. Sports Hall of Fame on Sept. 19, 2013.
Decent sleep is better for us than a 50 percent rise in income, a study found.
It is the strongest indicator of well-being, followed by satisfaction with our sex lives, job security and a sense of community.
Analysts at Oxford Economics quizzed 8,250 Brits for the first Living Well Index for Sainsbury's, finding the average score was 62.2 out of 100 — with sleep quality adding 3.8 points alone.
Twenty percent had the highest scores, between 72 and 92.
Worrying about the health of relatives contributed to a difference of 1.75 points between the typical Brit and this living best.
OE, working with the National Center for Social Research, found disposable income has little impact on how people feel.
A 50 percent pay rise contributed to just a 0.5 point increase in the overall score.
OE said: “The richness of relationships and support networks remain among the biggest determinants of how well we live.”
Social etiquette once stated no phones at the dinner table, now we're documenting every meal. Bedtime was once for sleeping, now we're wide awake with the glare of our smart-phone screens. Brits are in a serious, long term relationship with technology.
UK adults spend an average of 21.6 hours online each week (not including work) according to the annual Ofcom Media Attitudes Report 2016. Nearly nine in ten (87 per cent) of all UK adults said they use the internet (on any device) either at home or elsewhere, 7 in 10 own and use a smartphone and a staggering 99 per cent of adults has taken at least once selfie (unofficial report). Evidently we're a screen addicted nation.
Our dependency on the internet, social media and technology is so great that a number of studies have seen a direct link to usage and an increase in anxiety and depression. Intense social media and internet use is distorting every day reality and ironically disconnecting us from the real world.
Digital Detox
We spoke with award winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists It's Time To Log Off, Tanya Goodin, to find out how we can reconnect with the real world.
“Our use of technology has gotten completely unbalanced and we are now spending more time online than offline,” Tanya explains. “The evidence is mounting up through studies and research that this is bad for our focus, concentration, sleep and overall mental health.”
Internet and social media addiction disorder is a relatively new phenomenon but isn't one completely unheard of. In fact this new addiction is such a global problem that the Japanese ministry of education introduced internet ‘fasting camps' for over half a million screen addicted children. It's not just children glued to their phones though.
“Adults now spend more than eight hours a day on screens, and check their smartphones more than 150 times a day. But you don't really don't need statistics to show you how bad it is, just walk down any street, look round any restaurant, everyone is on their phones - all the time!”
Hit the switch
Pressing the power off button might not be the easiest thing to do but the instant benefits of logging off will be immense. A digital detox will increase productivity, improve real life human relationships, help posture and most importantly boost mental health. Technology is so entwined in our lives how can we log off without feeling left out?
“Set boundaries around time and boundaries around place to help you log off occasionally. Technology is a wonderful thing but our always-on 24:7 digital lifestyle is what's causing the problem,” advises Tanya.
“Boundaries around time could be ‘no work email after 8pm at night' and boundaries around place could be ‘no phones in the bedroom' or ‘no phones at the meal table'.”
To find out about It's Time To Log Off visit www.itstimetologoff.com.
How to detox from digital
If you can't get through a day without religiously checking your phone then it may be time to have a digital detox. Here are more tips on helping with your digital detox:
Start with 24 hours
It won't be easy, in fact it might be the longest 86400 seconds of your life but by going cold turkey you will familiarize yourself with being technology free. Start with 24 hours, then do evenings, then the full weekend.
Get a landline
According to Ofcom 14 per cent of UK households live in a mobile only phone with no landline. If you have self-diagnosed hypo-vibro-chondria (phantom phone vibration), a household telephone is much better for families, doesn't run out of batter and is useful in emergencies. Plus you'll stop being so glued to your handset.
Pick up a paper
Reading off a screen will inevitably damage your eyesight so read the day's new in depth whilst supporting your local paper by actually buying one.
Remember your camera?
Brits allegedly take 1 million selfies a day. In fact more people have allegedly died from taking dangerous selfies than from shark attacks. Drop the phone and pick up your actual camera. It is definitely a more enjoyable way to capture the moment.
Unlike everything
Have a social media cull. More than seven in ten (73 per cent) of internet users have a social media profile, according to Ofcom's report, and to Mark Zuckerberg's delight they are more likely to be on Facebook than any other social media site.
Keep bedtime for bed
The bedroom is for sleeping, so sleep! Forget scrolling aimlessly through Twitter and switch your phone off. Avoid temptation by using an actual alarm clock for your 7am wake-up call.
Image copyright US Navy via AFP/Getty Images Image caption The US nuclear force is based on land, sea and air-based weapons
The US military has proposed diversifying its nuclear arsenal and developing new, smaller atomic bombs, largely to counter Russia.
The latest thinking was revealed in a Pentagon policy statement known as the Nuclear Posture Review (NPR).
The US military is concerned Moscow sees US nuclear weapons as too big to be used - meaning they are no longer an effective deterrent.
Developing smaller nukes would challenge that assumption, it argues.
Low-yield weapons are smaller, less powerful bombs with a strength below 20 kilotons.
They are still devastating, however. The atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Nagasaki at the end of World War Two had about the same explosive power, and killed more than 70,000 people.
"Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable," the document said.
US Deputy Secretary of Defence, Patrick Shanahan, said the country's nuclear arsenal had kept it safe for over 70 years.
"We cannot afford to let it become obsolete," he told a media briefing in Washington.
It is the first time since 2010 that the US military has outlined its perception of future nuclear threats.
The proposed "tactical" nukes would not increase America's arsenal, which is already considerable, but would repurpose existing warheads.
Nonetheless, critics have accused the Trump administration of challenging the spirit of non-proliferation agreements.
The NPR also highlights the White House's concerns about North Korea, China and Iran.
Good insurance, or a step towards nuclear war?
Analysis by Jonathan Marcus, BBC Defence and Diplomatic Correspondent
For the Trump Administration the goal of this review is to modernise and adapt the US nuclear arsenal for unsettled times.
The three main elements of America's nuclear forces - Land-based ballistic missiles, submarine-launched missiles, and air-delivered weapons - are to be extensively modernised.
These are programmes which actually began under the Obama Administration.
What is new is the perceived need for two new types of nuclear weapons to provide - in the words of US officials - "more flexible capabilities to give tailored deterrence".
These include the modification of some submarine-launched nuclear warheads to give a lower-yield or less powerful detonation, as well as bringing back sea-based nuclear cruise missiles.
US officials insist that this makes the US deterrent more credible and thus actually raises the nuclear threshold.
But critics worry that such weapons could blur the distinction between nuclear and non-nuclear systems, and actually make a nuclear war more likely.
Everything you need to catch up on for college basketball season Feeling like there's too much studying to do to get caught up and ready for the start of college basketball season? Here's a primer that will help you cram for...
Coaching sons' success all about hard work, Millers' dad says MEMPHIS, Tenn. — As the Miller brothers prepared to coach their teams in Saturday's Elite Eight games on opposite ends of the country — Archie's Dayton Flyers taking on Florida...
Bronx frosh Smith & Flyers won't back down MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Scoochie Smith's cellphone was blowing up with text messages and voice mails. Minutes earlier, his 11th-seeded Dayton Flyers had advanced to the Elite Eight with an 82-72...
Upstart Dayton rolls Stanford, now a victory from Final Four MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Dayton had watched George Mason, Butler and finally VCU make upset-filled, mid-major runs to the Final Four. The Flyers — the last non-BCS football school still standing...
For Arizona's Sean Miller, success a tribute to family ANAHEIM, Calif. — Sean Miller has a job to do Thursday — a difficult job — trying to advance his No. 1-seeded Arizona team to the Elite Eight with a...
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
LeBron James has carried the Cleveland Cavaliers to the NBA Finals, but Metta World Peace wants to see him work harder on defense.
Four-time MVP James will feature in the Finals for the eighth straight season when the Cavs take on the Golden State Warriors in game one at Oracle Arena on Thursday.
The 33-year-old had seven 40-point matches in the playoffs and proved key in their game seven win over the Boston Celtics in the Eastern Conference finals.
Despite his supreme offensive exploits, World Peace would like to see James combine it with a stronger output on the defensive end.
"I'm a huge LeBron fan, I see what he's done with his career. One of the greatest ever," World Peace told Omnisport when promoting his new book.
"When you're playing basketball, you don't see the practices. I don't mean to rain on people's parade, but right now he's not playing defense. But he is carrying his team.
"And for me, I want to see how those numbers look when you have to hustle and score - which he does, but right now maybe he's a little older so I give him that credit.
"His numbers are monstrous but he's giving up three-point shots right now. But he is carrying the whole load, so it weighs itself out. But I want to see that from him now."
James' future at the Cavs remains up in the air with free agency on the horizon at the end of the season, but it has been reported he is keen to give up his ball-handling responsibilities.
It is something World Peace would be eager for, particularly as it would offer the 14-time All-Star more of a chance to display his defense.
He said: "Next year he's saying he might play off the ball, which is going to give him more freedom to hustle, which is going to be really interesting.
"Right now, people just see the numbers, I'm looking at the total game, but I don't say that to rain on his parade."
- For more information or to order a copy of No Malice: My Life in Basketball or: How a Kid from Queensbridge Survived the Streets, the Brawls, and Himself to Become an NBA Champion, by Metta World Peace please visit www.triumphbooks.com/nomalice.
PARIS: Chinese smartphone maker Huawei managed to gain ground on Samsung and Apple in terms of market share last year, following the problems encountered by the two sector giants, the Gartner consultancy group said on Wednesday.
Over the year as a whole, the Chinese maker saw its sales leap by 26.7 percent, while the South Korean and US rivals both saw their sales decline by 4.3 percent, Gartner said in a study.
As result, Huawei was able to increase its share of the smartphone sector to 8.9 percent in 2016 from 7.3 percent a year earlier, while Samsung saw its market share shrink by two full percentage points to 20.5 percent and Apple's contracted to 14.4 percent from 15.9 percent.
“Chinese makers succeeded in winning market share over last year and Huawei now seems to be the main rival to the two giants, even if the gap remains large,” Gartner analyst Annette Zimmermann told AFP.
Among the other Chinese smartphone makers are OPPO, BBK Communication Equipment (with its One Plus and Vivo brands), ZTE, Xiaomi and Lenovo.
“We're seeing a very real progression compared with earlier years, when the number three maker and the others had struggled to hold on to a market share of more than four percent,” Zimmermann said.
“Huawei looks likely to strengthen its position again this year,” she added.
In the fourth quarter of 2016 alone, the launch of the iPhone 7 and Samsung's difficulties with its Note 7 model enabled Apple to take top slot in the market with a share of 17.9 percent or 77 million units sold.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the October-December period, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, while Huawei sold 40.8 million phones or a market share of 9.5 percent.
“Preliminary data for the current quarter suggest that Samsung will overtake Apple again. But it's remarkable that Apple can hold on to that sort of share of the market with a closed eco-system,” the analyst said.
With regard to the different operating systems, Android, which is used by the large majority of smartphone makers, commands a market share of 81.7 percent, while Apple's iOS operating system of its iPhones and iPads accounts for 17.9 percent of the market.
Video
For Sylvia Mac the deep, painful scar tissues on her back, tummy and leg ruled her life. People said it was OK, because it wasn't on her face. But it wasn't.
Last year she finally learned to accept her body.
Listen to Sylvia speaking to Ena Miller on Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday 15 August 2017 at 10:00
Sylvia set up a website, Love Disfigure, to support people with disfigurements.
Federal authorities arrested a Canadian man this summer accused of an Isis-inspired plot to attack music concerts, landmarks and crowded subway in New York City, according to multiple officials familiar with the case.
The news comes days after a lone actor with no link to any terror group opened fire on a concert crowd in Las Vegas, killing 58 people. Terrorists earlier killed concertgoers in England and France.
Investigators said the goal was to injure as many people as possible, but the suspect was arrested before obtaining any weapons. They described the plot as inspired by the ISIS terror group but said it was more aspirational than operational. It wasn't immediately clear which venues may have been targeted.
Officials said the suspect spoke to a second man about wanting to strike Times Square and the crowded New York City subway during rush hour. Times Square saw a failed car bomb attempt by terrorist Faisal Shahzad in 2010 and the 2009 Zazi plot was set to be a series of backpack bombings on the subways.
New York Police stand in the Times Square district of New York in 2013. LUCAS JACKSON / Reuters file
While the plan may have been aspirational, former FBI Supervisor J.J. Klaver said the FBI, the Joint Terrorism Task Force and the U.S. Attorney's Office wouldn't have made the arrest if the man's plans were "just idle talk."
"They are going to look at the extent of the plans being made and the extent that these guys are taking actions to further those plans," said Klaver.
Although officials said the plot was discovered months ago, prosecutors were not prepared to reveal the arrests until Friday, in part because federal agents wanted to be certain no other people were involved.
Klaver said terrorism investigations require a balance "between protecting the integrity of the investigation and letting the public know the vital information they need to determine whether or not they feel safe going to a particular venue."
Sources familiar with the case said this was not a typical law enforcement sting operation, but the FBI and the NYPD became aware of the plot and introduced an undercover operative to help monitor it.
Santa Claus is handing Mattel a lump of coal for Christmas.
The struggling California toy maker warned investors on Monday that its holiday sales will be lower than expected — by the mid-to-high single digits.
Last year, the maker of Barbie, Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price reported sales fell 3 percent in the holiday quarter.
As a result of the sluggish sales, the El Segundo company will write down inventory and offer deeper discounts to “clear inventory” this year, it said in a regulatory filing.
The drop in revenue comes despite an increase in advertising and promotion expenses compared with last year.
The grim forecast was followed by all three major rating agencies — Fitch, Moody's and S&P — downgrading Mattel debt to junk status.
Mattel also disclosed in the filing that it plans to offer $1 billion in senior unsecured notes due in 2025.
Meanwhile, in November, rival Hasbro approached Mattel about a takeover, according to reports.
Mattel has been losing market share to its Pawtucket, RI, rival.
Shares of Mattel closed at $15.37, up 2.2 percent, Monday.
Video
Football fans were celebrating in Middlesbrough's Centre Square as they watched England go through to the quarter-finals in the 2018 World Cup.
One jubilant fan seemed even happier than most when he stripped off and ran around the square.
Mexico's new president-elect, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, attended a meeting Tuesday with a visible lack of security, telling reporters that “the people” will protect him.
Lopez Obrador, a leftist populist who won the country's election by a landslide Sunday, traveled to a meeting with outgoing President Enrique Peña Nieto at the National Palace in Mexico City as a half-dozen television cameramen on motorcycles trekked alongside his car, which had the windows open.
The 64-year-old suggested journalists would cover his back, but jokingly complained that “I have been hit a few times by cameras,” and he told reporters: “Don't squash me.”
The ingoing and outgoing presidents met to discuss the transition of power, which will take place Dec. 1.
Lopez Obrador said he planned a meeting with international leaders — including Pope Francis, rights activists and the United Nations — for Tuesday night to discuss ideas to solve Mexico's violent crime.
That violence was on many minds as television stations carried live images of Lopez Obrador weaving through Mexico City's notoriously chaotic traffic in the front passenger seat of a compact car that was at least 5 years old.
One television reporter on a motorcycle even interviewed Lopez Obrador briefly through the car's open window.
The president-elect said he's forgoing the country's equivalent of Secret Service protection, and will essentially dissolve the agency back into the army. Lopez Abrador also said he'd sell off government airplanes and travel on commercial flights.
“He who fights for justice has nothing to fear,” he said. “I do not want to have bodyguards.”
Jose Antonio Crespo, of Mexico's Center for Economic Research, called Lopez Obrador's decision to have minimal security “a little demagogic.”
“It is a little demagogic to say, ‘I am just like anybody else, I have no privileges,' when he isn't just an average citizen, he is a head of state,” Crespo said. “A good part of the country's stability and rule of law depend on his security and health.”
Lopez Obrador's former security lead, who organized his detail when he served as Mexico City mayor from 2000 to 2006, said that while the all-female group never acted as his traditional bodyguards, the president-elect “is no longer Andres Manuel … He represents a whole nation.”
A total of 145 politicians — most local figures — have been killed in Mexico since September.
Tobacco claimed another victim Wednesday — President Donald Trump's pick to head the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The agency's director, Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, tendered her resignation following a Politico report that she had “bought shares in a tobacco company one month into the leadership of the agency.”
Brenda Fitzgerald, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC via Reuters
“Dr. Fitzgerald owns certain complex financial interests that have imposed a broad recusal limiting her ability to complete all of her duties as the CDC Director,” the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said in a statement. “Due to the nature of these financial interests, Dr. Fitzgerald could not divest from them in a definitive time period.”
So Fitzgerald resigned, the HHS said.
There was no additional comment from Fitzgerald, who is a doctor and the former Georgia Department of Public Health commissioner.
Fitzgerald, who is 71, declined to explain to Politico why she purchased thousands of dollars of Big Tobacco stocks after assuming leadership of the CDC on July 7.
An HHS spokesman confirmed "the potentially conflicting" stock purchases to Politico but said they were handled by Fitzgerald's financial manager and that she subsequently sold them.
Critics like Richard Painter, who was President George W. Bush's ethics lawyers from 2005 to 2007, told Politico that Fitzgerald's purchases were “tone deaf” and “ridiculous.”
In an email to NBC News after Fitzgerald resigned, Painter called the stock purchases "an obvious conflict of interest."
"Shows how oblivious this administration is to financial conflicts of interest," Painter wrote. "One of many examples at very high levels."
Neither the White House nor Trump, who is not a smoker, weighed-in immediately on Fitzgerald's resignation. Nor did the HHS name a possible replacement for Fitzgerald, whose appointment does not require Senate approval.
Fitzgerald's exit came four months after Tom Price resigned as the Health and Human Services Secretary after days of public outcry over his use of expensive private jets to conduct government business.
The CDC has for years made fighting smoking a priority and calls it "the leading cause of preventable death" on its website.
"The tobacco industry spends billions of dollars each year on cigarette advertising and promotions," the CDC says. "Smoking costs the United States billions of dollars each year."
As of 2015, some 36.5 million Americans still smoked, despite repeated warnings that it causes cancer, the CDC reported.
Dr. Tom Frieden, who headed the CDC under President Barack Obama, defended Fitzgerald "as someone who was committed to supporting public health and protecting Americans."
"I have spoken with Dr. Fitzgerald and believe her when she says that she was unaware that a tobacco company investment had been made, she understands that any affiliation between the tobacco industry and public health is unacceptable, and that when she learned of it, she directed that it be sold," Frieden said in a statement.
You may want to rethink that nightcap. – By Natalie Rizzo
Some mornings you jump out of bed, raring to go when that alarm goes off. Other mornings? Going for a run is the last thing you want to do. What you're putting on your plate may actually mess with your sleep cycle. Limit these nighttime eats, and your morning self will thank you.
1. Tomato Sauce
When it comes to getting a good night's sleep, this pasta favourite has two strikes against it. Not only can it cause heartburn for people who suffer from acid reflux, it also contains the amino acid tyramine. This triggers the brain to release norepinephrine, a stimulant that boosts brain activity and inhibits sleep.
RELATED: 7 Ways Runners Can Get Better Sleep
2. Chocolate
Chocolate naturally contains caffeine, which may be problematic for those who aren't used to consuming it regularly. Chocolate also has a compound called theobromine, a heart stimulant that causes an increase in heart rate, making it difficult to fall asleep. Still not ready to ditch your favourite dessert? Try a piece of white chocolate.
3. Alcohol
Hear us out: While alcohol is a natural depressant that may help you fall asleep, it makes it difficult to go into a deep sleep, affecting sleep quality. Plus, a hangover may not be the way you want to start your long run.
4. Steak
Sure, once in awhile, treat yourself to that hearty steak dinner, but not when you need a good night's rest. Research has shown that eating foods high in saturated fat, like a good steak, interferes with deep sleep. These foods also take longer to digest, causing indigestion, which can make it hard to sleep.
RELATED: 6 Foods That Can Give You Runner's Trots
5. Spicy Food
Spicy foods – looking at you, curry! – can trigger heartburn in those who have acid reflux, which can be exacerbated when laying down. And new research has found that eating less salt throughout the day will reduce your bathroom trips at night.
6. Fizzy Drinks
Regularly consuming soda, which has caffeine and sugar, has been linked to a short sleep duration. On the flipside, a glass of tart pineapple juice before bed can help ward off insomnia.
RELATED: 5 Hydration Mistakes You Are Probably Making
7. Water
A glass of water before bed is fine (and encouraged!). But trying to hydrate for your morning run by chugging several glasses can lead to frequent bathroom breaks in the middle of the night. Instead, drink water throughout the day and bring a water bottle on your morning run. You can also snack on water-rich fruits, like kiwi, which is 60 percent water and a good source of sleep-inducing serotonin.
Wales midfielder Joe Allen says the 1-0 win in Georgia puts them in good stead for Monday's World Cup qualifying showdown with Republic of Ireland in Cardiff.
REPORT:Wales win to maintain play-off hopes
REPORT:Republic set up Wales decider
Effective Protection Or Wasted Weight?
By Will Dabbs, MD
Photos Sarah Dabbs
It's embarrassing to admit, but my first concealed carry pistol back when dinosaurs roamed the plains was an FIE Titan in .25 ACP. We had no money and my precious young wife gave me the $50 handgun as a birthday present. I cherish it still for that reason.
An imminently compact single action autoloader, this pipsqueak of a handgun rode loose in my pocket stoked with Glaser Safety Slugs underneath an empty chamber. These novel cartridges drove copper bullet jackets filled with number 12 lead shot. Given the horrid ballistics of this diminutive little cartridge and its inevitably poor penetration I likely would have been better off just throwing the tiny gun at somebody. However, I was technically “packing heat” and it made me feel better when my family and I had to traverse the spaces where the wild things roamed.
This adorable little Baby Browning .25 ACP, though impractically small, was surprisingly accurate.
Will says he could pop stumps with the tiny little gun at 30 meters or more despite its diminutive
chassis and “worthless” sights.
The Wound Report
Our hero was heading out for a night on the town and dropped a Jennings .25 pistol into the right front pocket of his jeans alongside his cigarettes. Later in the evening as he was fishing for his smokes the little gun accidentally discharged. The music was so loud in the bar that nobody heard the gunshot. Shaken but otherwise unimpeded, the man's revelry continued until he went home to pass out in a drunken stupor.
By noon the following day his left knee had grown sore. I saw him in the ER and an X-ray revealed a deformed .25-caliber bullet resting inside the joint capsule of his knee. The entrance wound was literally invisible. The orthopedists fished out the round and the man left to party another day. However, he had gone almost 24 hours, literally without knowing he was shot. As the round had transited from his right front pocket to his left knee, his greatest relief was his manhood remained undamaged.
A sweet little old lady ran a small grocery store which was the object of an armed robbery. The bad guy tossed a round from an unknown .25-caliber pistol in her direction as he left the store, just for the sake of meanness. The tiny little bullet caught the hapless woman in the neck and cleanly severed her spinal cord, a structure that, at that level, is about the diameter of your little finger. She survived but will never take another step. While ballistics are important, shot placement is everything.
North American Arms offers a wide array of accessories for their superb little revolvers. Holsters and
grips of various sorts, laser sights and sundry bling make a fine last ditch backup gun even better.
NAA Microguns
We have all seen them — those adorable little stainless steel revolvers which are ubiquitous fixtures in American gun shops. Meticulously cut from surgical-grade stainless steel, these little single-action wheelguns are just cute as can be. They're available in sizes ranging from a truly tiny .22 Short version looking like it's scaled for your kid's GI Joes up to convertible variants launching legitimately powerful .22 Magnum rounds. These guns are the pocket pistols you need never be without. They drop painlessly into the front pocket of your pants and weigh just about nothing.
The tiniest in .22 Short is simply charming. There is a sighting groove cut in the top strap but the hammer occludes this appendage in both the cocked and released positions. This Lilliputian handgun can indeed chuck bullets but it's really too small for practical use. It does, however, look genuinely awesome on the wall of my gunroom.
My convertible .22 Magnum version, however, is indeed a powerful defensive firearm, particularly when stoked with Winchester PDX-1 defensive rounds. The handgrip pivots to enclose the trigger assembly and makes the gun safe and comfortable pocket fodder.
I can have the pistol up and firing out of my pocket in less than two seconds. Recoil and muzzle blast are fairly impressive in .22 Magnum but I can hit fine at appropriate near-contact ranges. Additionally, I use the .22 LR cylinder for range time and the magnum version for social work. Mine is on me literally all the time I am not sleeping or in the shower.
Even with advanced bullets, the .25 ACP cartridge really does not possess enough energy to make it
reliably effective. The blue-tipped rounds shown here are the original Glaser Safety Slugs Will
carried nearly 30 years ago.
The Couch Potato
Soured on the evening's television fare the gentleman fumbled with and dropped his TV remote. While groping blindly for the device underneath his sofa he came across a previously forgotten .22 pistol. Mightily vexed as to whether or not he had left it loaded, he did what anyone of his comportment, education, breeding, and upbringing might have done. He drew a careful bead on his right big toe and squeezed the trigger.
The round center-punched his toenail, passing cleanly through his toe and transiting both the screen and chassis of his television before lodging in the sheetrock beyond. In competent hands a .22 is plenty powerful to kill you. In incompetent hands it can foment a great deal of mayhem as well.
Anyone decrying the .22 Magnum round as inadequate to stoke a backup gun has never shot anything soft and
wet with it. When launching appropriate bullets like the PDX1 Defender from Winchester, the .22 Magnum can
be fearsome at appropriate ranges.
Ruminations
In a real defensive encounter you would indeed be better served with your favorite tricked-out M4. However, good luck concealing that as you scoot out to the supermarket late at night for milk and diapers. A .22 or .25 pocket gun is a poor substitute for a Glock 17 but they both are a heck of a lot better than foul language
or pleading.
Both the FIE Titan and my little Baby Browning will ride painlessly in a front pocket so long as basic safety rules are observed. While the .25 ACP is decidedly marginal, the Winchester .22 Magnum PDX1 Defender round launched out of the NAA revolver, however, is legitimately effective. None of these guns is particularly accurate beyond bad breath range, but thus is the nature of a backup gun.
Guns such as these are your final option after all else has been exhausted. After half a century of sharing the planet with the sorts of folks who kept my ER hopping, I have come to the conclusion that under-powered beats “no-powered.” *
For more info:
www.gunsmagazine.com/index
Read More Exclusive Online Articles
Looking For More?
Order A Printed Issue $9.95
Purchase And Download A PDF Edition $4.50
Ian “Sheepie” Smith returns to Motherwell Theatre once again this festive season to star in Jack and the Beanstalk.
Ian has entertained audiences in Motherwell for the last eight years with roles such as Smee in last year's panto Peter Pan.
With humour that transcends generations, Ian leaves kids and adults in stitches, so if you love to laugh then don't miss your chance to see Jack and the Beanstalk live at Motherwell Theatre from November 17–January 7.
Ian said: “When I heard that this year Jack and the Beanstalk was coming to Motherwell Theatre I couldn't wait to get back on the stage as Muddles; Jack's silly brother.”
Production director Bev Berridge added: “Jack and the Beanstalk is a classic because it has such great characters, we have Sheepie in it as the comic, but we also have the great giant who will scare
everyone!
“This year's pantomime will be the best yet, because we have invested so much into it. So book your tickets early or you'll not be able to see it.”
For more information about show times and to book tickets visit culturenl or call 01698 403120.
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Portugal for a 24-hour official visit during which she will discuss the European Union's future with local officials.
Merkel flew Wednesday to the northern Portuguese city of Porto, where she was met by Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa.
She was due to inaugurate a research center run by German auto parts manufacturer Bosch before visiting Porto University's Institute for Health Research and Innovation, where she was to meet with students.
On Thursday, Merkel is due in the capital city of Lisbon for talks with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa and with Costa before a lunchtime news conference.
Germany is one of Portugal's biggest foreign investors.
President Trump lashed out Monday morning against the New York Times, denying a story that he spends several hours a day glued to the TV.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting.”
Trump was responding to a Times article citing White House insiders who reported the president spends “at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that” planted in front of the boob tube, sometimes watching on mute as he seethes over negative coverage of himself.
Trump has made his hatred for MSNBC and CNN clear in recent months, as he has heaped praise on Fox News — particularly morning show “Fox and Friends.”
His position on Lemon appears to have shifted in recent years — Trump called him very professional two years ago.
“Great interview tonight @donlemon – very professionally done. @CNN,” he tweeted Dec. 9, 2015.
The president's missive came as Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio were about to give a press conference on the terror bombing inside the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
Trump has been briefed on that, according to a statement from the White House, but the president had not spoken publicly about it Monday morning.
The Office of Government Ethics warned the White House there is "strong reason" to believe presidential aide Kellyanne Conway violated ethics rules and that disciplinary action is warranted in a letter made public on Tuesday.
OGE Director Walter Shaub said Conway's urging of Americans to buy Ivanka Trump's products during a television interview from the White House briefing room "would establish a clear violation of the prohibition against misuse of position."
The OGE letter comes in response to a bipartisan inquiry into the incident the top ranking Republican and Democrat on the House Oversight Committee.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Conway had been "counseled" for the incident. But Shaub said his office has not received any notification of disciplinary action.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Cummings: Ivanka Trump plug 'clear violation' 8:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff, is what I was [saying] — I hate shopping and I'm going to go get some myself today," Conway said on Fox News in response to a question about some retailers no longer promoting Ivanka Trump's products. The letter notes that both the White House seal and an American flag were framed behind her.
Federal law bars federal branch employees from profiting off their jobs.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," the letter states.
Shaub asked White House lawyers to notify the OGE of the findings of the investigation or corrective actions taken by Feb. 28.
Drama teacher busted using N-word in stand-up show A white Brooklyn Heights middle-school drama teacher is under investigation after a video surfaced of her role-playing a student using the N-word during a stand-up performance, The Post has learned....
Daniel Day-Lewis doesn't know why he's retiring “I did want to draw a line. I didn't want to get sucked back into another project," Day-Lewis shared.
Confessions of an actress who's been groped, kissed and ditched by men in charge As an actress, Sarah Donnelly faces sexual harassment all the time. “In meetings, men somehow accidentally grab, graze, touch my breasts,” she revealed to New York Post. “It's happened so...
Behind the scenes of the movie 'Breathe' Andrew Garfield said, “We filmed in England, and three weeks in South Africa because the first of their courtship before he was struck down was in Kenya."
Police shoot at actor mistaken for real bank robber Police in Indiana fired a gunshot at a man who they thought was a thief on Tuesday, but was actually just an actor playing one. The incident occurred after Indiana...
Search begins for actress to play Sherry Lansing onscreen Sources say Paramount and “Mission: Impossible” producer Paula Wagner are in early discussions to turn Lansing's tome into a film.
Mercer coaches, players, fans excited about NCAA tourney opponent
Mercer opens 2017 football season against Jacksonville
1:04
Watch as Gael Monfils leaps in the air and smashes an athletic overhead to win the point against Paolo Lorenzi.
WATCH MORE: Have you ever seen this? Monfils challenges own good serve
Available to UK users only.
Air pollution might raise a kid's risk of diabetes, new research shows.
Pollution has long been known to cause or worsen lung cancer, asthma and cardiovascular damage.
The study from a team at the University of Southern California found that Latino children living in areas with higher levels of air pollution may also suffer damage to the pancreas — the organ that produces insulin. That, in turn, could raise their risk of developing Type 2 diabetes.
A view of the Los Angeles city skyline as heavy smog shrouds the city in 2015. Mark Ralston / AFP/Getty Images
"Exposure to heightened air pollution during childhood increases the risk for Hispanic children to become obese and, independent of that, to also develop Type 2 diabetes," said Michael Goran, who worked on the study.
The children who participated in the study lived in areas that, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, had excess nitrogen dioxide and tiny air pollution particles that are generated by vehicles and power plants.
Related: Could Air Pollution Be Making Us Fat?
By the time the children turned 18, their insulin-creating pancreatic cells were 13 percent less efficient than normal, making them more vulnerable to developing Type 2 diabetes, Goran's team found.
They also had nearly 27 percent higher blood insulin after having fasted for 12 hours. During their two-hour glucose test, had about 26 percent more insulin than normal, showing the body was using insulin less efficiently.
Related: Air Pollution Kills 3 Million a Year: Study
The study, funded by the National Institutes of Health and published in the journal Diabetes, is the first to connect air pollution and diabetes risk in children. The findings, however, may be generalized only to overweight and obese Latino children, mostly of a lower socioeconomic status.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The leader of Turkey's main nationalist party has declared victory...
President Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate him on a referendum that expands his presidential powers — even as the US State Department joined others in disputing the election's results.
Trump made the congratulatory call to Erdoğan as election monitors said the vote was flawed by “intimidation and unfair campaigning.”
“President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey to congratulate him on his recent referendum victory,” read a statement from The White House.
By a slim margin, 51.4 percent of Turks voted to replace Turkey's parliamentary system with a presidential one.
Opposition parties and Monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities.
In light of the allegations, the US State Department urged the country to respect the rights of its voters.
“We look to the government of Turkey to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens,” said the department's acting spokesman, Mark Toner.
The Trump Organization has financial ties in the country and first daughter Ivanka Trump even tweeted in 2012 about meeting with President Erdoğan in Istanbul.
“Thank you Prime Minister Erdoğan for joining us yesterday to celebrate the launch of #TrumpTowers Istanbul!” Ivanka tweeted at the time.
With Post Wire Services
Your guide to watching, streaming and listening to every game of the biggest football tournament on earth this summer
Once every four years the best footballing nations come together to fight it out for the ultimate accolade in the game, the Fifa World Cup.
Advertisement
The 2018 finals take place in Russia and feature 32 teams, including England – the only of the home nations to have qualified for the tournament.
For a full month across June and July the TV and radio schedules will be packed with football (sometimes up to four games a day) with many of the most celebrated sporting names in world performing on the biggest stage of all. Expect to see magic from the likes of Argentina's Lionel Messi, Neymar of Brazil, Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo, Uruguay's Luis Suárez, French superstar Kylian Mbappé and England's very own Harry Kane to name but a few.
When does the World Cup start?
World Cup 2018 begins on Thursday 14th June in Moscow with a game between hosts Russia and Saudi Arabia that kicks off at 4pm BST (match preview here). The game (as well as the World Cup opening ceremony) will air live on ITV in the UK, as well as being on BBC Radio 5Live.
When does the World Cup end?
The World Cup Final is the last game of the tournament and will take place on Sunday 15th July in Moscow, with Kick off at 4pm.
How can I watch the World Cup on TV and online?
Every game of World Cup 2018 will be available to watch on TV in the UK on either BBC or ITV.
Matches on BBC will available to stream online live via BBC iPlayer and games on ITV will be available to stream live on ITV Hub.
Click here for a full list of World Cup 2018 fixtures, kick-off times, channels and venues.
Who are the BBC and ITV presenting teams?
The BBC TV coverage will be fronted by former England star Gary Lineker with Gabby Logan reporting from inside the England camp and further coverage from Dan Walker.
The coverage will be complimented by contributions from former England players including Alan Shearer, Frank Lampard, Rio Ferdinand, Phil Neville, Jermaine Jenas and Alex Scott. Other studio guests will include World Cup winners such as Jurgen Klinsmann, Didier Drogba and Pablo Zabaleta.
Over on ITV, coverage will be led by Mark Pougatch and Jacqui Oatley.
Pundits include Gary Neville, Ian Wright, Roy Keane, Patrice Evra, Ryan Giggs, Henrik Larsson, Lee Dixon, Eni Aluko, Slaven Bilic, Martin O'Neill and referee Mark Clattenburg.
Where is the World Cup being held?
The 2018 World Cup is being held in Russia.
Matches will be played at 12 stadiums across the country. They are:
Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow; Spartak Stadium, Moscow; Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, Nizhny Novgorod; Mordovia Arena, Saransk; Kazan Arena, Kazan; Samara Arena, Samara; Ekaterinburg Arena, Ekaterinburg; Saint Petersburg Stadium, Saint Petersburg; Kaliningrad Stadium, Kaliningrad; Volgograd Arena, Volgograd; Rostov Arena, Rostov-on-Don; Fisht Stadium, Sochi.
Do you have a full World Cup 2018 fixtures list by group?
How can I listen to the games on the radio?
BBC Radio 5 Live and sister station Sports Extra will be covering World Cup commentaries throughout the tournament.
There will also be a special World Cup Daily podcast, smart speaker exclusive content and social media coverage – plus the 606 phone-in.
Mark Chapman and Kelly Cates will lead BBC Radio 5 live's coverage from Moscow, while Robbie Savage will present a daily World Cup Breakfast Show from 8.30am.
Radio5 Live is available on 900 and 693 MW, on digital radios and online. Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is available through DAB digital radios and online.
When is England playing?
England is in Group G alongside Belgium, Panama and Tunisia.
England's group games are:
Monday 18th June, 7pm, BBC1: Tunisia v England – Volgograd
Sunday 24th June, 1pm, BBC1: England v Panama – Nizhny Novgorod
Thursday 28th June, 7pm, ITV: England v Belgium – Kaliningrad
Click here for a full guide to England's group games and their potential route to the final.
Who is in the England squad?
Goalkeepers
Jordan Pickford (Everton), Jack Butland (Stoke), Nick Pope (Burnley).
Defenders
Ashley Young (Manchester United), Gary Cahill (Chelsea), John Stones (Manchester City), Fabian Delph (Manchester City), Phil Jones (Manchester United), Harry Maguire (Leicester), Danny Rose (Tottenham Hotspur), Kieran Trippier (Tottenham Hotspur), Kyle Walker (Manchester City), Trent Alexander-Arnold (Liverpool)
Midfielders
Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur), Eric Dier (Tottenham Hotspur), Jordan Henderson (Liverpool), Jesse Lingard (Manchester United), Ruben Loftus-Cheek (Chelsea).
Strikers
Harry Kane (Tottenham)[England Captain], Marcus Rashford (Manchester United), Raheem Sterling (Manchester City), Jamie Vardy (Leicester), Danny Welbeck (Arsenal).
Advertisement
Who is going to win the World Cup? What are England's chances?
Before a ball has been kicked in the tournament, the favourites with the bookies are Brazil and Germany, with France, Spain and Argentina all also seen as good bets. England is 7th favourites to lift the title 52 years after their only World Cup win – so at the moment, the bookmakers aren't particularly hopeful that Harry Kane and the third youngest ever England squad will prevail – but that could all change once the matches get underway.
Major collapse in Houthi militias' defences, says Arab Coalition Forces Commander
ADEN, Dec 11 2017 (WAM) - Brigadier-General Abdul Salam Al-Shehhi, Commander of the Arab Coalition Forces on the west coast of Yemen, has stated that the UAE, Sudanese and Yemeni armed forces are conducting, with courage and determination, an epic battle to liberate Yemen from the control of the Iran-backed Houthi militias.
Humanitarian aid continues to be distributed to liberated governorates, including the dispersal of relief convoys to the city of Al-Khokha and its neighboring villages, and the delivery of thousands of food parcels to alleviate the hardships incurred by the Houthi siege
Al-Shehhi said in a statement to the Emirates News Agency, WAM, that the Houthi militias have suffered a ‘major collapse' in their defences, adding that hundreds of their dead, injured, and captured members have been treated according to International Laws.
He went on to say that the battle currently being conducted in Yemen's west coast has dealt with Houthi militias only, adding that Yemen's National Resistance Forces have assisted the Coalition's task to eliminate the Houthi threat.
The Commander of the Arab Coalition Forces on the west coast of Yemen further said that Yemeni citizens from liberated areas have welcomed the Arab Coalition Forces, reflecting their desires to liberate their country from the Iran-backed Houthi militias. He noted that humanitarian aid continues to be distributed to liberated governorates, including the dispersal of relief convoys to the city of Al-Khokha and its neighboring villages, and the delivery of thousands of food parcels to alleviate the hardships incurred by the Houthi siege.
The Saudi-led Arab Coalition Forces and the Yemeni National Resistance Forces continue their advance in the West Coast of Yemen following the liberation of Al Khokha city.
The victories in West Coast and the liberation of strategic city of Al Khokha will pave the way to liberating all districts and to cutting off supply lines of the Iran-backed Houthi militias.
WAM/Nour Salman/Hassan Bashir
(AP Photo/Frank Augstein). Brazil's Neymar lies on the ground besides referee Gianluca Rocchi during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Brazil's Neymar lies on the ground during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano). England's Harry Kane, right, battles for the ball with Colombia's Radamel Falcao during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, Ju...
(AP Photo/David Vincent). France's Kylian Mbappe celebrates after scoring his side's third goal during the round of 16 match between France and Argentina, at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Kazan Arena in Kazan, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Frank Augstein). Brazil's Neymar, top, celebrates with teammate Paulinho after scoring his side's opening goal during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday...
By GRAHAM DUNBAR
AP Sports Writer
MOSCOW (AP) - After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if he wants to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
"We need players like Neymar," said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. "But not with this acting what he was doing now in each game."
A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defense.
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behavior "absolutely pathetic" in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarterfinals.
"The criticism is nonsense," Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. "I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting him enough."
Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge.
"Sure, Neymar - when he will win the World Cup," said Matthaeus. "You have to win titles with your team."
Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league.
"It's easy to win the title in France," Matthaeus said. "For me, Neymar this season, he did not show until now he can be the best."
The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23.
The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player.
Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner - noting that he himself won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany.
"The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at his best," Ronaldo said.
Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely.
"I give them maybe one or two years more," he said, "then there will come a change for this award."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A music producer who once worked with Whitney Houston and Kenny G name-dropped Bill Clinton at a court hearing Thursday in an awkward bid to get his jail sentence reduced.
Charles Huggins, who is serving a 10-year sentence for running a multimillion- dollar Ponzi scheme, told a Manhattan federal judge in a bizarre rant that he “saved a lot of lives on behalf of Bill Clinton” when he met with Sierra Leone rebels during a civil war in 1999.
Judge Sidney Stein ripped the Clinton reference as “out of left field,” but still reduced his sentence by roughly two years, citing Huggins' advanced age of 71.
It's unclear what, if any, connection Huggins actually had to Clinton.
Prosecutors have said that Huggins falsely guaranteed investors they would profit from oil or diamonds mined in Sierra Leone and Liberia.
Huggins was granted the rare resentencing after arguing that the original sentencing guidelines had been inflated.
Monkey 1 – Man 0.
A tourist got a lesson in the law of the jungle when he tried to push a monkey into a pond — and the PO'ed primate fought back.
Online video of the incident at the Xitian Temple in the Chinese province of Jiangsu shows the animal perched on a rail, when the man shoves it over the edge, to the sounds of laughter by other sightseers.
About a second later, the irritated monkey leaps back over the barrier, and scratches the man on the hand and gives chase.
The 30-second video shows the man run to shelter as the monkey — now joined by a second one — zones in on him.
Luckily for the man, the monkeys were stopped by temple staff.
The incident happened Tuesday at the Xitian Temple in the Chinese province of Jiangsu, according to local media.
The man, whose identity was not released, was not seriously injured, according to the Beijing Times.
According the report, there are signs posted around the scenic area warning tourists not to touch the monkeys.
Gleeson confident of Deise All-Ireland victory 02 January 2017
Kilkenny's Kieran Joyce and Austin Gleeson of Waterford.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Kilkenny's Kieran Joyce and Austin Gleeson of Waterford.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Austin Gleeson believes that there's nothing to stop Waterford from winning the Liam MacCarthy Cup next year provided some of the younger members of the team can mature a bit more.
The Deise County hasn't had an All-Ireland triumph since 1959, but last year saw Derek McGrath's side push Kilkenny all the way at the semi-final stage before eventually losing out to the Cats in a replay in Thurles and Gleeson is hopeful that it's now only a matter of time.
"Personally, I think we can win the All-Ireland," Gleeson told RTE Sport.
"If we get the young heads and try and mature them a small bit more, get everything we can out of everyone then and turn up on the day and perform as well as we can then there is nothing stopping us from winning the All-Ireland."
2016 saw the Mount Sion man pick up the Senior Hurler of the Year award, along with the Young Hurler of the Year gong, and as a “proud” moment, adding: "The players that you're going hell for leather against, to earn their respect and get their vote for the player of the year was unbelievable.”
Want to taste beer and/or wine from 12 central counties? Want NOT to drive to all those counties? Here's your chance: On Oct. 21, those counties will get together to host the fifth annual Oklahoma Wine Walk & Brew Fest. Presented by the Frontier Country Marketing Association at Brookhaven Village in Norman, the wines and brews from these counties will be set under tents and outdoor booths will feature wine collectibles and Made in Oklahoma products. New this year will be the addition of food trucks.
Patrons can taste the brews and wines as they listen to live music from Oklahoma entertainers.
Tickets are available at www.oklahomawinewalk.com. Regular entry tickets are $25 in advance and $30 on the day of the event. Each ticket comes with 15 tasting tickets and one commemorative glass. VIP entry tickets are $50 in advance or $55 at the door, for 15 tasting tickets and one commemorative glass, one large taste of choice. The patron ticket includes a badge for entry into the VIP area for reserved seating and heavy hors d'oeuvres.
Stay-in-town opportunity
The fourth Midtown Walkabout will take place Oct. 21 from 2 to 6 p.m. when Midtown merchants will be providing specials, discounts, giveaways and additional fall-themed programming. Attendees can enjoy free face painting, live music, street artists and performers, and photos from MVP Photo Booth.
The Midtown Association and Downtown Oklahoma City Partnership are hosting the Walkabout. Downtown OKC will be handing out Midtown-branded tote bags to the first 800 guests in the Brown's Bakery parking lot at NW 10th Street at Walker Avenue beginning at 2 p.m. Special events will take place every hour from 2 until 6 p.m.
Where's Midtown? NW Eighth to 12th streets and Hudson, Walker and Robinson avenues. Attendees can pick up event maps from business locations in that area. For more information, visit www.DowntownOKC.com/Midtown-Walkabout.
Save the dates
On Nov. 8 the University of Oklahoma School of Dance will present Once Upon a Dream 24, its annual fundraiser, in the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History in Norman. For more information, call 405-325-4051 or email dance@ou.edu.
On Nov. 10-11, the Rodeo Historical Society will celebrate its 50th anniversary at a Rodeo Hall of Fame Weekend at the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum, 1700 NE 63rd St. Reservations are requested by Oct. 27. For information, call 405-478-2250, ext. 251.
STANFORD, Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for his final year of eligibility.
Travis said Wednesday that he decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish his career at another school. Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer.
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice. He ranks seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds. He ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring (19.5 points per game) and rebounding (8.7 rpg).
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had his medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May.
——
More AP college basketball: http://www.collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Cash-strapped Liberal Democrats have set up a crowdfunding campaign to recoup their lost deposits from June's snap General Election.
Stuart Thomas, the party's local chairman, set up the page in a bid to recover the £500 fees paid to field candidates in three borough constituencies.
Candidate at a General Election pay a deposit, which is only returned if they attract more than five per cent of the votes cast.
All three Lib Dems in Wigan, Leigh and Makerfield failed to win enough support to be officially reimbursed.
It is believed to be one of the first times that a major political party has resorted to crowdfunding to win back deposits.
Nate Rydings, who stood for the UK Independence Party in Wigan, called the move "desperate and unprofessional".
"I was fully aware of the requirements and I was also aware of the circumstances surrounding my party and the General Election," he said.
"I still decided to put myself forward as a candidate and I put the £500 forward with my own money, knowing full well that if I lost my deposit then that would have been it.
"This clearly shows the lack of support for the Lib Dems."
But Green Party candidate Will Patterson backed the party's strategy and said: "It's particularly important for smaller parties in the area, who don't always have the backing of key businesses or organisations."
The crowdfunding page expires on September 16. As of yesterday, no money has been donated. The Lib Dems declined to comment.
She saved millions of lives and made a critical contribution to the world of medicine, but unless you're in the medical field — you've probably never even heard her name.
Henrietta Lacks was a young, black, mother of five when she died in 1951 after being diagnosed with an aggressive cervical cancer at Johns Hopkins. Doctor George Gey was working at Hopkins at the time, trying to culture cells in the laboratory. Lacks' cells were among dozens sent to his lab, but they were the first to ever survive and grow. Her cells, a unique and aggressive type, were later described as one in three billion.
Scientists called these resilient cells "HeLa" — taking first two letters of "Henrietta" and "Lacks." HeLa cells were used to test the polio vaccine, develop in vitro fertilization, and several chemotherapy drugs among hundreds of medical advances.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Oprah Speaks Out to Tell Story of Woman Who Changed Medicine 3:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"When other cells are very finicky and you look at them crosswise and they die, her cells grow happily in the laboratory dish decade after decade," explains Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health. "Something like half of the Nobel Prizes in medicine over the course of the last 60 years have utilized HeLa cells to make their discoveries."
Grown and sold around the world, Lacks' legacy lived on in her cells: they have traveled to space, they have been embedded in a nuclear bomb. But for decades, the Lacks family had no idea.
Doctors came to test the family's blood for more research, but Deborah Lacks and her siblings didn't understand what it meant.
Related: Dr. Hadiyah Green Wants to Use Lasers to Kill Cancer Cells
"A lot of information was not disclosed to them. It was like, they forfeited information. And the family has been asking and wanting to know," said Jeri Lacks Whye, granddaughter of Henrietta Lacks. "And nobody would give them that information. And then a simple fact that they came to the family, you know, 20 years later after they took Henrietta's cells in the 1950's and they came to the family to do research. And they didn't explain to Henrietta's children, you know, what they were doing."
Henrietta Lacks died in 1951 after being diagnosed with an aggressive cervical cancer at Johns Hopkins. Her cells, "HeLa Cells" are used for scientific research. Lacks Family
While some information leaked out over the years, it wasn't until science writer Rebecca Skloot tracked down Deborah, that the story began to come out. Skloot says she first heard the name Henrietta Lacks in a high school biology class.
"Just hearing the incredible amount of advances that had come from this one woman's cells... And I was like, 'Well, what else do we know about her? And did she have any kids? And what do they think about all this?'"
Deborah Lacks wanted two things in life. She wanted to learn about her mother, and once she realized what an incredible story it was, she wanted Oprah Winfrey to play her in the movie.
Deborah Lacks died before Rebecca Skloot's book, "Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks," could reveal her mother's story to the world. But on April 22nd, in an HBO film by the same name, Winfrey portrays Deborah in her search for the truth.
Cells from Henrietta Lacks, also known as "HeLa Cells." Tom Deerinck / Tom Deerinck
"I could [cry] when I think about Deborah and hear her voice from the tapes, how eager she was to know about her mother and to have this story told," Winfrey said in an interview with NBC News correspondent Kristen Dalhgren. The mega celebrity, who was once a reporter in Baltimore, was amazed she had never heard the story before.
"I was really like, how could I have been a reporter all those years and never heard of HeLa cells and never heard the name Henrietta Lacks?"
Over ten years of research, Skloot found out. It took Deborah Lacks a year to trust the author. The family had been deceived before. "You have no idea what you're getting yourself into," Deborah told Skloot in one of their first conversations, and a scene reenacted by Oprah in the film.
Related: The Urgent Need for Black Bone Marrow Donors
"Unfortunately some members of the family are still being torn apart ... by the burden of those cells," Winfrey said. "It was actually one of the things that I cared about was that the telling of the story would release the burden in a way that the telling of the story would now bring a sense of not just attention but a claim and formal acknowledgment so that everybody could be more at peace with it."
Oprah Winfrey with the family of Henrietta Lacks. Lacks Family
Henrietta's oldest son Lawrence has spoken out about people profiting from the movie and book. Johns Hopkins says it never profited from HeLa cells, but millions of dollars have changed hands elsewhere, as the cells were cultured and sold around the world. The Lacks family was never compensated, but are moving forward and say the impact is bigger than money.
"You can't help but be proud of what it's done," said Henrietta's grandson David Lacks. "Okay something bad happened but so much good has come from it."
He now sits on the board at the National Institutes of Health helping to decide just what research Henrietta's gene sequence is used for. Jeri Lacks Whye speaks across the country about their grandmother's legacy.
"She was a woman. She was black with limited education, limited finances and look what she has done for the world," says Jeri proudly.
Related: Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
"I think we ought to think of the Lacks family as some of the greatest philanthropists in medicine of all time because of the way the HeLa cells have contributed to breakthroughs in many directions. That's a form of philanthropy. We are in their debt," said Dr. Collins.
Using part of her book and movie proceeds, Skloot has set up a foundation for the Lacks family, and others who have contributed to science without their consent. She has helped send several Lacks family members to college. It's something the family says Deborah would have also wanted: to see the next generation carrying on Henrietta's legacy.
"If nothing else happens, I think as a result of what this film will bring, I think what we're trying to say is that [Henrietta's] life really mattered," Oprah said.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Harvey Weinstein's lawyer said Wednesday that he didn't have enough time or information to prepare the disgraced producer to testify before a grand jury and said his indictment on sexual assault charges is "inevitable."
"Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the Grand Jury was denied," attorney Ben Brafman said in a statement issued two hours before the deadline for Weinstein to appear.
Weinstein, whose behavior unleashed the #MeToo movement, was arrested Friday and arraigned on charges of rape and criminal sexual act in connection with allegations by two women.
One accuser, Lucia Evans, says Weinstein forced her to perform oral sex after luring her to his Tribeca office for a meeting in 2004. The other woman, who has not been publicly identified, alleges Weinstein raped her in 2013 at a Manhattan hotel.
Brafman complained that he was "unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend [Weinstein] before the grand jury," but he did not provide any details about what he was seeking. Prosecutors had no immediate comment.
"Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on [Manhattan District Attorney] Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement from Brafman's office said.
BOTKINS – Ansonia lost two baseball games at Botkins on Saturday, falling 5-2 in the first game and 5-4 in the second game.
In game one Botkins took a 4-0 lead with three runs in the second inning and one in the fourth. Ansonia scored both of its runs in the fifth then Botkins scored the game's final run in the sixth inning.
Both Ansonia and Botkins had six hits and two errors in the game.
Lane Clark went 2-for-3 with a RBI for Ansonia. Caleb Jones was 1-for-3 and scored a run. Tyler Neal was 1-for-3 with a stolen base. Ethan Fischer was 1-for-4 with a stolen base. Keith Burk was 1-for-3. Devyn Sink scored a run.
Kane Kimmel was the losing pitcher as he went 1 2/3 innings, allowing three earned runs on three hits, three walks and three strikeouts. Rygh Fortkamp went 4 1/3 innings, allowing two unearned runs on three hits, one walk and four strikeouts.
In game two Ansonia took a 1-0 lead in the top of the first. Botkins went up 2-1 in the bottom half of the frame, but Ansonia scored three runs in the second inning to go back up 4-2. Botkins then scored one run in the second inning, one in the fifth and one in the sixth to win 5-4.
Botkins out-hit Ansonia five to four in game two. Both teams committed two errors.
Clark went 2-for-3 with a double, a stolen base and two RBI. Jones was 1-for-3 and scored a run. Burk was 1-for-3. Fischer was hit by a pitch, stole a base, drove in a run and scored two runs. Zac Longenecker walked, stole a base and scored a run. Kimmel stole a base and drove in a run.
Fischer pitched 4 2/3 innings, allowing two earned runs and two unearned runs on four hits, four walks, three hit batters and five strikeouts. Sink pitched 2/3 of an inning, allowing one earned run on one hit, one walk and one strikeout.
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
‘ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. “We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it,” Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andrew Miller has been cleared to start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee. Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can “begin a gradual progression back to mound activity.” While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that he doesn't need surgery and can resume throwing is good news for the Indians.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Rory McIlroy says rib injury will keep him out indefinitely
Rory McIlroy says that he will be out indefinitely with a rib injury following a 22nd-place finish at the PGA Championship in Charlotte on Sunday.
McIlroy shot a final-round 68 to finish the major one over par. Afterwards he said he will return home to be examined by doctors. He believes he may miss anywhere from a few weeks to several months.
“I don't know what I'm going to do,” McIlroy said on Sunday. “You might not see me until next year. You might see me in a couple of weeks' time. It really depends.”
Although all four majors have already been played, McIlroy still has work to do in the FedEx Cup standings. He's ranked No. 43 and needs to be in the top 30 to qualify for the Tour Championship. But it sounds like he's not too worried about that as of now. Instead, he seems to say he's more focused on the Masters next year.
“April is a long way away. That's the next big thing on my radar,” he said.
McIlroy last won a major in 2014, when he went back-to-back at The Open Championship and PGA Championship. The 28-year-old posted two top-10s this year.
An upbeat Justice Neil Gorsuch wasted little time getting to work in his first public session Monday as the 113th member of the Supreme Court.
Sitting at the far right end of the nine-member bench, Gorsuch spent the morning hearing three oral arguments, each lasting about an hour. In his first case, considering a federal workplace discrimination claim, the newest justice was among the most active of questioners — unusual for the court “rookie.”
At the start of the morning session, Chief Justice John Roberts publicly acknowledged his new colleague in the crowded courtroom, wishing him a “long and happy career in our common calling.”
Gorsuch responded by thanking the other justices for giving him a “warm welcome.”
The 49-year-old Colorado native paid close attention to the arguments, sitting straight up and resting his hand occasionally on his chin.
He remained focused — not even chatting with his “bench neighbor,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor — as he asked a number of questions of counsel. The back-and-forth exchanges lasted more than 10 minutes of the first 60-minute argument.
The first case out of the gate for Gorsuch was not a blockbuster, but the justice repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with his positions.
When one attorney admitted he tended to agree with the justice on one point, Gorsuch dryly replied, “I hope so.”
The other cases being argued separately Monday deals with a property rights dispute and securities class-action lawsuits.
Settling In
Even before Monday's arguments, the 49-year-old Gorsuch had begun settling in at the court, arranging his chambers to create a comfortable, efficient workplace. Reminders of his roots in Colorado and the West will grace his offices, along with plenty of photos of his family and friends.
He is allowed to hire secretaries, a messenger, and four law clerks — who typically serve for one year.
Those clerks will be especially important helping the justice get up to speed on his caseload, since joining the court in the midst of the term is not standard. It will be a nonstop whirl of activity until the term effectively ends in late June.
All four of the law clerks brought on in recent days served previously for then-Judge Gorsuch, and are all experienced litigators or academics. Two of them later went on to clerk for Antonin Scalia (the late justice whose seat Gorsuch is now occupying) and Justice Sonia Sotomayor.
His colleagues are welcoming their newest member.
“We hope we're serving with Justice Gorsuch for the next 25 years,” Roberts said last week before a university audience in New York. “It's kind of like a marriage. If you're going to be with someone that long, you can't have knock-down, drag-out fights over a case.”
Lunch Is Served
Food for thought for the newest member of the Supreme Court: being the junior justice has its benefits and challenges.
For Gorsuch, it will mean being assigned to the court's internal Cafeteria Committee, where dessert toppings and silverware choices will compete for his time with constitutional issues big and small — all part of the dizzying first few weeks for the justice.
Justice Elena Kagan, who had been the court “newbie” since 2010, unwittingly gave her future colleague some personal advice on managing the job. She appeared last September at a Colorado legal conference with Gorsuch and spoke to what it was like to have the least seniority.
“I think this is a way to kind of humble people,” she said about her stint as one of the office lunch monitors. “You think you're kind of hot stuff. You're an important person. You've just been confirmed to the United States Supreme Court. And now you are going to monthly cafeteria committee meetings where literally the agenda is what happened to the good recipe for the chocolate chip cookies.”
And the rookie hears about it when the food doesn't rate. One tradition of the court is the justices eat together privately after oral arguments.
“Somebody will say, ‘Who's our representative to the cafeteria committee again?'” she told Gorsuch. “Like they don't know, right? And then they'll say, ‘This soup is very salty.' And I'm like supposed to go fix it myself?”
Kagan recalled her proudest moment was getting a frozen yogurt machine installed in the dining area, which is open to the public.
She had been on the internal committee for seven years, with Justice Stephen Breyer in the job 11 years before that.
“It's a way of bringing them back down to Earth after the excitement of confirmation and appointment,” Roberts said in 2011. Roberts' role as “first among equals,” though, meant he never had to endure any of the “new guy” responsibilities.
Another duty for the “junior” justice is to answer the door when the members meet privately for their weekly closed-door conferences — voting on cases and deciding which petitions get added to the docket. His first such conference will be this Thursday.
Gorsuch will also take notes at the conferences, and will vote last when cases get decided.
It is a learning curve that many on the court admit can be baffling and often overwhelming.
Justice Samuel Alito said he frequently got lost in the marbled halls of the court when he joined in 2006, especially since the building was undergoing a massive internal renovation at the time.
Breyer said it took him years to feel fully comfortable in the job.
And Justice Clarence Thomas recalled what Justice Byron White told him when he donned the robes in 1991. White, whose clerks included Gorsuch, said, “Well, Clarence, in your first five years you wonder how you got here. After that you wonder how your colleagues got here.”
Fathers-to-be are throwing themselves 'Dadchelor' parties Parenthood profoundly changes a person's life. It's a dramatic reorientation of priorities and time — not to mention sleep. So perhaps it makes sense that one half of the parents-to-be...
Priests score free drinks after pub refuses to serve them LONDON — Seven Roman Catholic priests were refused service in a Welsh pub after staff mistook them for a bachelor party in fancy dress. After realizing a mistake had been...
Here's why no one wants to go to your wedding The cost of attending a wedding is too damn high. Between a plane ticket, a hotel room, a fancy outfit, a shower gift and a destination bachelor or bachelorette party,...
This is the worst bachelor party tattoo ever Well, at least he's got a conversation starter. Steven Laverty, a loveless father of one, might have a hard time finding a lady friend after he got “What about ye?” tattooed...
Man found dead with pants down at brothel after stag party A British man may have been murdered when a stag party went terribly awry at a Hungarian sex den — where his battered corpse was found with his pants around his...
Groom-to-be paralyzed while swimming at his bachelor party A joint bachelor/bachelorette party went from celebratory to tragic when the groom became paralyzed after going swimming. Brett Greenfield, 39, and his fiancée, Meg Alexander, 29, went to Naples, Florida,...
Pilot kicks rowdy bachelor party off flight BERLIN — German police say the pilot of a Ryanair plane from London to Bratislava made an unscheduled landing to eject members of a bachelor party — including the groom....
It's no secret that the world needs more aviation professionals—and that the shortage of qualified pilots, flight crew and aircraft mechanics is only expected to get worse over the next 10 years. Among the hurdles students looking at pursing aviation careers face is the cost. To help address the expense and in hopes of attracting top students interested in aviation, the University of North Dakota (UND)—one of the top aviation universities in the country—has announced a new $1.5 million scholarship endowment.
The James C. Ray Memorial Freshman Scholarship was established through matching $500,000 contributions from the UND Aerospace Foundation, UND Promise Scholarship Program and James C. Ray Foundation. It will be available to high-achieving incoming freshmen and is the first UND aerospace program scholarship that will be awarded to underclassmen.
The scholarship was named in honor of James C. Ray, who died earlier this year at the age of 94. He contributed more than $25 million dollars to aviation and entrepreneurial programs at UND over his lifetime.
Learn more at University of North Dakota Aerospace.
This group's events are all about having fun without drinking You can be sober and social. That's the idea behind Club Soda, an event series and community for “sober curious” people who want to drink less, or not at all...
Penn State showed 'shocking apathy' to excessive drinking: grand jury BELLEFONTE, Pa. — A grand jury's report in the wake of a fraternity pledge's drinking death said Friday that Penn State officials displayed “a shocking apathy” to dangers from excessive...
Science shows drunk people have no idea how wasted they are Drunk people have no idea how wasted they are — and Aussie scientists reckon they have the data to prove it. An intrepid team of researchers at Deakin, La Trobe...
10 people face hazing charges in LSU student's death BATON ROUGE, La. — Ten people are facing hazing charges in the death of a Louisiana State University fraternity pledge after a night of drinking last month. An LSU statement...
This miracle pill could put an end to binge-drinking A miracle pill could soon help boozy Brits kick the habit. The drug could help kill the buzz of wanting a drink, and hopefully could tackle Brits' overindulgence on a...
The single life in NYC is driving millennials to binge-drink Manhattan lawyer Robert Halpern, a longtime East Village resident, is suing the State Liquor Authority for allowing too many booze-serving restaurants in his neighborhood. He's seething over “bottomless” brunches where...
These simple meditation tricks can help curb your drinking Mindful eating — that laborious New Age-y practice of scrutinizing, fondling and sniffing food before eating to reduce overdoing it — is coming for cocktails. Mindful drinking, like its food-focused...
Binge drinking worse for men than women, science says Binge drinking is more likely to damage the health of young men than young women, says a study. Researchers who examined brain responses of volunteers after they had been drinking...
Penn State frat members cleared of felony charges in hazing death The Penn State frat brothers accused of participating in a booze-fueled hazing ritual that led to a pledge's death dodged manslaughter and assault charges Friday. A judge dismissed the felony...
A man who pleaded guilty to interfering with a house electricity meter has been fined €1,000 at Naas District Court.
At Naas District Court on July 2, ESB Networks DAC took Michael Potts, with an address at 23 Coolaghknock Avenue, Melitta road, Kildare to court for interfering with the electricity meter at his address.
Apart from the fine, Mr Potts was also required to pay €1,230 in costs to the ESB. There had been an €800 loss to the utility provider. An official with the company said that on October 21 2016, the meter was examined and it was found that the pre pay meter had been bypassed.
Judge Desmond Zaidan was told that apart from anything else the process of bypassing the meter was of concern from a health and safety point of view.
The work done to bypass the meter was “quite dangerous.”
The court heard that Mr Potts did not do the bypassing work himself but that he did take responsibility for it.
A charge brought against another individual in connection with the offence was withdrawn.
The bypassing meant that the electricity was running but the meter was not clocking up what was being used.
The court was told that the offence could attract up to €5,000 in a fine or a six month jail sentence. It was discovered by “systems tampering” detection.
Judge Zaidan was also told that Mr Potts was working in catering and he was under financial pressure at the time.
Cairbre Finan, solicitor for Mr Potts, said he client was “very nervous” after the work was carried out.
Image caption Simon and Collin Brooker outside Sorrento's cafe in Cathays, which they sold
A father and son have sold their two Cardiff cafes to test their new shark deterrent invention off South Africa.
Collin and Simon Brooker are developing a device to create a "halo" around surfers with the synthetic essence of rotting shark flesh in the water.
The chemical is already in use as a repellent but the Podi aims to deter sharks up to three miles (5km) away.
The trials will take the next 12 to 18 months off the Cape peninsula.
The Brookers opened two successful cafes in the student area of Cathays but sold them last summer to raise £250,000 to develop their device.
They were initially going to research off Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean but decided to study shark interactions off the South African coast after a shark scare during a surfing event in July.
Image copyright Global_Pics/Getty Images Image caption A shark photographed from the safety of a cage off the South African coast
SHARKS, SURFERS AND CONSERVATION
Businessman Collin, 59, got the idea when he was living in Queensland, Australia, where shark attacks were an issue.
His son Simon, 26, a Cardiff fine art graduate has developed the design with Maesteg-based firm Creative Engineering.
The principle is to use a synthetic chemical in tablet form in a small, plastic device, attached to a surfboard.
It dissolves in water continually to send out a strong smell that is only detected by sharks and stingrays.
"I knew nothing about sharks or marine life," said Collin.
There are, on average, about five shark attacks each year off South Africa.
The Brookers are hoping their device will help tourism and save sharks from being killed.
They also hope their invention can do less harm to reefs and the wider marine ecology.
Image copyright Collin Brooker Image caption The first trials have now started in the Cape
"I sat down and said 'how do you control a supposedly wild animal?' You start looking at the senses - eyesight and ultrasonic sound are poor but its most powerful sense is smell."
Collin said the semiochemical is already used but in an aerosol can, which is when the shark is already in attack mode. The idea is for the shark to take flight well before it gets close to humans.
"A white shark can smell perhaps 5km away," he said. "We don't want to scare it and all the defence mechanisms currently are last minute when it's generally too late.
"How do we generate this feeling that it's not safe, the pre-avoidance, what triggers that?
Image copyright Collin Brooker
"What's going to get a shark's reaction to the point where it doesn't want to go there? Maybe another dead shark? They're intelligent animals.
"Most wild animals we see as predatory, which they are, need to eat but the prime objective is to survive. If we can trigger something in its brain to say, 'it's not safe,' that's the answer."
Simon added that they wanted something that was light enough for surfers to use and uncomplicated. Eventually they hope the initial device would cost up to £56 (US$80).
"We've been looking at how the device could be housed, something simple to take away human error - it's not mechanical, it's a passive device that constantly works," he said.
The Brookers - who are also launching a surfing products brand to help fund more field work - have also been joined on the project by a neighbouring cafe owner and friend, Jane Fallows.
She has left her daughter to run the family business while she works on the scientific side of the trial.
Image caption Jane Fallows and Simon and Collin Brooker before they headed out
Jane, who once worked in medical research, will be involved in gathering the data and liaising with scientists in Wales and then joining the trial to work with conservationists and oceanographers.
"I'm interested in the science side, the conservation side, and also gathering all the facts together from the experts there and using that to do the research," she said.
"All the field testing will be done off shore, we'll take a boat out, baiting the water and waiting for sharks to come in and then administering the chemical into the water," said Simon.
Collin added: "We need to look at coastal protection but it's not only protecting the humans, it's protecting the sharks."
Image copyright Collin Brooker Image caption They have been in South Africa since the summer
Image copyright Collin Brooker Image caption The Brookers hope they will be able to offer something as part of an overall conservation solution
The Brookers said sharks were very much part of the eco-system, but where they have been culled, fish populations have grown out of control, which can in turn damage reefs.
"For hundreds of years fishermen have learnt to trawl a dead shark on their nets to keep sharks away- but we're commercialising that," said Collin.
"It's putting it into everyday use but by not using a dead shark anymore but a synthetic re-creation of that."
Image copyright Collin Brooker
The Brookers have recently started their first sea trials, which they said brought "encouraging" first results with one of the active ingredients.
A tiny dose cleared a sea area of three shark species for five minutes, while other fish were unaffected.
Eventually, if all goes to plan, the aim is to develop the device for manufacture back in south Wales, with an eye on the surfing and diving market in other parts of the world, if it takes off.
'World News Tonight' tops Lester Holt's 'Nightly News' ratings After Page Six reported that NBC brass are getting nervous about Lester Holt's ratings, it has emerged that his rival has struck another blow.
Tom Llamas to anchor both editions of ‘World News Tonight' Llamas will anchor both editions of the network's weekend “World News Tonight” broadcast, while Cecilia Vega will become senior White House correspondent.
Bungalow falls 20ft down cliff
A bungalow fell 20 feet down a cliff after a tidal surge hit Hemsby in Norfolk. Steven Connelly said he was in the pub at a fundraiser when he was told to rush home and salvage what he could.
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when he announced he will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
Mysterious, Flesh-Eating Sea Fleas Attack Australian Teen
The "meat-loving" marine creature that ate at the legs of a Melbourne teenager has been identified as a flesh-eating sea flea, known as a lysianassid amphipod.
Marine biologist Dr Genefor Walker-Smith said the creatures, which left 16-year-old Sam Kanizay with significant bleeding from his legs, were a small, scavenging crustacean that usually fed on dead fish or seabirds.
Kanizay said on Monday he was soaking his legs at Brighton beach when he felt the creatures attack, causing wounds that would not stop bleeding.
But Walker-Smith told the ABC's RN Breakfast program the amphipods posed no risk to the public and that it was safe to go back into the water. She said amphipod bites were common and "normally you would feel them or brush them off". It was a combination of cold water numbing Kanizay's legs, bad luck, and standing still that led to an exceptional number of bites.
"Sam may have walked past a group that was feeding on something. He might have bumped a dead crab and stirred them up," she said.
"He was standing still for a long time in the water and the water was cold, I don't think he actually felt them biting. The fact that he just stood there gave them plenty of time to latch on.
"They don't normally attack humans, it's just an unfortunate coincidence."
Amphipods are related to shrimp and prawns but are smaller in size, ranging from 6-13mm. They are not venomous and their bites do not cause any lasting damage.
They are commonly known as sea fleas or sea lice, although Walker-Smith noted that sea lice was more commonly used to refer to isopods, a different type of crustacean.
On Monday, footage taken by Sam's father Jarrod Kanizay showed a sample of the amphipods swarming around pieces of steak.
"These guys clearly love red meat, they are devouring this," he said.
Sam Kanizay told reporters that he initially thought the amphipods were sand on his legs and brushed the creatures off.
"By the time walked across the sand about 20 meters -- I looked down and noticed that I had blood all over my ankles and feet," he said.
Walker-Smith, who examined samples of the amphipods obtained by the family, said they were a natural part of the marine ecosystem that performed a vital role in the food web.
"If we didn't have them, we'd have a sea full of dead fish and dead birds," she said. "It's just part of the food web, the chain of life."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Woman dies, 2 firefighters injured in Queens blaze A woman was killed when a fire broke out in her Queens home on Sunday, authorities said. The blaze broke out around 11:20 a.m. inside 60-year-old Rita Sklar's Bayside home...
Aide hired to solicit Asian vote posted anti-Asian rants online A young political operative disparaged Asians on social media — and then landed a job requiring him to solicit their votes for a state Senate candidate, The Post has learned....
Julie Chen liked to dress up as Madonna as a teen It's a long way from Queens to Los Angeles, but Julie Chen, who hosts “Big Brother” by night and “The Talk” by day, sometimes feels like she never left home....
City paid shoddy unlicensed daycare provider for years: suit The city yanked the license of a shoddy Queens day-care provider yet continued for years to shell out tens of thousands of dollars to her for phony invoices. The Administration...
Dead man found hanging from highway exit sign A man was found hanging from an exit sign during rush hour in Queens early Wednesday, authorities said. “It was a horrible sight,” a police source said. “I'm sure drivers...
In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school is shown announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he says in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. … Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus at about 2:40 p.m. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did —the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the “day of my massacre shall begin.”
“I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do,” he says. “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs.”
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
see also Prosecutors want death penalty for alleged Florida school shooter Accused school shooter Nikolas Cruz kept silent and stared down...
Cruz, 19, is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community.”
“This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is,” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer into Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The Dow sank by nearly 1.4% on Tuesday
The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average suffered its steepest decline since June 2016 on Friday, amid wider losses in US markets.
The fall came after a string of disappointing earnings reports from giants such as Apple.
Strong wage growth in the latest payrolls report also spooked investors raising the possibility of higher interest rates than expected.
The Dow fell more than 665 points or 2.5% to 25,520.96.
The S&P 500 tumbled 59.8 points, falling 2.12% to 2,762.13, while the Nasdaq closed 144.91 points lower at 7,240.9, down 1.96%.
Ashleigh Banfield rips 'reckless' Aziz Ansari hit piece on Megyn Kelly's show HLN host Ashleigh Banfield doubled down on her criticism of a controversial Babe.net article accusing actor Aziz Ansari of sexual misconduct, saying it was executed in a “sloppy and reckless” manner....
Reporter behind Ansari story slams HLN host's looks in scathing email HLN host Ashleigh Banfield slammed reporter Katie Way after receiving a harsh email from her.
HLN host slams Aziz Ansari's sexual misconduct accuser "If you just had an unpleasant sexual experience, you should have gone home ... But what you have done in my opinion is appalling," Ashleigh Banfield said.
Carol Costello latest to trade CNN for HLN Michaela Pereira and Ashleigh Banfield have also made the move since July.
A large swath of the country can expect yet another generous helping of rain, snow and wind on Tuesday and Wednesday, as the fourth nor'easter in less than three weeks sets its sights on the Northeast and Midwest.
The storm's path could bring six to 12 inches of snow to the Upper Ohio Valley, which includes parts of Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania, as well as parts of the East Coast, from Virginia up to Massachusetts, on the first day of spring, according to Weather Channel senior meteorologist Frank Giannasca.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Severe weather expected on first day of Spring 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Giannasca also noted that the storm system would strike in two parts over the course of approximately 36 hours, with a weaker rain-snow mix probably arriving Tuesday night, followed by a short lull and then the brunt of the storm on Wednesday.
RELATED: Powerful storm leaves 9 dead, swaths of East Coast in the dark
“Within that area, bigger cities affected by the system would include Columbus, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, New York and Boston,” Giannasca said. “Things could change tonight or tomorrow as the storm starts to wrap up and the features come together.”
The storm is also likely to be accompanied by sustained winds of 15 to 25 mph and gusts of up to 60 mph in some coastal areas, making for a blustery, chilly Wednesday, according to NBC Philadelphia and the National Weather Service.
This system follows in the footsteps of a trio of deadly nor'easters that bashed the East earlier this month, leaving behind a path of flight cancellations, power outages and deaths.
Walking the dog between snow-covered trees during a nor'easter on March 8 in Portland, Maine. Robert F. Bukaty / AP
The first nor'easter of the month struck on March 2 and halted the Northeast's flights and commuter rail systems. A second nor'easter on March 7 left thousands without power and dumped approximately two feet of snow on the ground. The most recent nor'easter, on March 12, missed the majority of the Northeast but left parts of Long Island and Connecticut with 11 to 18 inches of snow.
RELATED: Another nor'easter heads for East Coast, but no one knows precisely where it will hit
Across the East Coast, residents seemed both worried and exhausted by the number of nor'easters that had hit the region in a such a short period of time.
"Honestly, these nor'easters get a little tiring, but more scary than tiring because they're happening this frequently,” said Brian Reilly, a New York City resident. “It's more scary than tiring because you're like ‘Why is this happening?' more than ‘When is it happening?' ”
Fortunately for the East, the upcoming nor'easter will probably be the last of the season, according to Giannasca.
Christina Mesavage leads a family friend, Una Mayer, center, and her son Jude up a sledding hill on March 8 in Portland, Maine. Robert F. Bukaty / AP file
“The reason for the nor'easters is a pattern that we're in right now where we've had some blocking in the high latitudes," he said. "Oftentimes, when we have this blocking, it tends to produce a pattern of cold air over the Eastern United States that allows the storm track to move around the country and develop strong storms in the East Coast.
“As for how long that's going to stick around, for at least the time being, this might be the last one, at least from what I can see.”
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Registered sex offenders and convicted yobs should no longer be allowed to be elected as councillors, politicians in Wigan have been told.
Bankrupts, former jailbirds and those related to town hall employees are automatically disqualified from holding office, under current legislation.
Curiously there are no restrictions though on convicted sex offenders or those found to be acting anti-socially by the courts.
The government is now undertaking a national consultation on closing these loopholes and extending the criteria for bans.
Councillors in Wigan are set to endorse the two proposed extensions, which have been drawn up by the Department of Communities and Local Government (DCLG).
But those debating the proposed changes, sitting on Wigan's audit committee, did note that the proposed changes were not being extended to cover MPs.
Councillors were also told that, if the plans become law, any serving elected members who were currently subject to either criteria, would not have to immediately step down.
One former councillor who could be affected by the consultation in future would be ex-Wigan West Labour representative Joe Shaw.
The former Greater Manchester Transport Authority member was convicted in 2009 of downloading more than 2,000 indecent images, after his daughter found the child porn on his computer.
He was also found with an illegal gun and ammo in his home. A crown court judge, as well as jailing him for six years, ordered him to sign the sex offenders register for 10 years.
Part of the DCLG consultation makes it clear that the sex offenders amendment would only apply to those placed on the register following a caution of conviction.
This would also apply to any convictions or cautions imposed abroad.
The guidelines for anti-social offences is slightly wider, with criminal punishments and civil enforcements such as injunctions or closure orders.
There is an ongoing debate over whether this should just cover individual sanctions, so any order taken out against a business or collective group would not necessarily apply.
Brendan Whitworth, the council's assistant director of legal services, said in a report: "Some anti-social behaviour orders can be made against businesses or premises but the proposals only relate to orders against individuals."
Another possible criteria, those who have been given a sexual risk order, is not being put forward as this does not involve the imposition of a conviction or caution.
The government consultation was instigated after a number of high-profile convictions of sitting or former councillors for sex offences.
A former Reading councillor was jailed at Lincoln Crown Court for sharing child sex images in June and a parish councillor in Saddleworth was urged to quit after being found guilty of similar matters earlier this year.
You Need To Watch This Hectic Doccie About R Kelly And His Women [Video]
No doubt, R Kelly is as problematic as they come. Which is a pity, because he really is a genius when it comes to writing RnB tracks.
For years there have been allegations that he runs a sex cult out of his Atlanta mansion, which go so far as to accuse the R&B singer of grooming underage women and refusing to let them leave the house.
He has always denied those accusations.
But now, a new BBC3 documentary sheds light on this side of R Kelly.
Exploring the allegations surrounding the legend's sex life, reporter Ben Zand interviews those closest to the singer, including a former sound engineer and Timothy and Jonjelyn Savage, the parents of Joycelyn Savage, a current member of his so-called “degrading sex cult”.
In a snippet of the doccie below, James Lee, who worked on R Kelly's fifth studio album TP-2, describes what it was like to work with the artist:
Hectic, hey?
Well, the BBC reports that since the documentary aired, R Kelly's executive assistant of over 10 years, Diana Copeland, resigned, and that Linda Mensch, R Kelly's entertainment attorney of four years, has also quit.
Oh, and did I tell you you can watch the full, hour-long documentary below?
In case you're a bit confused, R Kelly's full name is Robert Sylvester Kelly.
[source:bbc]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
While the pro-abortion crowd celebrates the fall this week of Pennsylvania Rep. Tim Murphy, the rest of us got a useful reminder: Sleazy men make out pretty darn well, thanks to easy abortions.
Murphy's political career came to an abrupt halt after the Pittsburgh Post Gazette caught him pressuring his mistress to have an abortion, even while he pretended to be pro-life. The pregnancy turned out to be a false alarm, but Murphy's hypocrisy — and the end of his career — were real. After meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan, he announced he wouldn't seek re-election. It's nice to know that there are still a few things politicians can't get away with.
Yet before we drop this one in the file marked “feminist victories,” it is worth understanding another lesson. Abortion-rights activists often say efforts by politicians to restrict the procedure are simply a way of men exercising control over women's bodies — keeping them barefoot and pregnant. And that abortion-on-demand really is the key to empowering and freeing women from the shackles of the patriarchy.
But the truth is that men benefit from the easy availability of abortion at least as much — if not more — than women.
Which is one reason the recently departed Hugh Hefner was such a big proponent. Playboy published its first article supporting the legalization of abortion in 1965 and even listed the numbers of hotlines where women could obtain them — even before Roe v. Wade. The audience for this information was clearly not women who were reading Playboy articles but men who had, as they used to say, gotten women in trouble.
But for the reporting, Tim Murphy (like so many other married men) might have been able to cover up any embarrassing consequences from his affair, thanks to the fact that abortion is easily accessible in Pennsylvania and most other states. (Pennsylvania does have a 24-hour waiting period, and doctors are supposed to offer women some literature about other options. But as long as the fetus is less than 24 weeks old, the requirements are hardly onerous.)
Still, the ACLU would like to make things easier. This week, it filed suit against the FDA for restricting the availability of an abortion pill called Mifeprex. Currently, it can be dispensed only in clinics, hospitals and doctors' offices. But the lawsuit says it should be available by prescription in your neighborhood pharmacy.
Imagine the possibilities. When a man like Murphy or someone who may be preying on a vulnerable woman — perhaps even an underage one — finds that he has made a “mistake,” he may be able to simply phone a doctor who calls in a prescription without even a visit to fix his mistake. It will be like getting penicillin for an ear infection.
Abortion-rights supporters often point out that laws requiring parental consent for abortions can mean that embarrassed teenagers won't get the services they need. And it's true that many girls did resort to unsafe abortions when it wasn't legal.
But without parental consent, men can get girls pregnant and then pressure them to have abortions without anyone who cares about them finding out.
And frankly, it's not just sexual predators but even fairly normal, pro-life-leaning men (a la Murphy) in perfectly consensual relationships who like loose abortion laws.
In college, a self-professed conservative acquaintance sleeping with a liberal woman told me he felt a little uncomfortable with the giant “pro-choice” poster hanging above her bed. But then he shrugged: “Not that I'm in any position to object.”
One of the reasons the ACLU and its feminist supporters push for the more widespread availability of the abortion pill they can get “in the privacy of their own homes” is that they believe that our culture shames too many women out of having an abortion. And only by removing all legal and even cultural barriers to abortion can women truly be free to make this decision and be satisfied with it.
Indeed, a forthcoming book called “Happy Abortions” wonders why the “idea that abortion could or should be a positive experience for women is rarely discussed in our socio-political landscape.”
But the people who are most likely to see abortion as a “positive experience” are not women — whose emotions are likely to be mixed — but men, who want to get off the hook.
Naomi Schaefer Riley is a senior fellow at the Independent Women's Forum.
Twitter: @NaomiSRiley
Video
as leader of the Green Party leadership. Here's four times she hit the headlines.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Denis Betts believes Widnes will find some consistency in their performances after defeating Halifax.
For the first time this season, Betts was able to pick the same 17 players in consecutive weeks as they picked up their first victory of the Qualifiers campaign against their Championship counterparts.
The Vikings out-played their part-time opponents, and Betts is hopeful that his side can start picking up the level of their performances without the need for a weekly upheaval within his side.
“I think that's the first time I've picked the same side all year,” he said.
“It's pretty bizarre, I didn't realise myself until somebody told me.
“If we can select the same side next week at home we can build on that again.”
On the performance, Betts said: “It was a tough game, Halifax is a decent side.
“We made some real good yards. We came here expecting to win, they thought they could win. We went after them with a plan and completion was key. There was a bit of prickliness at 26-12, but I don't think we were in trouble.
“It was a really solid performance from us, it should have been a little more points wise, we missed two or three opportunities, but I'm happy with 36.”
Since 2013, I have primarily covered the Anoka-Hennepin and Spring Lake Park school districts as well as the city of Spring Lake Park for ABC Newspapers.
The Anoka-Hennepin School Board voted to set the 2018 preliminary tax levy at the maximum amount Sept. 25.
The vote was unanimous with Council Member Marci Anderson absent for the vote.
The district has historically set the tax levy at the maximum, which this year represents a 3.42 percent increase from 2017.
The proposed levy and information that will be included in the county's proposed property tax statements does not include any calculations pertaining to the proposed referendum voters will decide on Nov. 7.
The levy is expected to be $3.2 million more than it was in 2017, $95.3 million total.
The increase is partially attributed to increasing adjusted net tax capacity and referendum market value in the district, which alters funding formulas. Levy increases and aid decreases with equalization, typically.
Adjusted net tax capacity is up 7.45 percent, and referendum market value increased 5.65 percent between 2015 and 2016 in the district, according to a presentation by Chief Financial Officer Michelle Vargas. These figures are used to calculate taxes in 2018.
Furthermore, enrollment continues to grow in the district, and because most formulas are based on student counts, that means the tax levy increases, too.
“You would expect to see an increase in these formulas,” Vargas said.
This year's estimate of adjusted pupil units represents an increase of 799.
Additionally, district referendum levies increase with inflation, estimated at 2.02 percent.
If a home's value increases by less than 6 percent, Vargas would expect school district taxes to increase by 1 percent or less for homes under $300,000 if fiscal disparities hold, she said. That amounts to about $1 per month.
With the preliminary property tax levy set at the maximum, the amount levied cannot be increased other than by the election in November.
Anoka-Hennepin is asking voters to decide on two questions, one for an increase to general education revenue by $226.20 per pupil annually for 10 years, approximately $9.5 million each year, with authorization to increase annually by the rate of inflation, and the other for $249 million to construct and renovate buildings to address safety, space and maintenance needs.
The second question is contingent on the first passing.
The total tax impact of both questions is $11 per month for the average homeowner in the district.
A public hearing will be held on the proposed levy Dec. 11, and the board will set a final tax levy following that hearing.
[email protected]
David Haye has been fined £25,000 by the British Boxing Board of Control for his conduct in the build-up to his defeat by Tony Bellew.
The heavyweight repeatedly made severe threats against Bellew's life prior to their 4 March fight at London's O2 Arena. At a fight-week press conference he also called sections of his rival's supporters "f****** retards" in response to their taunts, some of which he claimed were racist.
At the BBBofC's latest board meeting on Wednesday, in the latest development to what has been a controversial career, Haye admitted to a charge of misconduct and bringing the sport into disrepute.
"The stewards of the British Boxing Board of Control considered the behaviour and comments made by boxer David Haye for his contest with Tony Bellew on the 4th March 2017 at the O2 Arena, London at their board meeting on Wednesday, 14th June 2017," read a statement issued by a governing body.
"Mr Haye admitted that his behaviour amounted to misconduct and brought boxing into disrepute.
"The stewards fined Mr Haye the sum of #25,000.00."
The 36-year-old is presently undergoing a rehabilitation programme after he ruptured his Achilles during that 11th-round stoppage defeat, which was his third as a professional.
He also recently split Shane McGuigan, the trainer who oversaw his past three fights.
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
Photo: My mother-in-law gifted me an amaryllis bulb for Christmas and it has come into full bloom. This photo was actually taken last week… the sunlight was too dramatic to resist. I've never had a “forced bulb” in winter before. It's an absolutely wonderful gift for the house, adding much-needed color and elegance to the room. It makes me want to add more to the house plant collection. I'm running out of window space!
A meeting I had scheduled for yesterday morning was gloriously cancelled, giving me my first free morning in nearly two weeks. I was almost giddy when I put the boys on the bus and got back in the house. What to do with myself? I committed to scrubbing the two bathrooms we have, which were embarrassing, to say the least. I changed into my cleaning clothes and started taking out the necessary tools of the trade. I looked at the mirror to assess its level of need and noticed my hair.
“I ought to take this time to clean up these edges,” I said out loud, looking over things.
It's a tricky word, “clean.” It's a powerful word when it comes to my hair. I thought about why I said it and what I meant by it. I washed my just on Monday, so it was plenty clean. Looking at the thick new growth, the scraggly new grays (I feel like I get a new one every day), my hair has never been healthier. I'd sacrificed a curated, neat look for much-needed healthy growth. I can't remember when I last twisted my hair.
I've maintained my natural hair since 2008, and started locing it a few months after Minor was born. I remember visiting Maryland that summer, my 2-strand twists starting to make their change to baby locs. I was standing in my Father's kitchen and he eyed me with complete contempt.
“Locs are disgusting,” he spat. “They stink. They get ashy. They are just dirty. Never met a woman with 'em who I didn't think, ‘that's just dirty hair.'”
I was shocked more than I was angry at the moment. It was a statement that pierced right through every layer of me. There are few things worse a person can say to me, let alone my own father. “Who calls their own daughter ‘dirty'? Who the hell does that?”
“I'm not calling you dirty. I'm calling your hair dirty! It's a dirty choice for wearing your hair! It's unattractive!”
There were so many reasons to argue with him, and I did. He was unconvinced and I was disappointed in the most visceral ways. I rejected his bullshit outright, doubling down on my commitment to loc my hair just to prove him wrong. But, as hurtful words do, they dug in, finding places to live and changing my behavior. It came in the form of over-conditioning my hair and twisting it too often. I felt the compulsion to wash it, to keep the locs perfectly curated and never, ever become unkempt. My locs started to thin and break from the overwork. Years of hard work came undone as I lost some, twisted others together in an effort to save them. I decided to stop twisting. I think I've gone at least 6 months without touching it, if not longer. The resulting growth has been phenomenal.
The hard won new growth, thick and untamed, was beautiful in its own way. But as I've had to participate in more than a few professional events recently, I've been covering it up with headbands and scarves. I tell myself it's out of presentation… but I wonder if I subconsciously have decided that my pure, raw hair is just not appropriate for public consumption. I thought, as I approached the process with these reflective questions in mind, how I could reclaim the ritual of twisting. How can I make this a ritual that feeds me, rather than a compulsion to conform me to an imposed image from the outside?
My Quiet Thoughts are on how good it felt to go through the process. The warmed oils on my scalp, the long shower to wash and condition, the velvety raw cocoa butter in my fingers during the twisting, the click and clack of the clips I use to hold the twists in position as I go. I listened to an audiobook and took my time. The only thing I missed was the community of home: growing up, hair was a family activity with me, Mom and my sister in the kitchen or at a salon. It was always hours-long and a pain… but now, ever alone in these sorts of things, it would have been nice to hear stories in familiar cadence, laugh at stories only we can tell, commune over the shared narrative of womanhood and Blackness. I don't know when I'll next need to do it, but I hope that my next retwist will be as satisfying and filling as this one was.
In the end, I was indeed “clean.” My hair looks fabulous; the new growth now integrated with the established twists, the length of each loc now more pronounced. I feel more confident and bold, feeling like I'm presenting my best self when I walk into these meetings and events coming up. As my roles evolve and my involvement grows, the love for myself is my best tool, my most beautiful feature.
Ultimately, a person will see me or they won't. They'll know me, or they'll pass me over. I have to choose myself. I have to know that I'm beautiful.
It's a night of howling wind carrying cold that cuts straight to the bone. It bites and scratches at uncovered skin, burrowing through even the thickest coats and sweaters underneath. The sky is clear, the sun golden on the western horizon. You see the ball of fire and dare it to be more helpful, pleading for it to give off even a degree more heat before it visits the other parts of the world. It is unsympathetic, I guess. At least we have the full moon to look forward to in a bit.
My Dear Reader, it's cold, but it's Friday. Even cold Fridays are for wishes. I wish you, first and foremost, all the warm stuff. I'm talkin' the works: an oversized blanket, socks that go well above the ankles, flannel pants and long-sleeved shirts, a roaring fire if you can have one, a steaming cup of comforting tea. Share or don't share, Dear Reader! Well, share. Warmth is literal and figurative… and on nights like this, you most certainly need both! I wish you a very good book to get lost in and a good chunk of time to read it. A good counter-balance to all the loudness to come on Sunday night, no? I wish you a beautiful natural thing to stare at for a moment: a forced bulb in a window, an animal strolling by, a glorious sunset, or a mesmerizing sunrise. I hope it inspires you for the rest of the weekend and spurs you to create something beautiful yourself. I wish you the warmth of a held hand, a kiss on the cheek. I wish you the pleasure of a secret, or the intimacy of a whisper in your ear. Something that makes you want to pull a person close, to feel the warmth of their breath, the power of their steady gaze. When was the last time you really had a halting moment with the person you love? Spark something this weekend, Dear Reader. You don't need a holiday to do that, you know.
I wish you the powerful knowledge that you are infinitely beautiful. Your presence in this world matters and what you choose to do on a daily basis has weight and meaning. There are people near and far who think of you and love you, who admire you not only because of what you've accomplished, but simply because of who you are. Walk with a strong sense of self-love and trusting purpose. You are the light in the darkness for more people than you could possibly know.
Until Monday, stay warm and take care.
(and Go Eagles! For the love of goodness, PLEASE beat the Patriots!!!!)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
To the untrained eye, there's nothing remarkable about the A44 autobahn in central Germany, the motorway that links the industrial and heavily-populated Rhine-Ruhr region to the country's heartland.
However, near the small town of Buren the road, ever so subtly, begins to change to serve its secret — and chilling — second purpose.
At this spot, the A44 doubles up as a secret military runway ready and waiting for war to be declared.
Called highway strips, these motorways have been specifically designed so if a country's air bases are taken out, fighter jets can still take to the skies.
The road's usual gentle curves die away and are replaced by dead straights; the grassy median strip disappears uncovering a center runway line. And, off to the side, what looks like a large parking lot is actually an aircraft parking bay.
Germany is not alone in having highway strips. They also exist, equally unnoticed, in Switzerland, Poland, Singapore, Taiwan, and Finland.
Australia too has a small number or roads that, in just moments, can be turned into runways.
The latest country to sign up to roads-turned-runways is India. Last year, the country's transport minister Nitin Gadkari said they could be a boon for civilian air travel.
“We can close road traffic when a plane lands and open once the plane has taken off. Airport investment costs would come down as the road will also be used as an airstrip,” he told Bloomberg.
But Srikanth Ramakrishnan, a journalist with Swarajya magazine, pondered whether a military use was more likely. Indeed, in 2015, an Indian Mirage jet successfully landed on a motorway outside Delhi.
“In the border areas in Arunachal Pradesh [province], which Gadkari has mentioned in his plan, airstrips could be built for the air force to use in case of, say, a Chinese incursion.”
First established during the Cold War, highway strips took advantage of Germany's pioneering autobahn network.
Warplanes could be parked in bushes, next to the highway, ready to take off in minutes.
In 1984, NATO forces commandeered an entire autobahn, near Ahlhorn in north-west Germany, for 48 hours.
A mobile air traffic control tower was wheeled in as Hercules transporters and Tornado jets practiced their landing skills just meters from an overpass.
Finland annually tests out the rigor of its runway freeways. Last year, it even invited the Swedes to land some of their planes on a main road north of Helsinki.
The Finns haven't just modified their highways for planes, their planes have modifications that suit highways.
“[The aircraft's] folding wings have turned out as a useful feature during taxi on narrow roads,” remarked the Finnish air force.
In Australia too, some roads are not what they seem.
Head out towards Broken Hill, a small mining town 700 miles west of Sydney, on the Silver City Highway and out of the desert appears what looks to be a pedestrian crossing.
In fact, it's the markings at the beginning of a runway. To the left is a telltale oddly large parking lot.
In just about as remote place as you can get, $4 million has been spent by the NSW Government to build a road runway.
But, unlike in Europe and Asia, this highway strip has a more benign purpose — it's an emergency landing area for the Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS).
It's also hardly a secret given that there are large signs warning of fast approaching aircraft.
The airstrip can be used 24/7 in all conditions and it means that residents who had previously traveled up to two and a half hours to get to a hospital can reach help much faster.
“Previously the RFDS had to land on unsealed airstrips on isolated properties with property owners bearing the cost of maintaining the landing area,” then Roads Minister Duncan Gay said at the airstrip's opening in 2015. “This is a better solution that is safer and far more reliable.”
A spokeswoman for the RFDS told News.com.au that turning a highway into a makeshift runway was relatively easy as the aircraft they used were far lighter than commercial or military planes.
“You just need a properly sealed road surface but you do need an extra sealed area next to the road to turn around the aircraft,” she said.
However, at the end of the day, roads are not runways.
“You need to be able to warn motorists as even though it's quite remote you don't want a plane landing as you're driving,” she said. “So we have police officers on hand to stop the traffic.”
Pilots prefer to only land on the road runways during daytime hours due to the lack of landing lights, “but it is possible to light the road in an emergency — by burning toilet paper rolls [and lining them along the road]”.
The Western Australian Government has gone as far as publishing guidelines as to what roads make a good runway.
They should be generally flat, with no objects nearby more than 150 feet above the ground, no intersections, a low risk of flooding, and no cattle grids.
Residential areas should be avoided, the advice states. Although, this is clearly not an issue for the heavily built city-state of Singapore which conducted exercises late last year landing fighter jets on urban streets.
It took 48 hours to remove the road's lamp posts, traffic lights, bus stops, road signs, and guard rails.
“110 airman and women converted the 1.5 mile and just 78-foot wide Lim Chu Kang Road into a runway. And included a mobile air traffic control tower, runway lights, distance markers and arrestor gear for fighter planes to hook and stop in time.”
“Easy to say but hard to do,” said Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen in November.
But while some roads might be ready and waiting to be secret military runways, there are a few rare cases where military runways have become actual roads.
Ross Smith Avenue in Darwin, the capital of Australia's Northern Territory, is unusually wide, long and straight for a small suburban street. That's because it used to be the runway for the city's airport before it moved to its current digs.
If you look very carefully, down a side street, you can still spy the Qantas hanger.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
11:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump has tweeted a military-themed, Independence Day video greeting to the nation.
In a short recording, Trump said Wednesday he and first lady Melania Trump wished everyone a happy holiday.
Trump noted the day marked the 242nd anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. But his focus was on the U.S. military and veterans. Trump declared, “Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes. And these are great American heroes.”
Trump is to hold a picnic Wednesday afternoon for military families at the White House, followed by a concert and with a view of the National Park Service's fireworks display.
——
12:04 a.m.
President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute on the eve of Independence Day.
Delivering remarks at a “Salute to Service” charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, Trump praised “Americans of every generation” who served in the armed forces.
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic, which has been rechristened as “A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier.” The venerable resort is owned by the state's Republican governor, presidential ally Jim Justice.
Highlighting his efforts to boost spending for the military, Trump said, “As the golfers can tell you, the stronger we get, the less likely it is that we will have to use it.”
An avid golfer, Trump praised the “incredible athletes” in attendance.
HOUSTON - Stanton Welch, the artistic director for the Houston Ballet, stops by with a preview of their new production called "Play."
Enter HERE for your chance to win tickets to see a performance of "Play."
"Play" runs June 8-10 at the George R. Brown Assembly Hall. Tickets start at $40. Call 713-227-ARTS (2787) to learn more.
Sponsored by the Houston Ballet.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
PORTLAND, Maine — Police say an absent-minded shopper at a Maine grocery store took somebody else's cart with a sleeping baby inside, causing a lockdown and a police investigation.
Portland police say the shopper was mortified when he realized his mistake but didn't bother to alert anyone on Friday. Instead, the shopper left the cart in another part of the store and retrieved his own cart. Police say store video backs up his claim.
Police Chief Michael Sauschuck says grocery store staff quickly locked down the store. Police determined the conduct didn't warrant criminal charges.
The baby was restrained in a car seat and slept through the entire scare.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Paul C. Varga, who has led Brown-Forman Corp. for more than a decade, will retire at year's end, and will be succeeded as CEO by another executive at the spirits company best known for its Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey brand.
The next CEO at the Louisville-based company will be Lawson E. Whiting, who currently serves as chief operating officer. Varga will remain on Brown-Forman's board of directors after stepping down as CEO.
Varga focused during his tenure on Brown-Forman's premium spirits portfolio while expanding its global markets and overseeing the release of brand extensions.
The company built on its best-known brand by rolling out Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey and Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire, capitalizing on an industrywide trend toward flavoured whiskeys. The company has rejuvenated its Old Forester bourbon brand, and is set to officially open its new downtown Louisville distillery for the historic brand next month.
The company expanded its global reach, and its products now are sold in more than 165 countries.
Brown-Forman's extensive brand lineup also includes Finlandia, Korbel, el Jimador, Woodford Reserve, Canadian Mist, Herradura, Sonoma-Cutrer and Early Times. The company has nearly 4,700 employees.
The company is looking for a smooth leadership transition, and Varga said Tuesday that Lawson is “ideally suited” to assume the role as CEO.
“In determining the best time to implement the final piece of this succession plan, I naturally considered the readiness of the company to navigate a leadership transition such as this, and now is the right time,” Varga said.
Whiting, 49, is a 21-year Brown-Forman executive who began his career in corporate development and investor relations. Since then he has held several roles, including assignments in finance, marketing and commercial functions in the United States and Europe. He helped reshape Brown-Forman's portfolio as chief brands and strategy officer.
Whiting said he will take over as CEO at a time when the company is performing well. He said he looks forward to leading Brown-Forman's next rounds of growth.
“We will continue to focus on the premium American whiskey category and further strengthen our super-premium brand portfolio,” Whiting said.
Varga will be capping a 31-year career at Brown-Forman. George Garvin Brown IV, chairman of the company's board, on Tuesday praised Varga for transforming the company's extensive spirits portfolio.
“Paul entered the leadership ranks at a time when the future of American whiskey was in doubt, even in the United States,” he said. “He will retire having successfully grown the Jack Daniel's franchise into one of the most valuable spirits trademarks in the world.”
Dorna Communications
Two races into the Moto3™ World Championship there's a clear leader as we head for round three: Leopard Racing's Joan Mir. A full fifty points on the board after a win and another win, not even a P16 grid position in Argentina could keep the Mallorcan down – so the target for the grid is clear: catch Mir if you can.
So far the closest challenges have come from British Talent Team rider John McPhee and Del Conca Gresini Moto3's Jorge Martin, as the two riders completed an identical podium in Argentina to that of Qatar. McPhee has been there or close in both, but Martin believes he was lacking a little to be able to move up the rostrum. Now, will be on it from FP1 in Texas as motivation gets higher and higher.
Thank you Argentina, you've been kind! Pole position, on the podium again with 2nd position and fastest overall lap of the weekend. Next stop Austin 🇺🇸 A post shared by John Mcphee (@johnmcp17) on Apr 10, 2017 at 5:03pm PDT
It's time to find some traction in Texas, with FP1 setting the weekend in motion from 9:00am local time (GMT -5) on Friday.
Moto3 World Championship Classification
1 - Joan Mir (SPA - Honda) 50 points
2 - John McPhee (GBR - Honda) 40 points
3 - Jorge Martin (SPA - Honda) 32 points
4 - Andrea Migno (ITA - KTM) 21 points
5 - Romano Fenati (ITA - Honda) 20 points
Image copyright Margaret Henderson-McCarroll Image caption Ms Henderson-McCarroll admitted the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan
A woman who killed a pensioner while "high on crystal meth and heroin" has been given a six-year sentence.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan, 67, on the grounds of diminished responsibility in May.
The 31 year old, who has 100 previous convictions, was told she must serve three years in prison.
Sentencing her, Mr Justice Treacy said it was "an horrific crime".
Speaking in court on Monday, he said the victim "must have suffered terribly".
Mr Girvan was found dead at his Greenisland home in County Antrim. He was virtually naked, bound and gagged on 18 January 2016.
He had been stabbed in the chest and suffocated after being gagged with kitchen roll and a tie to stop him calling out for help.
The court had heard previously that either injury could have killed him.
The court was told that the pair, who had known each other for some years, had argued over money for sex.
Henderson-McCarroll said she had been acting in self defence and "poked" her victim with a cake knife after Mr Girvan came at her with a stick sword.
She said she had not meant to kill him and admitted that she had been high on crystal meth and heroin at the time.
Image copyright PACEMAKER Image caption Eddie Girvan, 67, was a collector of antiques and jewellery
After the stabbing, Henderson-McCarroll admitted taking more heroin "to calm her nerves" before stealing Mr Girvan's car and driving it to Belfast.
She was involved in an accident at Custom House Square, Belfast which led police to find Mr Girvan's car at the city hostel where she had been living.
She was later arrested on an unrelated bench warrant and found to have a sat nav, a watch, and two sets of car keys in her possession.
The sat nav contained Mr Girvan's home address and, after several attempts to contact him at home, police broke in and found his body.
Henderson-McCarroll has 100 previous convictions for robbery, theft and assault.
The court heard she had bitten, punched and head butted elderly men, young women and children in the course of past crimes.
Image copyright Kirth Ferris Image caption Police forensic officers at Mr Girvan's home where he was found dead in January 2016
A doctor's report stated that she had lived a "chaotic life" of drug addiction, alcohol abuse, crime and prostitution.
The court was told that she relapsed into heroin and crystal meth addiction after the death of her baby daughter.
She also previously admitted eight other charges connected to Mr Girvan's killing:
* Theft;
* Attempted theft;
* Aggravated vehicle-taking causing damage;
* Dangerous driving;
* Driving when unfit through drink or drugs;
* Driving without insurance;
* Failing to stop at an accident
* Failing to report an accident
For those crimes, she was sentenced to between four months and one year in prison - all to be served concurrently with her manslaughter sentence which was six years - three to be served in prison and three on licence.
Image copyright Wikimedia Commons Image caption The North University of China wants students to put down their javelins and pick up their hand grenades
A Chinese university has decided to liven up its annual sports day by hosting a grenade-tossing event, it's reported.
According to the China Youth Daily newspaper, the North University of China in the city of Taiyuan, northern Shanxi province, has decided to introduce a "500-gram grenade toss" to its track and field event in May.
One teacher, Li Jiangxi, told the paper that the school had noted the earlier reluctance of students to take part in annual javelin and discus contests.
However, after the school decided to replace these contests with the grenade toss, Ms Li said that there had been a surge of interest.
"Students rushed to sign up," she said. "Some came late and didn't qualify; they seemed really disappointed."
The paper says that the idea originally came from a student called Wu Jianhang, who had written to the school headmaster, suggesting the new activity.
"He told reporters that he liked throwing items; however, when he signed up for the sports event last year, he found that javelin and discus did not suit him," China Youth Daily says.
According to the Global Times daily, students will be throwing weighted replicas of a Type 23 projectile, a wood-handled grenade based on the distinctive German World War Two Stielhandgranate, or stick grenade. It was later adapted by the Chinese military.
The university says that the event, which they are hoping to continue in future years, is not a publicity stunt, but rather a way to commemorate the school's history.
When it was founded in 1941, the North University of China was originally named the Taihang Industrial School, and was a base for the People's Liberation Army to develop weaponry and train personnel.
Reporting by Kerry Allen
Next story: Kyrgyz mayor dons fake beard to tour city in disguise
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
An ​FDNY firefighter ​who allegedly punch​ed his ex in the face has been slapped with a suspension.
see also FDNY firefighter charged with punching ex in the face An FDNY firefighter was hired after the MTA booted him...
Clyde Phillips, 36, was suspended for 30 days without pay — three days after The Post revealed his arrest in a Midtown Duane Reade, the FDNY confirmed.
Phillips, assigned to Engine Co. 234 in Crown Heights, made $142,266 last year.
He was busted Jan. 18 on multiple misdemeanor counts of assault and harassment. The Jan. 15 punch ​to his ex-girlfriend's face was caught on security video, police said.
Phillips joined the FDNY in 2014 as one of 282 court-ordered “priority hires” in a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the city.​
The FDNY had no comment.
Father-daughter couple arrested for incest after having love child A 42-year-old North Carolina man and his 20-year-old daughter have been arrested on incest charges after having a love child last year — and reportedly getting married. Steven Pladl, 42,...
Preacher's path to murder trial started on dark web and Ashley Madison A preacher who was an avid user of adultery site Ashley Madison attempted to hire a hitman to make his wife's death appear to be an accident, according to prosecutors....
Princess Diana was 'fading physically' after finding out about Charles' cheating Princess Diana struggled for years against bulimia and was “fading physically” after learning her husband, the future king of England, was cheating, long-time pals of the late royal said. The...
Husband uses drone to catch cheating wife A suspicious hubby used a drone to catch his wife cheating — and then posted evidence of the alleged extramarital shenanigans online. In a video posted to YouTube on Monday,...
Parrot outs husband cheating with maid This parrot's a rat! A pet parrot squawked to its owner that her hubby was two-timing her with their maid, nearly landing him in Kuwaiti jail, according to reports Tuesday....
Cuckold chops off rival's penis A Vietnamese man is recovering from a penis reattachment operation after the husband of his mistress allegedly sliced off his genitalia. “The patient's condition is stable, but it will take...
Islamists who preached chastity caught having sex on beach A pair of Islamist politicians who have advocated for chastity were caught having sex on a Moroccan beach, officials said. The lovefest between Moulay Omar Benhammad, 63, and Fatima Nejjar,...
ISIS thugs stone accused adulterers to death ISIS brutes have stoned to death four men in Iraq whom they accused of adultery — and shocking photos capture the savagery. Sickening pictures show the final moments of the sentenced...
Husband wasn't having an affair with this woman wearing his pajamas, he swears DELTONA, Fla. — Deputies say a wife thought her husband was having an affair when she found a 22-year-old woman wearing his pajamas. Turns out the woman was just hiding...
LONDON — As she was waiting for The Killers to arrive on stage at a music festival in London last month, Gina Martin says she noticed two men nearby looking at a picture of a woman's crotch on a phone screen.
The freelance writer from London says she could barely believe it when she realized the skirt and underwear displayed were hers.
The image had been taken moments before and captured “my legs, my thighs, my crotch,” said Martin. “I knew it was me straight away because of what I was wearing.”
Martin, 25, had just become a victim of what is known as "upskirting."
She quickly alerted nearby police officers who then questioned the two men she told them had snapped the photo. Although Martin says the officers were helpful and empathetic, she says they warned her there might not be much they'd be able to do about it.
Gina Martin / NBC News
Five days later, she says she received a phone call from police saying they were closing the case.
Martin says she has since learned that under English law there is no specific legislation designed to deal with “upskirting” or “downblousing” — where mobile phones or cameras are used to surreptitiously photograph woman underneath their clothing in public without consent.
Martin has since garnered significant attention in the British press over her case, as well as the support of public figures.
Professor Clare McGlynn, an expert in legal regulation of image-based sexual abuse at Britain's Durham University, explains that England has laws that prevent voyeuristic images being taken in private settings like homes and changing rooms.
But because most upskirting takes place in public, no law clearly covers this activity.
When upskirting is prosecuted in England it is usually done under what is called “outraging public decency,” McGlynn continues. That means the charge is generally based on offense caused to the wider public who may have witnessed the act rather than for the harm caused to the person photographed.
But Martin believes this isn't enough in an age when compromising or “creepy” images taken in a public place without permission can be shared instantly on social media or even uploaded to porn websites.
“ I got so many messages from women who this has happened to”
London's Metropolitan Police told NBC News in a statement they believed Martin's case had initially been dealt with “in line with the victims wishes,” but that they had since “recontacted the victim and inquiries are ongoing.”
The Met also stated that it “takes allegations of voyeurism seriously and does and will investigate them thoroughly.”
Martin says she is aware her case has been re-opened. But she has already resolved to take matters into her own hands by starting an online petition to raise awareness on the issue in the hope of pressurizing U.K. lawmakers to act.
At time of writing more than 60,000 people had signed on in support. If 100,000 sign up the issue will have to be offically considered for debate in the British parliament.
Yet Martin's experiences are not unique and upskirting is far from just a U.K. problem.
The Japan Times reported police in Kyoto, Japan, were ramping up vigilance at train stations, temples and shrines last October amid reports of people trying to take photos of girls' and women's underwear in major tourist areas.
Singer Katy Perry accused photographers of trying to take photos up her skirt in much publicized incident in 2010, which resulted in her then-husband Russell Brand being arrested after a subsequent scuffle with photographers.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand attend John Galliano Pret a Porter show as part of the Paris Womenswear Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2010 at Halle Freyssinet on Oct. 7, 2009. Eric Ryan / Getty Images Contributor
Holly Kearl of Washington D.C. non-profit, Stop Street Harassment, meanwhile, points to a case where a teenager was charged in connection with upskirting photos taken of women who were riding the escalator at various Metro stations in Maryland just last week
According to Christina Gagnier, a California based lawyer and advisor for the anti-cyber exploitation non-profit Without My Consent, laws on upskirting differ from state to state in the U.S..
In California, for example, upskirting falls under and is covered by the non-consensual distribution of intimate photos,” Gagnier says.
More than 30 states have moved on the wider issue of “non-consensual pornography” which accounts for issues like upskirting and revenge porn, Gagnier adds.
But like in England, there remain places where the law was never designed to contemplate issues like upskirting, which have become prominent with modern tools like camera phones and selfie sticks.
Susan Gallagher, a professor of political science who specializes in gender, privacy and politics at the University of Massachusetts Lowell, says many uskirting cases in the U.S. rely on older laws and have hinged upon what degree of privacy a victim can expect in a public place.
“ [The best solution would be] a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level”
She points to a 2016 case in Georgia where a man was found not guilty of taking upskirting photos in a grocery store. Under voyeurism laws in the state at the time, such images were only illegal if they occurred “in any private place and out of public view.”
Some states with similarly worded laws have tried to argue that the “private place” is the woman's body, Gallagher continues. But seeing as that is not how those laws were intended when written that interpretation “hasn't really held,” she said.
Georgia subsequently moved to amend its laws and as of May upskirting is now illegal in the state.
Gagnier says she wishes the issue didn't have to be legislated upon but believes the best solution would be “a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level so victims have access to justice down both of those paths.”
She says that would be the case if a 2016 bill introduced by California Congresswoman Jackie Speier on non-consensual pornography were to become law.
Back in England, McGlynn highlights laws that have been introduced in Scotland and the Australian state of Victoria as key examples to be followed by U.K. legislators.
Gina Martin / NBC News
Martin, meanwhile, says her campaign has received messages of support from lawyers and lawmakers in the U.K. parliament. Ideally, she wants upskirting to be regarded as a sexual offense.
“If it was classed as a sexual offence a lot more women would start reporting it as they could do so anonymously,” she says.
Yet just raising the issue and speaking to other women has been a reassuring experience for Martin, even though she has received abuse from trolls on various social media channels as well.
“I got so many messages from women who this has happened to, so it's obviously a really big issue,” she says.
“Girls as young as 15 [told me it has happened to them]. They didn't know what to do. So this is why I really want to push it,” she adds.
Disastrous first dates are just funny stories that you later keep telling your friends about. Don't worry you are not alone here; most of us had terrible experiences or at least know someone who's been through this misery.
However, if you faced anything slightly similar to the following examples, then I recommend that you run as fast as you possibly can, because darling she/he ain't a keeper.
The No Show Up
If you have ever been in this place, then you have my sympathies. It is quite devastating how one person can spend hours planning a first date and getting excited for it, but the other person wouldn't show up or cancel last minute. Don't ever do this!
The Blunt
It is cool to be super honest and act naturally, but it is not okay to confess your feelings on your first date. If there was any chance of the both of you getting together, then you just ruined them.
The Mum as a Third Wheeler
We all love our mums and miss them a lot, but why would your mum call to check up on you every couple of minutes? I think it would have been easier if she was invited to the date as well. Typical Egyptian mums.
The ‘Nwafa2 Raseen Fel Halal‘
When your friends set you up with one of their other friends, it is really awkward but you can't say no because you have been single for quite some time now. You go out with a stranger, hoping it ends with the both of you falling in love.
The Socially Awkward One
Both of you keep checking your phones most of the date. You keep looking at the clock thinking it's been an hour, but it has actually only been 15 minutes. That's why you always have to pre-prepare a fake emergency call with one of your friends just in case.
The One Where She Brought her Friend
You are finally excited to go on a date with the girl you had a crush on for weeks now. Here she arrives looking stunning as ever, but so does her friend. If you are not smart enough to get her ‘not so hidden' message, then you deserve it.
The One Where You Meet One of Your Exes
Everything was going fine, and you were both enjoying your time until she caught sight of her ex. She starts babbling about how much he hurt her, and it suddenly seems like you're going out on a therapy session instead. You're lucky if she didn't cry.
The One Where You Were Hiding from Your Parents
You would think that the odds are minimal, but it does happen! So instead of just enjoying your time together, you spend it trying to hide from her parents. Otherwise, you have to go and say hi to your future parents in law.
The dating world is rough on all of us, so don't feel bad about yourself for having faced the downside of dating.
Cologne's chief of police dismissed claims of racial profiling Sunday after officers detained hundreds of North African men in an effort to prevent a repeat of sexual assaults during New Year's festivities in the German city a year ago.
The men had gathered late Saturday at Cologne's main train station and in the Deutz district, across the Rhine river. In an overnight tweet, police had described them as being “seemingly of African descent,” prompting online criticism that people were being detained based on their appearance alone.
“I reject this negative criticism,” Police Chief Juergen Mathies told reporters. “The clear aim was to prevent similar events to previous year.”
Hundreds of people were robbed and sexually assaulted during New Year's celebrations in Cologne last year. The crimes were blamed largely on men of North African origin who had taken advantage of chaotic and crowded scenes around the city's cathedral.
Mathies said he had instructed officers to intervene sooner this year. Of the 650 people detained for identity checks, almost all were from North African countries, he said.
“Their characteristics were such that potential crimes could indeed be expected,” he added, without elaborating,
About 100 people in all were arrested overnight, while authorities logged about 160 crimes that included almost a dozen assaults or insults of a sexual nature, police said.
Cologne Mayor Henriette Reker said she was “happy and relieved” that the night had passed fairly uneventfully. About 50,000 people rang in the new year in front of Cologne Cathedral, officials said.
Anti-immigration groups seized upon last year's assaults to criticize the government, although police noted that very few suspects came from the same countries as the majority of migrants who arrived in Germany during the previous two years.
Image copyright Jamie Simpson / SWNS Image caption Pensioner Bill Watson fell into the Forth and Clyde canal on Easter Sunday
An MSP came to the rescue after an elderly Glasgow man toppled into a canal when cycling home.
SNP politician Ivan McKee was on hand to haul 81-year-old Bill Watson out of the Forth and Clyde canal on Easter Sunday.
Mr Watson was cycling along the Forth and Clyde canal when he and his bike fell into the water.
The Glasgow MSP dragged Mr Watson out of the icy water and he was taken to hospital with hypothermia.
Mr Watson said: "I thought I would give cyclists some room coming past. The next minute I was too near the edge and I've fallen into the water."
"I was hanging onto a ledge and my bike was all tangled and I couldn't get up. I shouted for help for a while, but it was a quiet day and there was nobody there."
Luckily, Mr McKee was jogging past and came to the Mr Watson's aid.
Image caption Ivan McKee was jogging past Mr Watson
"Eventually I saw a figure over the parapet, who dragged me and the bike on to the bank," Mr Watson said.
The MSP was assisted by two women who phoned emergency services. Mr Watson was then taken to hospital with hypothermia, and doctors discovered he also had a heart condition so a pacemaker was fitted. He was released after four days.
But he did not know who his saviour was until Mr McKee visited his home to find out about his recovery.
"That's just the type of person he is. He's a very nice man."
"I never recognised him until he came to my home. I only saw a yellow top, he was out jogging, lucky for me. I got a 'celebrity' to pull me out of the water."
North Central Texas College Alumna Lyndi Starr was recently named the Masked Rider at Texas Tech University, the university's official mascot. A 2013 Mt. Vernon H i g h S c h o o l g r a d u – ate, Starr first attended NCTC in Fall 2013.
She was a member of the Stock Horse, Equestrian, and Horse Judging teams while at NCTC. In 2014, Starr and the Stock Horse Team were the Stock Horse of Texas (SHOT) Collegiate World Champions. After the Fall 2015 semester, Starr graduated with an associate of applied science degree in equine science and received the equine marketable skills certificate. She then transferred to Texas Tech University in Lubbock.
“NCTC was a great place for me to start after high school rather than going straight to a university,” said Starr. “It gave me time to mature and the equestrian program at NCTC really helped prepare me. In fact, without the equine program, I more than likely would not be at Texas Tech or be the Masked Rider.
Read the full story in the mid-week news.
An EMT revealed a poignant detail Friday in the police shooting death of emotionally disturbed Bronx woman Deborah Danner — testifying that he'd been about to move her to safety moments before shots rang out.
Danner had calmed down and was seated on her bed as EMT Patrick Moore left the bedroom to get a chair in which to transport her out of her castle Hill apartment, he testified.
Suddenly, a half-dozen cops rushed past him into the bedroom, he testified.
“I heard a lot of commotion,” Moore said. “I heard yelling, ‘Get down!' I heard the word ‘bat,' he added.
Defendant Sgt. Hugh Barry has contended through his lawyer that he shot the schizophrenic Danner, 66, as she swung a bat at him.
“Then I heard gunshots,” Moore said.
He heard Danner let out one scream, he said.
Inside the bedroom, the dying woman was “Lying on the bed … unconscious,” he said.
“There was blood spewing out of her left chest and her left arm was mangled,” he said.
“The patient was taking her last agonal respirations,” he said, using the medical terms for her deep, dying breaths.
There was no pulse, he said — and instead of the chair he'd intended to transport her in, Moore and his fellow EMTs carried the near-dead woman from the apartment in a stretcher.
Prosecution testimony is slated to continue Monday before Bronx Supreme Court Justice Robert Neary, who is presiding over the non-jury trial.
Barry faces up to life in prison if convicted of murder.
Daily Paper Takes a Trip to South Africa for the Second Drop In Its Spring/Summer 2018 Collection
Daily Paper Takes a Trip to South Africa for the Second Drop In Its Spring/Summer 2018 Collection
Daily Paper is rolling out more fly gear from its Spring/Summer 2018 set, this time taking things to South Africa to put a global impact on the fashion game.
Similar to The North Face's recent journey to Nepal for its Khumbu Pack lookbook, Daily Paper heads to the Alexandra township of South Africa's Gauteng province to roll out the colorful range of streetwear. The photo set here captures the tale of African youth, spearheaded by Johannesburg collective The Sartists. Standout items include the long-sleeve polos (seen above), tracksuits and outwear in a variety of hues.
Pick up Part II of the Daily Paper SS18 collection in the brand's online shop right now.
Images: Thotloetso Kutlwano Mogotsi
The government of Canada continues to support efforts to reach a viable and functional solution of the Cyprus problem, and will continue to show interest in Cyprus and the developments, Governor General of Canada Julie Payette has said.
Receiving the credentials of Cyprus' new High Commissioner to Canada, based on Ottawa, Vassilis Philippou, on June 29, Payette referred to the participation of the Canadian detachment in the UN Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) since 1964.
Philippou thanked Payette for Canada's steadfast support in the Cyprus problem and referred to the latest developments in efforts to reach a settlement.
Payette and Philippou also discussed bilateral relations and ways to enhance cooperation in the fields of tourism, education, culture and shipping.
Image copyright Leicestershire Police Image caption Colin Pitchfork raped and murdered two Leicestershire school girls
A double child killer who was the first person to be convicted using DNA evidence is to be released from prison on unsupervised days out.
Colin Pitchfork, 56, was given a life sentence in 1988 for the rape and murder of 15-year-olds Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth in Leicestershire.
Lynda's mother fears he is being given the opportunity to kill again.
However, the Ministry of Justice said all offenders must "pass a full risk assessment" before being released.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Pitchfork raped 15-year-old Lynda Mann and strangled her with her own scarf
Image caption Kath Eastwood, Lynda's mother, said she is "angry beyond belief"
Kath Eastwood, Lynda Mann's mother, said: "I'm so angry that the system is allowing this excuse for a human being, a double child rapist and murderer, [to] be on the streets where he sees the next opportunity to kill again.
"Yes he will be locked up again but what about the devastation that will leave another innocent family?
"I am angry beyond belief that I cannot stop this."
Colin Pitchfork: Two brutal murders
Colin Pitchfork, 22 at the time of the first murder, was married with two sons. He was a baker who grew up in rural Leicestershire and lived in Littlethorpe
In November 1983 he left his baby son sleeping in the back of his car and raped and strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann with her own scarf in Narborough. He then drove home and put his son to bed
Three years later, less than a mile from where Lynda died, he raped and murdered Dawn Ashworth, also 15, of Enderby. The pathologist who examined her body described it as a "brutal sexual assault"
A police investigation initially led to the wrong man, Richard Buckland, a local 17-year-old who falsely confessed to one of the killings. After an unprecedented mass screening of 5,000 men using pioneering "DNA profiling" technology, Pitchfork was eventually caught. At first, Pitchfork had evaded justice by persuading a colleague to take the test for him
He pleaded guilty to both murders in September 1987 and was sentenced to life in January 1988. The judge said the killings were "particularly sadistic" and he doubted Pitchfork would ever be released
In 2009, his 30-year life tariff was reduced by two years for "exceptional progress" - a decision that was strongly criticised by the families of his victims
He was moved to an undisclosed open prison at some point prior to 8 January 2017, after his request for release
Relatives of Pitchfork's victims have been sent letters telling them "a series of unescorted ROTLs" (release on temporary licence) "will be happening in the near future".
Offenders are released on temporary licence towards the end of their sentences.
The Ministry of Justice said it does not comment on individuals.
However, it said in a statement: "All offenders must meet strict criteria and pass a full risk assessment before being considered for release on temporary licence (ROTL).
"Those who fail to comply with the conditions of a ROTL can be returned to closed prisons where they may have to serve additional time."
An upstate eatery is not budging from its longtime rule about booze: If you're driving your kids later, you can only have one alcoholic drink.
Melissa Gravelle, general manager of Peddlers Bar & Bistro in Clifton Park, about 12 miles north of Albany, told ABC News 10 that as her restaurant prepares for a busy summer season, she's holding the policy very close to her heart.
“We love children,” she told the station. “Everybody loves children and children don't have a voice.”
The policy has been in effect since 2010, and Gravelle said it's not expected to change anytime soon.
“I could never live with myself knowing that I killed somebody driving,” Gravelle added. “I could never do that…and it's a choice that you can avoid.”
Though the policy is usually easy to enforce, those who refuse to abide by it are asked to leave, she told the station.
“[Wait staff] do get berated at the tables and some come back very upset,” Gravelle said. “But the managers go to the table and they explain, ‘We're not picking on parents, it's just something that we feel in our hearts is something that we can do in order to help.'”
Diner Barb Buckley told the station that she completely approves of the rule.
“I'm a former educator and I think it's a great policy,” she said. “When you think about the responsibility that a parent has to protect their children, I think it's a great policy. I'm behind them 100 percent.”
Customer Greg Culver agreed.
“Why take the chance?” he told ABC. “Definitely doesn't make any sense. That way you keep those people off the road.”
POMPEY have moved to strengthen their options with the arrival of Stanley Aborah until the end of the season.
The midfielder joins for the rest of the campaign after leaving League Two rivals Notts County. Aborah has undertaken an unusual and well-travelled career in the game before touching down at Fratton Park. Here's the lowdown on the 29-year-old.
n Stanley Aborah is a graduate of the world-famous Ajax academy – which he joined in 2001. He left the Dutch giants five years later after making four senior appearances.
n One of Aborah's Ajax outings came against Maccabi Tel-Aviv in the Champions League in 2004.
n Aborah has enjoyed a well-travelled career taking in a stint in Holland. He's also played in Belgium, Slovenia, Slovakia, Kuwait and for English clubs Gillingham and Notts County at the age of 29.
n As well as Ajax, Aborah has played for established European clubs such as Dutch sides Vitesse Arnhem and Den Bosch. He's also turned out for Anderlecht and Gent in Belgium and Hungarian powerhouse Ferencvaros.
n Unusually for a footballer, Aborah has a Linkedin page but has no active presence on Twitter.
n After being signed by Ricardo Moniz, Aborah made 42 appearances in 19 months at Meadow Lane, scoring a single goal. When Moniz left the club he fell out with a succession of managers.
n Aborah picked up some silverware when moving to Ferencvaros, where he lifted the Hungarian League Cup in 2013.
n After leaving Ajax he joined top-flight Dutch side Den Bosch where he bagged three goals in 21 outings.
n The Ghanaian-Belgian had a trial at Middlesbrough and planned training with Crystal Palace fell through before he joined Gillingham in 2010.
n His time in Kuwait with Al-Salmyiah came to an acrimonious end when Aborah became involved in a contract wrangle. That kept the midfielder from playing for a year before he joined Notts County.
n Aborah was born in Kumasi, Ghana, but has held Belgian nationality since he was 10 and picked up international honours for his country at youth level.
Image copyright SIV Image caption The deal between the Steelers and FlyDSA Arena will give the team long-term stability, officials said
Ice hockey team Sheffield Steelers have signed a new five-year deal which will see them remain at their current home until at least 2023.
The deal with the FlyDSA Arena, previously known as Sheffield Arena, is a move away from previous short-term contracts, the club said.
Steelers owner Tony Smith said it would give the team long-term stability.
As part of the deal, there are plans to replace the ageing refrigeration system and open a shop to sell merchandise.
It is also hoped the move will help attract other major hockey events to the arena, which is operated by Sheffield International Venues - a trust whose purpose is to provide sport and leisure facilities.
If you believe that the Rangers “earned” the point they wound up with in Monday's 2-1 shootout defeat to the Stars at the Garden, then your definition of the term is far more generous than just about anyone else's.
And that includes Alain Vigneault, the coach of the team who presided over the shortest postgame press briefing of his five-year tenure on Broadway. Indeed, it was almost Tortorella-esque, minus the invective.
“There were two positives,” he said following the match in which Ondrej Pavelec stole the show with a brilliant 44-save performance that answered the question whether the Rangers should be confident with their backup. “Pavs played unreal and because of his performance we were able to get a point. Other than that, we weren't good. I think I summed it up pretty good there.
“Thanks, guys.”
It was an abomination, that's what it was for the Blueshirts, outshot 16-5 through the first period, 33-10 through the second, 41-19 through regulation and 45-25 overall. Those numbers were almost flattering compared to the five-on-five shot-attempt stats that were 34-12 (against) through one, 55-20 through two and 75-35 total.
“We couldn't get anything in synch. We couldn't get out. We were pinned in for shifts at a time just about the whole first period and a lot of the second,” Ryan McDonagh, who suffered through a dreadful night, told The Post. “We chipped it and couldn't get it deep. Guys were caught on and couldn't change.
“It's definitely not the [first] 40 minutes we envisioned.”
McDonagh hasn't been himself for weeks. His decision-making has been way off. His hands have betrayed him. He hasn't been able to use his speed to carry the puck and beat the forecheck. His Corsi for this one was a shocking 19.64 percent (11 for 45). His relative rating was a minus 24.80, which means the club's shot-attempt numbers were 24.8 percent better when he was not on the ice.
When the team's best player suffers this way, the Rangers are in big trouble. That's a trickle-down effect that isn't some voodoo theory but rather can be verified. The team's play in the defensive zone has far too often been negligent to the extreme.
The Rangers have allowed 40 or more shots in three of their last four games. Before this season, the Blueshirts had not allowed 40 or more in consecutive games since Oct. 25-27, 2001, a span of 16 years. They have achieved that dubious feat twice this season, first in the middle of November against Chicago and Columbus and then last week against Pittsburgh and Washington.
The Blueshirts appeared inert from the drop of the puck, which they rarely possessed through the first 40 minutes and almost never without duress. When the Rangers did manage to have the puck, they passed it like Eli Manning and received it like Odell Beckham Jr. in that playoff game in Green Bay last year.
The Stars, who had dropped three straight, came in waves. And if the Rangers seemed to have no idea what (or who) was coming, there's a reason for that, according to Chris Kreider.
“It wasn't what they did, it was what we weren't doing. There was no communication, no talking,” the winger told The Post. “When you're playing a team that's as fast and aggressive as they were, you have to talk. Whether it's the forwards or the defensemen, you've got to let your teammates know what's coming.
“You can only feel so much. When we're not talking and helping each other out, this is what happens.”
see also Mika Zibanejad admits he shouldn't have been playing Concussions can be tricky things, but Mika Zibanejad still thinks...
Kreider said the issue has applied intermittently. He cited the second game of the season in Toronto, in which the Maple Leafs scored five first-period goals as an example of the problem. The winger also said that he thought the Rangers had been “stubborn” at the other end of the ice, as well.
“They get the puck to the net all night and we get stubborn and don't do it,” said No. 20. “East-west isn't going to make it unless there's a tap-in for a goal, and [in this game], you had to get it through three guys to make that play. But that's what we were trying.
“It's not that we weren't ready to play. We were. There was plenty of jumps. But you have to execute, and one-half of executing knows what's going on around you, whether there's a guy on your back, where to go with the puck.”
McDonagh agreed that on-ice communication is critical.
“The game is so fast, they're on you so quick, that you do have to talk,” the captain said. “But what bothered me the most is that we weren't playing as hard, we didn't want the puck as badly.
“That's what stands out more than anything to me.”
The point being — or the point aside — it was a Bad Night on Broadway.
'Trolls' is bringing Simon and Garfunkel to a new generation Most boomers know (and love) “The Sound of Silence” as the melancholic folk-rock anthem that popped up no fewer than three times in Mike Nichols' “The Graduate.” But a new...
Art Garfunkel still bitter Paul Simon broke up the band “It was very strange. Nothing I would have done,” Garfunkel said of the band's breakup, which came shortly after they released their iconic “Bridge over Troubled Waters.”
Theresa Galvan with the Navajo Division of Behavioral and Mental Health Services points to routes of an upcoming commemorative run before the start of a news conference in Albuquerque, N.M., on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The Navajo Nation has scheduled a series of events this year to commemorate the signing of a treaty in 1868 that cleared the way for tribal members to return to their homeland in the American Southwest. Tribal officials say the commemoration will help to tell a story of perseverance from the Navajo perspective. Susan Montoya Bryan AP Photo
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Warrington Wolves just held off a strong challenge from Huddersfield Giants today at the Halliwell Jones Stadium, winning 26-24 thanks to Giants goalkicker Danny Brough being unable to convert a late try in the corner by Jermaine McGillvary.
Harvey Livett, in at centre for the absent Ryan Atkins, scored for the Wolves after three minutes, but the Giants replied almost immediately when Darnell McIntosh touched down. Both conversions were missed.
Warrington took the lead for a second time when Daryl Clark touched down on 12 minutes after some fine interplay with Kurt Gidley with Declan Patton converting for a six-point lead.
The Giants replied again, however, when Jake Mamo supported a Sam Wood break to touch down on 17 minutes, with Danny Brough adding the conversion this time. And Brough gave the Giants the lead for the first time with a penalty when a Giants player was tackled off the ball.
But the Wolves snatched the lead back before half-time with a Gidley try, goaled by Patton, to make it 16-12 at the break.
The Giants were back in front on 46 minutes, however, when Brough dived over from dummy-half and converted his own try moments after he had kicked a superb 40-20. And he added a penalty on 60 minutes when Chris Hill was caught offside for Warrington.
The Wolves then pulled level with a try to Rhys Evans that was unconverted, with the score standing at 20-20 with 15 minutes remaining.
Four minutes later they were ahead when Toby King touched down a Patton kick and Patton added the goal.
But in a frantic finish the Giants scored in the corner following a scrum when Jermaine McGillvary touched down, but Brough was unable to claim a draw with his attempted conversion from the touchline.
Warrington: 1 Stefan Ratchford, 3 Rhys Evans, 20 Toby King, 28 Harvey Livett, 2 Tom Lineham, 22 Declan Patton, 7 Kurt Gidley, 8 Chris Hill, 9 Daryl Clark, 10 Ashton Sims, 24 Bernard Julien, 12 Jack Hughes, 14 Mike Cooper; Subs: 18 Andre Savelio, 15 Brad Dwyer, 16 George King, 23 Joe Philbin
Tries: Livett, Clark, Gidley, Evans, Toby King; G – Patton 3
Huddersfield: 1 Jake Mamo, 2 Jermaine McGillvary, 23 Sam Wood, 5 Aaron Murphy, 24 Darnell McIntosh, 6 Danny Brough, 4 Lee Gaskell, 15 Sebastine Ikahihifo, 9 Ryan Hinchcliffe, 10 Shannon Wakeman, 30 Alex Mellor, 16 Oliver Roberts, 18 Paul Clough; Subs: 8 Sam Rapira, 14 Kruise Leeming, 19 Nathan Mason, 22 Tyler Dickinson
Tries: McIntosh, Mamo, Brough, McGillvary; Goals: Brough 4
More details from this game will feature in next Monday's League Express
Image copyright PA Image caption Paris Valeta Bregazzi appeared at the Old Bailey on 20 February and was spared jail
A woman has been jailed for attacking a constable weeks after being spared prison for pushing another police officer on to Tube tracks.
Paris Bregazzi, 30, previously admitted shoving PC Sam Chegwin at Hangar Lane station.
But she ended up in the dock again accused of kneeing PC Florina Russ in the chest and spraying perfume at a Waterloo security guard.
She was jailed "for public protection", Judge Rebecca Poulet said.
On 20 February, Bregazzi appeared at the Old Bailey over the Hangar Lane attack and was handed a six-month jail term suspended for two years.
The court heard that last July Bregazzi had drunk four bottles of Prosecco and was arguing with a friend on the platform when PC Chegwin intervened.
'Not in a good mood'
She returned to the Old Bailey on Tuesday to be sentenced for her latest offences.
The court was told that on 5 March Bregazzi was seen on Stockwell Road, south London, acting "aggressively" towards two elderly ladies at a bus stop and throwing wheelie bins in the street.
Bregazzi threw a brick into the road, smashing the window of a parked Ford Fiesta, before walking in front of a bus which swerved to avoid her, the court heard.
She went on to knee arresting officer PC Florina Russ in the chest before being restrained, the Old Bailey was told.
In an interview she explained she was "not in a good mood".
Five days later Bregazzi, who was on bail, sprayed Paco Rabanne perfume at security officer Rashpal Mudahar at Waterloo Station, the court heard.
She went on to cause damage to a cell at Brixton police station by throwing food at the walls, covering them in tomato ketchup.
Crystal meth was found stuffed inside her bra, but she was not charged over it, the court heard.
'Damaged individual'
Bregazzi admitted assault and criminal damage and was brought from custody at Thameside men's jail to be sentenced.
The defendant was also dealt with for breaching her suspended sentence.
Mitigating, James Kelly described her as a "very damaged individual who is in emotional pain" and has a "problem with people in uniform".
He said transitioning from one sex to another was "difficult enough" without having to deal with others' attitudes.
Mr Kelly told the court that Bregazzi, who has 64 previous convictions, was due to be transferred to Belmarsh Prison.
Judge Poulet activated the suspended sentence and added four more months in prison for the assaults.
The defendant was also given eight weeks for criminal damage to run concurrently.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The number 314 is getting a bit less mystical and a lot more promotional. On National Pi Day (3/14), everyone from pizza parlors and bakeries to clothiers and electronic stores is seizing the opportunity to lure consumers, and take the number "314" to new discount heights — or lows, if you want to get mathematical about it.
“A lot of retailers, especially in the food category, love to jump on National Pi Day by offering punny promotions," said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert for RetailMeNot. "[Many retailers] are celebrating Pi Day with deals on the cheesiest type of pie: pizza. To score an even bigger saving at Papa John's, make sure to purchase a discounted gift card. Right now you can buy a $25 gift card for $21.88 at RetailMeNot.com. Combine that with the Pi Day deal to stack the savings on your order.”
A Pi Day pie at Biddeford High School in Biddeford, Maine on March 13, 2015. Whitney Hayward / Press Herald via Getty Images
Other restaurants that have announced their participation include Blaze Pizza, which is hosting a pop-up pizza party with $3.14 build-your-own pizzas with unlimited toppings all day at many of it 240 locations. BJ's Restaurants, with 195 locations, is offering a mini one-topping pizza for $3.14 (the cost is normally $11.50 before tax, a spokesperson for the brand confirmed).
Pi Pizzeria, based in St. Louis and D.C., is living up to its name by offering all-day happy hour at its full service locations for $3.14, a BOGO special (buy one large pizza and get a second for $3.14), as well as a free large pizza for all "Pi babies," aka, people who are born on March 14. You can also get a free 4 Hands Pi pint glass with any full-price draft beer purchase, and enter a contest for a $100 Pi gift card at limited locales.
Your Pie is selling pizzas, pints of craft beer, and combos — each for $3.14. The company is also hosting Free Pizza For A Year prizes and other swag to fans who participate in the brand's social media #YourPieDay campaign, plus giving $500 to the store that gets the most #YourPieDay participation.
Meanwhile, Papa Murphy's Take N' Bake Pizza is touting a large thin one-topping pizza for $3.14 for online orders, and if you sign up for a coupon at Villa Italian Kitchen, you can get a Whole Cheese Neapolitan pie for $3.14. Over at Godfather's Pizza, get $4 off a jumbo pie, $3 off a large, $2 off a medium and $1 off a small, while Hungry Howie's is selling medium one-topping pizzas for $3.14 with the purchase of its Howie Bread. At Urban Bricks Pizza dine-in pizzas are priced at — you guessed it — $3.14.
The most extravagant and unique offering in this category comes from &pizza, which, as reported by the Baltimore Sun will host a number of weddings at its Baltimore, D.C., New York, and Philadelphia locations on Pi Day.
All in all, this is quite a lot of action for pizza shops, which is impressive because as Tom La Vecchia, founder of the digital marketing firm X Factor Media, points out, National Pizza Day was just last month, and most of these retailers were whipping up piping hot deals for that "holiday," too. It goes to show that the day is worth savoring, marketing-wise.
"These fun freebie days and deals continue to pick up steam with retailers, and it's likely that they will continue since it's a fun way for retailers to get customers into their businesses," said Courtney Jespersen, consumer savings expert at NerdWallet. "And with social media, consumers love tagging their deals, too."
Dessert pies count (to 314), too
Bakeries are also plugging the pi(e) factor this Wednesday. At Whole Foods, snag $3.14 off large bakery pie, and at Marie Callender's, download a coupon to nab a free slice of pie with your adult entree. At Bojangles', buy three sweet potato pies for $3.14. The company is also inviting patrons to check its Twitter for Pi-themed math questions created by teachers. If you answer a question correctly, you'll be entered into a drawing to win Bojangles' gift cards and other merch.
If you're craving a more savory treat that happens to be round and baked, consider downloading Boston Market's BOGO coupon that will get you a free Rotisserie Chicken Pot Pie with the purchase of another pot pie and a beverage.
Quirky brands are brainstorming fun specials
"There's a natural link between pies and Pi Day, and that's always been the biggest promotional opportunity," Dr. Beth Vallen, associate professor at Villanova School of Business, told NBC News. "But the more interesting [opportunity] is for the businesses centered around brainy endeavors. They can use the day to run promotion that is really on brand."
ThinkGeek is back with its national Pi Day offering. Spend $50 at you'll get a free Sir Cumference Pi Day t-shirt by using the code “Roundtable” at checkout. The tee normally retails for $19.99. The online site also has tons of items on sale for the brainy holiday. Newegg is also making an on-brand statement with the holiday, hosting the Newegg Pi Day sale that features discounts on processors, bundles, expansion boards, etcetera. Meanwhile, Wolfram is inviting buyers to save as much as 20 percent on mathematical programs and other educational materials.
Even brands that have never associated themselves with the holiday may also take action this year, as is men's consignment shop app Swaggle.
"On Pi Day, we plan to roll out a Swaggle Pi Day campaign," said Eric Niu, cofounder and CEO of Swaggle. "Customers will get a 31.4 percent discount when they buy $31.41 worth or more items on Swaggle. Our average cart size is $80, so that [would be] a $25 saving special. This is our first time launching the Pi Day campaign and we are super excited. We plan to launch the campaign via social media influencers and our email subscription lists."
Expect last minute deals around lunchtime
Experts expect retailers to roll out last minute deals on Pi Day. NerdWallet's Jespersen recommends scrolling through social media and checking your email inbox and, "if you're really hungry for a deal, do a Google search for 'Pi Day deals,' and you'll be certain to find plenty in your area and from national retailers. In some cases, be ready to grab a coupon to bring along with you."
Vallen of Villanova adds that some quick-serve establishments may not even start advertising Pi Day deals until as late as midday on Wednesday. “I have a hunch that we'll see more [campaigns] from fast food chains around lunch time because people may not know where they'll go. I can see this being effective in helping them make a decision.”
Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, and relief pitcher Kenley Jansen celebrate after the Dodgers defeated the Cleveland Indians 6-4 in a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
He may be a junior world champion, but Newmarket's Callum Wilkinson learned some vital lessons on his senior World Championship debut after finishing 41st in the 20km race walk on Sunday.
Aged just 19, Wilkinson won the World Junior 10km race walk last year, but found the step up in distance and age group difficult to live with on the circuit race up and down London's iconic Mall.
Wilkinson eventually came home in a time of 1:23:54, more than a minute-and-a-half shy of his personal best, set earlier this year.
Having targeted a top 20 finish in London, the fearless 20-year-old is simply using this disappointment as fuel for his future ambitions - with next year's Commonwealth Games, on Australia's Gold Coast, his next big target.
“It was really tough out there today,” he said. “Not quite the performance I had hoped for, I was in a lot better shape than that.
“But it was an amazing experience for me. I'm 20 and to be able to be out there in a home championship in front of one of the biggest crowds we've ever had for a race walk, was great.
“My plan was to get stuck in right from the off and try and hide away in the front pack and just get pulled along.
“But it was a world class race from the very start, so by 8km I was really starting to feel it and these guys were pulling away from me and it shows that to have a medal chance you've got to be something special.
“I struggled through the second half but it's a massive thank you to everyone out on the course today who really pulled me through.
“I think 20th place was 1:20:00, and that was my target, but it didn't happen.”
Elsewhere on The Mall, fellow East Anglia athlete Dominic King, of Colchester Harriers, was disqualified for three ‘bent knee' red cards, when on course for a personal best.
After finishing 51st at London 2012, King was disqualified for the same reason at Rio 2016, and lightning struck twice on The Mall as he was forced to withdraw before the halfway point.
“I did well to get here but I didn't want to come here and just walk round at the back,” he said.
“I was pleased I was inside my personal best pace. I am just disappointed that the judges didn't think the technique was up to scratch, which is fair enough.
“I am honoured to where the GB vest and I am really proud of my achievements but I have ambitions to do even better, which is why I am disappointed with today.”
* You can help the next generation of young British athletes by getting involved in SportsAid Week this September with London 2012 hero Greg Rutherford MBE. Find out more about how you can support the week of fun and fundraising by visiting www.sportsaid.org.uk/sportsaidweek
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three other people were wounded Wednesday morning when a gunman opened fire on members of the Republican congressional baseball team as they were practicing on a field in Alexandria, Virginia.
The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, was shot by police and later died of his wounds.
Scalise, 51, who represents Louisiana and is the third-ranking Republican in the House, was standing at second base when the shooting erupted, witnesses said. He was hit in the left hip but managed to drag himself into the outfield and was rushed back across the Potomac River to a Washington, D.C., hospital.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Moment Gunfire Erupted at GOP Baseball Practice 5:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Scalise was in critical condition and was described as stable after emergency surgery, a spokesman for MedStar Washington Hospital Center said.
"Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," Scalise's office said in a statement. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues."
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown told reporters that local officers arrived within three minutes and immediately engaged the gunman.
"Quite frankly, it was not only chaotic. It was a combat situation," Brown said.
Among the latest details in the attack:
Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, was also taken to the hospital, where he died. A motive remained unclear. Law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation told NBC News that there was no indication of ties to international terrorism.
The FBI said that nobody else was in custody and that no other suspects were being sought.
Witnesses described a "firefight" between the suspect and police. The others wounded besides Scalise: a Capitol Police officer, a congressional staffer and a lobbyist. None were believed to have suffered life-threatening wounds.
Another Capitol Police officer suffered an ankle injury. Earlier, it was believed that the officer had also been shot.
The FBI said "a second congressman" sustained minor injuries during the incident "and was also transported by a medic unit." It didn't identify the lawmaker, who NBC News later confirmed was Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas, who suffered a sprained ankle.
Scalise was expected to recover. His high-ranking role typically affords him a Capitol Police security detail.
Speaking at the White House, President Donald Trump, who announced that Hodgkinson died, lauded Capitol Police and first responders.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Suspected Congressional Shooter Made Anti-Trump Statements 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault," he said. It was later clarified that only one of the Capitol Police officers had been shot.
Trump said Scalise is a "patriot and he's a fighter."
"He will recover from this assault," Trump said. "And Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world."
Witnesses told investigators that when the gunman arrived at the ball field, he asked people: "Are these the Republicans or the Democrats?"
Timothy Slater, head of the Criminal Division of the FBI's Washington field office, told reporters late Wednesday afternoon that the suspect's motives remained under investigation. He had no comment when asked whether the gunman had "a vendetta against Republicans."
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-Louisiana, speaks in Washington in 2016. Allison Shelley / Getty Images file
An emotional Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said that what happened at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park was "unconscionable," calling it a symptom of how today's poisoned and polarized politics.
"He was doing it simply because he didn't like the political climate and chose to start shooting at a bunch of congressmen who today happened to be Republicans," said Barton, who was at the park with his sons, Jack and Brad, when the shooting happened.
"That's not America," he said.
Barton said that the group was lucky that Scalise was there with his Capitol Police security detail and that they were able to prevent the shooter from getting on the field.
"Had he got past the fence, it would have been a bloodbath," Barton said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Spite of Violence, The Congressional Baseball Game Will Go On 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Slater said Hodgkinson was believed to have been in the area since March, jobless and living out of his vehicle. He said investigators had no idea why the gunman chose "today at all, or this place."
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, said the shooting started about an hour after about 20 Republican lawmakers arrived at the field for what started out as a typical practice. He said he was standing by the batting cage when Scalise was shot.
"There was a rapid succession of shots, you know, five or 10 shots," Paul said. "In the field, I see Representative Scalise is shot but moving, and he's trying to drag himself through the dirt and out into the outfield."
"I probably heard 50 to 60 shots," Paul added. "Then, finally, we heard the response from the Capitol Hill police."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rand Paul: Capitol Police Officers Are Reason We Survived the Shooting 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Speaking on the House floor, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, confirmed the officers' identities as Krystal Griner and David Bailey. "We are, as ever, awed by the tremendous bravery of the Capitol Police," he said.
"An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," Ryan said.
Related: Gabby Giffords Says Her 'Heart' Is With Scalise, Other Victims
The office of Williams, the Texas Republican, said that he wasn't wounded but that a member of his staff — identified as legislative correspondent Zack Barth — was shot and taken to the hospital.
A family friend told NBC News that Barth was treated for a gunshot wound to his calf and was released. The friend added that Barth said the gunman pointed his weapon straight at him.
In addition, Tyson Foods said employee Matt Mika, a director of government relations in the company's D.C. office and a former congressional staffer, was shot and taken to the hospital. His condition wasn't immediately known.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman: Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Democrats or Republicans 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The shooting began shortly after 7 a.m., said Brown, the Alexandria police chief. Three minutes after the first 911 call, Alexandria police arrived and began trading shots with the gunman, he said.
Related: Which Lawmakers Were Attending Baseball Practice Where Scalise Was Shot?
When it was over, police recovered the suspect's rifle and handgun, according to the FBI and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Investigators were tracing the ownership and purchase history of the two firearms, said Slater of the FBI.
James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, protests outside the U.S. Post Office in Belleville on April 17, 2012. Derik Holtmann / AP
Photos: Gunman Opens Fire at Republican Baseball Practice
Members of Congress from both parties have been using the field each morning in Alexandria's Del Ray neighborhood — about seven miles from Washington — in preparation for an annual bipartisan charity game scheduled for Thursday.
The Democrats had practiced earlier in the morning. Thursday's game was supposed to honor the victims of recent terrorist attacks in London and Manchester, England.
NBC News
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who plays center field on the Republican baseball team, said he was standing along the first-base line when gunfire erupted. He took cover in the dugout, where he helped the congressional staffer who had been shot near center field. He estimated that at least 50 shots were fired.
The shooter "could have fired into the dugout," Flake told MSNBC. "We had somebody yell after about 10 minutes, 'Shooter's down!' And so I sprinted out to Steve and put pressure on the wound."
Flake said he used part of a jersey to suppress the bleeding.
"He was coherent. He was asking for water," Flake said of his colleague. "He was bleeding quite a bit."
Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio, a doctor who was at the practice, also helped treat the victims, Flake said. Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama used his belt as a tourniquet on one of the victim's legs, he added.
Several other lawmakers at the scene, including Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico, tweeted that they were safe.
I was present at this mornings GOP baseball practice, but am alright. Prayers for Congressman Scalise & aides that were involved. — Steve Pearce (@RepStevePearce) June 14, 2017
Residents told NBC News that children were walking to a school about a block away from the park, which includes a soccer field and a dog run and is next to a YMCA, when the volley of gunfire rang out.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Capitol Police Prevented Shooting From Being Far Worse 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stuart Claggett, who was walking his dog, said he heard the shots go off "like fireworks."
"They were fairly loud, but it wasn't like a machine gun. It stopped for a tiny amount of time," Claggett said.
He added that "some people might know that's where [members of Congress] play" baseball.
Leonard Crook said he was working out on the main floor of the YMCA, about 50 yards from the field, when a woman frantically began banging on the door, trying to get in.
"Some bullets hit the Y, so we went into the basement, and everyone stayed there until everything blew over. We were locked down in the Y and not allowed to go anywhere," Crook said.
Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, right, hugs another member of the Republican congressional baseball team after a shooting Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia. Shawn Thew / EPA
Trump released a statement after being briefed on the shooting and canceled his planned remarks at the Labor Department later Wednesday.
The Capitol Police said that "out of an abundance of caution," they "deployed a robust police presence throughout the Capitol Complex," although all buildings remained open.
Alex Moe, Hallie Jackson and Pete Williams reported from Washington. Corky Siemaszko, Erik Ortiz, Tom Winter, Jonathan Dienst and Ariana Brockington reported from New York. Andrew Blankstein and Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles.
Last Tuesday evening, after President Trump left Puerto Rico, my brother called. “This is horrible. What are you hearing in the states?” he said. Because he is dealing with the aftermath of Hurricane Maria's, his tone worried me.
My brother, however, was not referring to the hurricane but to a statement Trump made during his visit to Puerto Rico that day: "I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack.” The words suggested abandonment.
This is not the typical statement presidents make when visiting disaster victims, but then again there is nothing typical about Trump. Not a week had passed since Hurricane Maria demolished Puerto Rico when he tweeted about the U.S. territory's debt, saying that Texas and Florida were doing great but Puerto Rico was in "deep trouble." He tweeted about Puerto Rico's old electrical grid which was in "terrible shape" and the billions it owes Wall Street.
And on the same evening my brother called, Trump appeared on Hannity stating that Puerto Rico's debt would have to be waived, not really knowing what this entails.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Life After Maria: 'Living This is Something That I Don't Wish on Anybody' 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
First, the PROMESA law enacted by Congress last year already sets a legal process to restructure and reduce Puerto Rico's $74 billion debt. Second, Congress is more likely to cut Puerto Rico a break by providing financial assistance than by assuming its debt.
It is clear from Trump's comments during this devastating humanitarian crisis that money is the main thing on his mind. It is also clear that Trump wants to walk away from his Puerto Rico problem in the same way he walked away from his bankrupt casinos. Except he can't.
If the United States walks away from Puerto Rico the Island will be depopulated. If Puerto Rico's infrastructure is not restored and its commercial and industrial base not reestablished, if its small business owners are not supported and its health care is not accessible, Puerto Ricans will stampede out of the Island and join the almost half a million who left before them because of the fiscal crisis.
With its tax base eroded the Puerto Rican government will be permanently crippled and unable to service its remaining population, let alone the debt.
RELATED: 'A Nightmare': Recovery Stifled for Puerto Ricans in Hard-Hit Towns
Once Puerto Ricans arrive they will begin to use federal, state and local government programs that are often more costly to provide in the United States than on the Island. For instance, the federal government spends about $5,790 less in Medicaid and $3,492 less in Medicare per person in Puerto Rico than on the mainland.
Politically speaking, not investing in Puerto Rico could hurt the GOP. New Puerto Rican arrivals could turn states like Florida blue, as they will never forget that the head of the Republican Party turned his back on them.
So it appears that Trump cannot walk away from this particular deal without making matters worse.
Mayda Melendez, a family medical practitioner from Delaware embraces resident Maria Diaz at the Petroamerica Pagan de Colon assisted living facility in San Juan, Puerto Rico on Oct. 1, 2017. The San Juan Medical Relief Team assist vulnerable elderly at Petroamerica Pagan de Colon assisted living facility. The team includes mostly medical volunteers born in Puerto Rico that now live in the U.S. Frail elderly are particularly vulnerable to sweltering heat from lack of power, lack of medications, water and other shortages after Hurricane Maria ravaged the island. Carol Guzy / for NBC News
The smartest to thing for Trump to do is to tackle the Puerto Rico problem before it grows out of control.
There are some immediate measures he can take.
First, he should ensure that Puerto Rico has the military and civilian personnel and the assets needed to restore transportation, telecommunications and electricity; to ensure relief supplies are delivered; and, to preserve law and order.
Second, he should waive funding caps, eliminate local match requirements, and give Puerto Rico greater access to federal assistance programs in FEMA and Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Housing and Urban Development, Labor, Transportation and others.
Third, he should extend the Jones Act waiver for Puerto Rico beyond the 10 days approved initially. The Jones Act requires that only vessels built, owned and operated by Americans be used between U.S. ports. By allowing foreign vessels to deliver goods Puerto Rico will have greater access to fuel, food, medicines, clothing, and building supplies. Since U.S. vessels are more expensive, the waiver will also lower the cost of imported goods needed for recovery and reconstruction.
Hurricane Maria was a hurricane like no one has ever seen. In terms of overall intensity, Hurricane Maria is the 6th hurricane in a ranking of more than 13,000 cyclone events around the world since 1950.
RELATED: Puerto Rico's Hospitals Still in Triage Mode, 2 Weeks After Maria
Hurricane Maria could lower Puerto Rican incomes by 21 percent over the next 15 years, which represents a $180 billion loss in economic output.
Unlike hurricane-ravaged states, Puerto Rico does not have the resources to rebuild after FEMA pulls out. Preliminary estimates place storm damage north of $90 billion.
Water flows from PVC pipes that capture spring water and provide a makeshift water station for Utuado residents who have been without water since Hurricane Maria hit in Puerto Rico on Oct. 5, 2017. Suzanne Gamboa / NBC News
Therefore, Congress must appropriate funds specifically earmarked for Puerto Rico's disaster relief and reconstruction. This needs to include access to emergency liquidity programs because the Puerto Rican government expects to run out of cash in three to four weeks.
When the U.S. Department of Treasury officials warned back in 2015 that Puerto Rico's fiscal problems could turn into a humanitarian crisis they were accused of exaggerating the situation. People could not see the crisis because the crisis was developing in slow motion.
For us Puerto Ricans it was clear. We all knew people who had left the Island looking for better jobs. Parents, like my brother, sent their children to college in the states no longer expecting them to return. Businesses closed and houses were shuttered. There was less traffic in San Juan.
All Hurricane Maria did was to speed up and intensify the humanitarian crisis for the whole world to see. There is still time to reverse its course but only if we take action now.
The defense, however, has called Constand a “con artist” and has painted her as someone who latched onto Cosby in the hopes of achieving fame and fortune. When she didn't get what she wanted, she made false allegations to extort Cosby, the defense team alleges.
While there have been dozens of sexual misconduct allegations against Cosby, the Constand case is the only complaint that has resulted in criminal charges. Cosby has repeatedly denied these and all other allegations of sexual misconduct.
He has denied allegations ranging from groping to sexual assault to rape, with many of the accusers claiming the superstar comedian drugged them.
Cosby's first trial last year ended in a deadlocked jury, so his retrial has become the first big celebrity court case since the #MeToo movement exposed scores of men in the media, entertainment and business worlds as sexual harassers. In the first trial, the jury deliberated for 52 hours and failed to reach a verdict.
Cosby has declined to testify on his own behalf at both trials.
Constand testified that she was left “humiliated, in shock and confused” by the alleged assault.
“I was very scared,” she said. “He was a Temple [University] trustee, a powerful man, an entertainer, a very famous person,” she said.
During the retrial, Constand confirmed that she had received a previously undisclosed $3,380,000 million civil settlement from Cosby in 2006, which is admissible as evidence in the criminal trial.
Cosby accusers Chelan Lasha, Heidi Thomas, Janice Baker-Kinney, Lise-Lotte Lublin, and former supermodel Janice Dickinson have also taken the stand against the comedian in emotional testimony. Lasha bursted into tears multiple times while on the stand and Dickinson said that, after Cosby drugged her, she woke up with “America's Dad on top of me.”
A total of 25 witnesses between both sides have been called. The defense team asked for a mistrial several times, because of witness outbursts on the stand, but was denied by the judge each time.
If convicted, each count Cosby faces carries a maximum sentence of 10 years and an up to $25,000 fine.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW YORK (AP) – Protesters and heavy security are ready to greet President Donald Trump as he returns to his New York City home for the first time since his inauguration.
More than 1,000 demonstrators were in pens police erected across the street from Trump Tower by early Monday evening, hours before his expected arrival.
An inflatable caricature of Trump is rising above pedestrians on a nearby block.
Police have stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around the skyscraper and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
Among the protesters is the Rev. Jan Powell, a retired United Church of Christ minister. She says she's bothered by the Republican president's response to the white supremacist rally that descended into violence Saturday in Virginia.
Trump initially blamed “many sides” for the violence. He now says “racism is evil.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Get the Mach newsletter.
It's one thing to look for life elsewhere in the universe. But why stop there? What about life in all those parallel universes that theoretical physicists like to talk about? A recent paper in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society suggests that some of that real estate might be home to aliens who aren't just out of this world — they're out of this cosmos.
The idea that other universes might exist arises from the realization that the Big Bang might not have been a unique event but a common one. How common? Stanford University physicists Andrei Linde and Vitaly Vanchurin have estimated that the number of unique parallel universes — ones that are independent of the cosmos you know and adore — could be written as a one followed by 10 thousand trillion zeroes. That's not a number that has a name, and certainly not one you will ever encounter in the real world. I figure it would require 10 billion notebooks just to write this number down.
So, to paraphrase Jodie Foster's character in the movie "Contact," if our cosmos is the only one with life, then that's an awful waste of universes.
But despite their possible plentitude, not all those parallel universes are likely to be blessed with biology. As many scientists have pointed out, our universe — known by the catchy name “the universe” — seems pretty special. Its physical properties are remarkably suitable for the existence of life. If the forces that hold atoms together were even a bit different, the atomic reactions that power the stars wouldn't work, and our cosmos would consist of nothing but hydrogen. Tweak those constants another way, and stars would burn themselves out so quickly that there would have been no time for the evolution of microbes, dinosaurs, or you. If the strength of gravity were just slightly altered, our universe would have either expanded too rapidly after the Big Bang for stars and galaxies to form — or would have collapsed in a Big Crunch.
These are just a few examples of coincidences that have made our universe so suitable for your existence.
The research presented in the new paper, conducted by scientists in Britain, Australia and Holland, has to do with one of the all-pervasive parameters of our cosmos — the strength of dark energy. Discovered only 20 years ago, dark energy is a mysterious force that causes our universe to expand more quickly as time goes on. Curiously, some physicists believe that the amount of dark energy in our cosmos is on the low side, and that other parallel universes might have much more. If so, they would be expanding so quickly that gas might never collapse to produce stars and planets.
It sounds as if having just the right amount of dark energy is crucial for making universes that could beget life. But that doesn't seem to be the case. Using computer models, the research team found they could vary the strength of dark energy from zero to several hundred times its value in our universe, and everything remained copacetic. Dark energy didn't need to be any particular strength for galaxies and stars to form.
So that's one less worry for those hoping for cosmic company. Dark energy doesn't seem to matter much. But if the nuclear or gravitational forces are quite different, those other universes might be as sterile as seedless grapes. In other words, we still don't know if many universes will be hospitable to life, or very few.
Of course, even the existence of parallel universes is unproven. But scientists like the idea that they do exist because it provides a naturalistic explanation for why the physical constants in our own universe have the life-friendly values they do. You see, if there are bazillions of universes, then — just by the luck of the draw — some will have the right properties for life. No miracle involved. Clearly, we're in one of those Goldilocks universes, for otherwise we wouldn't even be asking this question.
In other words, we and all our biological brethren live in a cosmos that won the lottery. You, me, and all the other flora and fauna of the universe should be grateful.
Dr. Seth Shostak is senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, California and the host of the “Big Picture Science” podcast.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
When the UC3 Nautilus was first launched in 2008, it was touted as the world's largest privately built submarine. It's had some trouble along the way but was back in action this year. On Friday, however, it sunk off the coast of Denmark and authorities are concerned about a missing woman who had allegedly been on board the vessel reporting a story for Wired.
The Associated Press reported early this morning that Peter Madsen, the owner of the vessel and co-founder of Copenhagen Suborbitals, was returned to shore by a private boat after a technical malfunction sank the sub. “I am fine, but sad because Nautilus went down,” Madsen told Denmark's TV2, “a minor problem with a ballast tank... turned into a major issue.”
Further details are sketchy. According to the Associated Press report, “The navy initially said the sub was ‘found sailing' south of Copenhagen,” but later corrected themselves and confirmed that it had sunk. Soon thereafter, Copenhagen police confirmed that an unidentified woman had been reported missing and her boyfriend told authorities that she had been on the submarine doing a story for Wired. The boyfriend is said to be the one who first alerted police that the submarine was missing when it didn't return on time.
According to Swedish outlet Berlingske, a spokesperson for the Danish police said that Madsen claims he dropped the woman off in Copenhagen the previous night. “We know she was aboard the submarine last night, but we do not know if she was aboard the boat when she disappeared.” the spokesperson said. “All I can say is that the woman's relatives reported her missing this night.” Police are now reporting that the submarine was found by divers but will need to be hauled to shore before they can enter. It was found on the seabed in Koge Bay, seven metres below the surface.
“It took about 30 seconds for Nautilus to sink, and I couldn't close any hatches or anything,” Madsen told reporters. Co-founder of the DIY rocket ship group Copenhagen Suborbitals, Madsen is a eccentric renaissance man who helped build the UC3 Nautilus with a group of volunteers over the course of three years. It was launched in May of 2008 and performed relatively smoothly for several years before being grounded in 2011. Repairs and maintainance were needed and following a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo, it relaunched in April this year.
Copenhagen Suborbitals is a group of amateur rocket enthusiasts that supports itself through crowdfunding and has around 55 volunteers. The collective hopes to one day fly a volunteer on one of its rockets but flight tests have, so far, failed. The Nautilus was another project for the group and was a bigger success. In 2014, Madsen left the group to focus on other projects, one of which being the UC3 Nautilus.
The UC3 Nautilus submarine association was formed in order to separate ownership of the sub from Copenhagen Suborbitals. But within a year, Madsen was feuding with the board of that organisation over whom the proper owner of Nautilus really was. A statement on the association's website claims that board members received a text message from Madsen that read in part, “You may think that a curse is lying on Nautilus. That curse is me.” After several rounds of negotiation, the board decided to cede ownership of the vessel to Madsen.
A press release from Copenhagen police states that Madsen has now been arrested and charged with “killing” the Swedish woman. Madsen denies the charges and claims he dropped the still unidentified woman off in Copenhagen on Thursday night around 11:30pm local time. Police are seeking any witnesses who may have seen the woman after 4pm on Thursday.
Police say that the submarine was found by divers but will need to be hauled to shore before they can enter. It was found on the seabed in Koge Bay, seven meters below the surface.
The police description of the missing woman reads:
160 cm tall, 56 kg, 30 years, faint of building, reddish brown hair, green eyes. Wearing an orange blouse with long sleeves, black and white floral skirt, nylon stockings and white tennis shoes.
More Crime Posts:
The first quarter of 2017 turned out better than many businesses had expected according to the latest KBC Bank/Chartered Accountants Ireland business sentiment survey.
Of the 300 plus chief executives, managing directors and finance directors who responded most reported that activity had picked up between January and March.
The business sentiment index climbed to 110.6 in spring 2017 from 104.6 in the previous quarter.
This marks the third successive increase in the index, following a sharp likely Brexit related weakening last summer.
As major uncertainty persists in regard to the global and indeed the domestic economic outlook, producer confidence remains some way below the levels seen in late 2015 (131.1), but the spring survey shows Irish business sentiment is now on an improving trajectory.
Sentiment has risen strongly since last summer when it fell following the Brexit vote.
The survey reveals significant differences in companies' understanding of the implications of Brexit for their businesses.
Just 21% of firms believe they have a strong sense of the consequences of Brexit for their activities, while a further 53% of companies report they have some sense of what Brexit might mean for their operations.
Two out of five companies said they had already taken action related to Brexit, including putting measures in place to deal with currency volatility.
Just over a quarter of businesses, however, said they still had no sense of how Brexit might impact on them.
Austin Hughes, Chief Economist at KBC Bank Ireland, who carried out the analysis, said: "Although Brexit concerns are felt widely, both the expected impact and the level of preparedness for Brexit vary widely between companies even in the same sector.
"Only 21% of firms say they have a strong sense of the likely impact of Brexit on their business, but it is concerning that 27% have little sense of the potential effects.
"While 40% of companies have already taken action, this includes those reacting to the impact of Sterling weakness on their business."
Have you ever watched a movie or television show, only to notice that a character's hair looks slightly different or some background knickknacks seem to have been moved, despite no passage of time?
Worrying about those tiny details is a time-consuming process in Hollywood and one that has remained surprisingly old school, using yellow pads and big binders to keep track of a shoot. That is, until now.
ProductionPro, which was recently used on the second season of Netflix's "The Crown," along with Broadway shows including "Kinky Boots" and "Miss Saigon," is an app that rolls up all of those old school processes into a simple iPad app.
A crew member uses ProductionPro on set ProductionPro
"It's really the simplicity I think people reacted to," Alex Libby, founder of ProductionPro, told NBC News. "They're really able to automatically organize all of their ideas, the research, the designs and the continuity from each scene into the structure of the story seamlessly and that is the first time it's ever happened for them."
Virtually everything we need to lead our high-tech lives exists inside the smartphones we carry around in our pockets, from the way we work — via productivity apps such as Todoist and Evernote — to the way we get to work — with Uber, Lyft, and Waze; and even the way we work out.
Yet somehow the app revolution, which was largely spurred with the creation of Apple's App Store in 2008, never really disrupted Hollywood.
Related: Apple Highlights Siri, Software Updates at Developer Conference
“The entertainment industry as a whole has been underserved by tech since the Greeks," Libby told NBC News. "They are extremely analogue, and a group of journeyman and apprentices who learn from their forefathers," said Libby, who has worked as a crew member on Broadway and Hollywood sets.
"People would go back to their binders they'd have to carry from location to location," he added. "And now it is one iPad.”
ProductionPro's visual scroll allows users to organize research, designs, and continuity within the structure of the film. ProductionPro
While working on the film "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close," Libby said he became inspired to create a solution. At first, he used a six-foot-wide, 150-foot long scroll to organize the scenes and all of the elements, including props and costumes.
While it helped, he said he was inspired to create something less unwieldy, and so he worked with a team of techies to help bring his idea for an app to fruition. Freelancers can get accounts for $20 per month, while accounts for an entire set start at $2,500.
It's still early days for ProductionPro, but with a few successful big budget shoots under their belt, Libby said more people in the entertainment industry are becoming receptive to embracing technology. He said there are some "majorly huge" clients lined up that he can't yet disclose.
"You often find people on the ground can't actually imagine what tech can do. That has been one of our great joys, going in showing people that with a touch of a button, you can save hours of your day," he said. "And you can use that brain space to create instead of [worry about] the logistics. The more we have people thinking that way, the better.”
If you live in a region where temperatures routinely dip below freezing this time of year, you know that vehicle maintenance requirements shift along with the weather. While keeping up with your customers' maintenance needs is always essential for business, there are some areas of the country where winter maintenance takes on a whole new level of importance.
In America's coldest cities, poor vehicle maintenance isn't just a repair issue — it's a safety issue. Being stranded with a broken-down car in extreme temperatures isn't an option. So, how do shops in some of America's coldest climates keep their customers' cars running through even the worst winter conditions? The answer, it turns out, is just a little preparation.
Setting Up Seasonal Inspections
It's nice to have proactive customers who want to take care of maintenance issues before something goes wrong. Unfortunately, not all customers have this kind of foresight. Whether or not the temperature drops to 50 below where you live, the arrival of winter weather puts the onus on shops to be more direct in selling winter inspections.
Talk to your customers about the importance of being more proactive in servicing their vehicles during winter. While they may be familiar with the recommended service intervals in their owner's manuals, you need to be conservative when it comes to winter maintenance.
”You need to offer your experience when thinking about maintenance intervals,” said Mike Simard, owner, Simard Automotive in Fairbanks, AK. “The independent industry does roughly 80% of all maintenance work in this country; so, we've learned a thing or two about vehicles that are no longer under warranty. Essentially, we want to take the manufacturer's recommendation and pair that with our years of experience to make an appropriate recommendation on winter maintenance.”
Fluids
Vehicles using contaminated fluids or fluids that are mixed in the wrong concentration are especially susceptible to failure during winter. That's because fluids don't give off many warning signs when they need to be changed. They also are rarely checked by most drivers.
Check the motor oil on every inspection. If your shop is in a region where temperatures routinely drop below freezing, you might consider switching to a lower viscosity oil. Regardless of what oil you're using, recommend an oil change to help the customer's engine run easier upon startup.
“We recommend oil changes after most tune-ups and battery replacements that were done after a vehicle failed to start,” said Jason Emrick, ASE Master/L1 technician, Lloyd's Automotive in St. Paul, MN. “At a minimum, clean oil will lubricate quicker and allow the engine to spin a little bit faster on cold startup. It will also remove the hydrocarbons from the crankcase if there is a no-start or slow-crank condition. Those extra hydrocarbons could be the difference between the car starting or the engine flooding.”
You already know that weak coolant can freeze when the temperature drops below 32 degrees, but you should also make sure that the coolant isn't too rich if you're in a region with seriously cold temperatures. Simard noted that running coolant that's too rich can lead to the fluid sludging up; however, there are other concerns as well. Coolant that's mixed too strong may not allow heat to properly transfer to the heater, resulting in customer complaints.
While you're checking fluid, don't forget about the brakes. Since brake fluid is hygroscopic, absorbed water in a vehicle's brake lines can freeze and make for a sluggish pedal. This condition can also lead to damaged seals and related components.
Tires
Your customer's tires are the final point of contact between the vehicle and the road. Underinflated and worn tires can present serious safety issues for drivers, and should be addressed in any winter inspection.
“When it comes to inspections and what seasonal inspections you sell, you really need to be looking at tires,” Simard said. “If it rains a lot in your winter season, you don't want your customers' vehicles to hydroplane. If you get ice and snow, you have to be talking to your customers about tires.”
Regardless of tire condition, underinflated tires are a common problem when the temperature dips. Your customers should be monitoring their tire pressure throughout winter to maintain performance, but your shop can help preempt some under-inflation issues by being vigilant in checking pressure on every car that rolls into your bays.
“A general specification is that tire pressure will drop 1 psi for every 10-degree drop in temperature.” Emrick said. “As the tire pressure drops due to the cold, we find that bead leaks become more prevalent. For these reasons, we are sure to fill all tires during the fall and winter to at least 35 psi. This means that every car that comes into our bays, for anything from headlight to head gasket work, is to leave with the tires properly inflated. Any tires that are lower than their peers are noted and visually inspected.”
Winter is also the time of year to replace tires that are nearing the edge of acceptable tread depth, Emrick says. It doesn't make sense for your customers to battle through winter on worn tires, only to upgrade in the spring when conditions are more favorable. Help guide your customers to the tire that is right for their vehicle and the road conditions in your area.
“To determine whether or not your customer needs new tires, measure the tread depth: If the depth is less than 2/32 of an inch, the tire is worn out and is not safe,” said Mike Borlee, owner, Mike's Service Center in Green Bay, WI. “Tires with an all-season tread pattern will perform better than those with a ‘touring' tread pattern. Ultimately, nothing beats a dedicated set of snow tires. The extensive grooved patterns and softer compounds provide greater performance and safer handling than a standard tire.”
Batteries
That dreaded “click, click, click” noise is something no driver wants to hear when trying to start up their vehicle on a cold morning. Test every car battery during winter maintenance and physically inspect them for any signs of damage and to help determine their age.
“Midwest driving conditions are harsh,” Borlee said. “Make sure the battery is tested for, and maintains, proper cranking amperage and reserve capacity. The average battery lifespan is four to five years. If the customer's battery is in that range, they should budget for a replacement.”
It pays to be cautious when it comes to battery replacement. Sometimes there can be problems even when a battery looks normal and tests out OK. Ultimately, a shop should use its discretion based on regional vehicle driving habits when determining whether or not to recommend replacement.
“As we approach winter, our shop begins to be more skeptical of batteries and we're quicker to upsell them if they appear at all close to the CCA threshold,” Emrick said. “We also try to determine the date of the battery. We will recommend replacing any that are over four years old even if they are testing OK (our shop found that we were replacing batteries in January that tested fine in September). As a battery ages, it may not have the reserve capacity to start cars in extreme cold.”
Make sure your shop has a uniform winter maintenance checklist, and promote it to every customer. Being a technician in a cold climate comes with a lot of responsibility, but if you can keep your customers' cars on the road, your winter maintenance service will be a better marketing tool than any postcard or email could ever be.
WASHINGTON: James Harden scored 37 points as the Houston Rockets routed Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder 118-87 in the opening game of their NBA playoff series on Sunday.
Harden outclassed fellow MVP candidate Westbrook also delivering nine assists and seven rebounds for the Rockets who take a 1-0 lead into Game 2 on Wednesday.
“Tonight was a good game but it is just one win,” Harden said. “We have to be ready to go for Wednesday.”
Westbrook tallied 22 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists but he also made nine turnovers and missed 17 of 23 shot attempts.
Harden and Westbrook are considered the frontrunners in the league MVP race. But Westbrook's individual brilliance doesn't always translate into Thunder victories.
The Rockets held Westbrook to just seven points in the second half as they stretched a five point halftime lead to 33 points.
As good as Harden was Sunday he also got plenty of help from a strong supporting cast.
Patrick Beverley scored a postseason career high 21 points while Nene chipped in 15 points off the bench for Houston. Beverley also shut down Westbrook defensively when it mattered the most.
Houston shot 49.5 percent from the floor while Oklahoma City shot 37 percent from the field.
“When you are dealing with a team like that it is picked your poison,” said Thunder coach Billy Donovan.
Elsewhere, the Golden State Warriors clamped down in the fourth quarter to pull away to a 121-109 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers in their series opener.
Golden State, aiming to get back to the NBA finals for a third straight year and regain the crown they surrendered last season to the Cleveland Cavaliers, had 32 points from Kevin Durant in his first playoff game as a Warrior.
Stephen Curry added 29. Draymond Green was everywhere, finishing with 19 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists, five blocked shots and three steals for the Warriors.
Golden State withstood 75 combined points from the Trail Blazers duo of Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum to triumph in a game that saw 22 lead changes.
“We let them get to their spots in the first half,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. “They still made some tough shots, which they're going to do. I thought we did a better job in the second half of being a little more physical.”
Durant, acquired as a free agent after the Warriors' loss to the Cavs in last year's finals, connected on 12 of 20 shots and also pulled down 10 rebounds.
Game two of the series, a rematch of a Western Conference semifinal last season, is on Wednesday.
Sunday's Eastern Conference action got under way in Washington, where John Wall scored 15 of his 32 points in a dominant third quarter to lead the Wizards to a 114-107 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in their series opener.
Wall also handed out 14 assists while teammate Bradley Beal scored 22 points and Markieff Morris added 21.
German guard Dennis Schroder led the Hawks with 25 points and Paul Millsap had 19.
In Boston, Jimmy Butler scored 15 of his 30 points in the fourth quarter as the Chicago Bulls held on to beat the Boston Celtics 106-102 in the opener of a first-round Eastern Conference series.
Butler scored five points during an 8-0 run midway through the final period that put the Bulls in control on an emotional night at the Boston Garden.
Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas played the day after his younger sister, Chyna, was killed in a car accident.
Thomas led the Celtics with 33 points, hitting a layup with seven seconds left to cut Chicago's lead to 104-102.
But Butler dribbled off a few seconds and sealed the victory with two free throws with just three seconds on the clock.
Game 2 of the series is Tuesday at the Garden.
WASHINGTON: James Harden scored 37 points as the Houston Rockets routed Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder 118-87 in the opening game of their NBA playoff series on Sunday.
Harden outclassed fellow MVP candidate Westbrook also delivering nine assists and seven rebounds for the Rockets who take a 1-0 lead into Game 2 on Wednesday.
“Tonight was a good game but it is just one win,” Harden said. “We have to be ready to go for Wednesday.”
Westbrook tallied 22 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists but he also made nine turnovers and missed 17 of 23 shot attempts.
Harden and Westbrook are considered the frontrunners in the league MVP race. But Westbrook's individual brilliance doesn't always translate into Thunder victories.
The Rockets held Westbrook to just seven points in the second half as they stretched a five point halftime lead to 33 points.
As good as Harden was Sunday he also got plenty of help from a strong supporting cast.
Patrick Beverley scored a postseason career high 21 points while Nene chipped in 15 points off the bench for Houston. Beverley also shut down Westbrook defensively when it mattered the most.
Houston shot 49.5 percent from the floor while Oklahoma City shot 37 percent from the field.
“When you are dealing with a team like that it is picked your poison,” said Thunder coach Billy Donovan.
Elsewhere, the Golden State Warriors clamped down in the fourth quarter to pull away to a 121-109 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers in their series opener.
Golden State, aiming to get back to the NBA finals for a third straight year and regain the crown they surrendered last season to the Cleveland Cavaliers, had 32 points from Kevin Durant in his first playoff game as a Warrior.
Stephen Curry added 29. Draymond Green was everywhere, finishing with 19 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists, five blocked shots and three steals for the Warriors.
Golden State withstood 75 combined points from the Trail Blazers duo of Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum to triumph in a game that saw 22 lead changes.
“We let them get to their spots in the first half,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. “They still made some tough shots, which they're going to do. I thought we did a better job in the second half of being a little more physical.”
Durant, acquired as a free agent after the Warriors' loss to the Cavs in last year's finals, connected on 12 of 20 shots and also pulled down 10 rebounds.
Game two of the series, a rematch of a Western Conference semifinal last season, is on Wednesday.
Sunday's Eastern Conference action got under way in Washington, where John Wall scored 15 of his 32 points in a dominant third quarter to lead the Wizards to a 114-107 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in their series opener.
Wall also handed out 14 assists while teammate Bradley Beal scored 22 points and Markieff Morris added 21.
German guard Dennis Schroder led the Hawks with 25 points and Paul Millsap had 19.
In Boston, Jimmy Butler scored 15 of his 30 points in the fourth quarter as the Chicago Bulls held on to beat the Boston Celtics 106-102 in the opener of a first-round Eastern Conference series.
Butler scored five points during an 8-0 run midway through the final period that put the Bulls in control on an emotional night at the Boston Garden.
Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas played the day after his younger sister, Chyna, was killed in a car accident.
Thomas led the Celtics with 33 points, hitting a layup with seven seconds left to cut Chicago's lead to 104-102.
But Butler dribbled off a few seconds and sealed the victory with two free throws with just three seconds on the clock.
Game 2 of the series is Tuesday at the Garden.
LAS VEGAS -- With a day to go before kickoff, four reported million-dollar bets have already been placed on Super Bowl LII -- all on the underdog Philadelphia Eagles.
A bettor on Friday at William Hill placed a $1 million money-line bet on the Eagles at 155 odds. If Philadelphia pulls the upset over the New England Patriots, the unnamed bettor would net a $1,550,000 profit.
Earlier in the week, William Hill reported taking a $1.6 million bet on the Eagles 4.5 and another $1 million money-line bet on Philadelphia. Last week, MGM's sportsbook reported taking a "multimillion" bet on the Eagles.
It's not uncommon for million-dollar bets to show up each year on the Super Bowl, but not this many. Last year, for example, only one $1 million bet was reported on Super Bowl LI between the Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons.
The Patriots were 4.5-point favorites over the Eagles on Saturday at most sportsbooks. They opened as high as 6-point favorites two weeks ago, but the majority of the early action, especially the largest bets, have been on the Eagles.
On Friday night at Caesars Palace sportsbooks, 61.4 percent of the point-spread bets and nearly 70 percent of the money that had been wagered was on the Eagles. The action was even more lopsided at William Hill, where 85 percent of the money on the point spread was on Philadelphia.
The largest reported bets on the Patriots were in the six-figure range. MGM vice president of race and sports Jay Rood told ESPN that the largest bet he had taken on the Patriots was a "mid-six-figure" money-line bet.
The sportsbook at the South Point casino also reported taking a six-figure bet on the Patriots.
A lot could change leading up to kickoff. Las Vegas bookmakers say as much as 80 percent of the bets will be placed Saturday and Sunday. For right now, though, Las Vegas is rooting for the Patriots.
EARLY DAYS: The Victory College campus when it was known as the Christian Outreach Centre some time during the 1980s or early 1990s.
IT WAS the beginning of the Victory College journey in 1978.
It began with church gatherings at Forester's Hall, Red Hill.
One year later the church purchased the old Gympie Cattle Yards on Old Maryborough Road, a 20- acre property on what was then the outskirts of town.
Soon after, in 1980, work began on what is now Victory Church, which doubled as the first classroom for Gympie Christian Academy.
With just two teachers and two teacher aides they had a total of 36 students.
The classroom was set up each Sunday evening and packed up each Friday afternoon to allow for the Sunday services.
By 1982 the school increased in numbers requiring an administrator and more staff.
Pastors George and Margaret Miller arrived in 1994 and continued the vision of growing the school.
Soon began a refurbishment of existing buildings and with student numbers on the rise, new buildings were added.
Following a change in curriculum in 1995, an additional five acres were purchased and many of the buildings refurbished.
A new science and home economics block was built along with an Early Childhood Centre, a manual arts workshop and an art studio.
The name Victory College was introduced in 1999 along with a change of uniform.
2010 saw the completion of further building development including a new library, an international-size sports stadium and a language centre.
The Victory College library, which was opened in 2010. Contributed
MyKindy at Victory was opened in 2012 offering 24 students a kindergarten education in the year before Prep.
The school logo was also updated to the one in use today and new Secondary College dress uniforms were introduced.
In 2013 the state-of-the- art science labs were opened followed by an equestrian centre in 2015.
Last year work commenced on a hospitality precinct and further Primary College classrooms to make room for the extensive growth the school was experiencing.
From a staff of four all those years ago, Victory College now has a faculty of 90 and a student body of 560, ranging from Kindergarten through to Year 12.
Many of the college's former students are owners, managers or are employed by businesses in the region, and have children of their own attending Victory College.
"What has been achieved in the past 39 years is a tribute to the many people who have sown their lives into Victory College, particularly the commitment of faith men such as Pastors Gary Mohr, Trevor Holmes and Roy Webb,” principal Brett Costin said.
"The same vision, dedication and commitment, combined with our core values, of honour, service and excellence is seeing Victory College continue to grow.”
The Primary College and the Secondary College are now housed separately allowing for growth in their own rights and the schools share the other facilities such as sports stadium, science centre, equestrian arena, hospitality centre, mechanics/engineering shed and library.
"We thank God that a dream was given to faithful people, and has continued to the present day,” Mr Costin said.
LOOKING BACK
Article from The Gympie Times of November 3, 2001
Victory celebrates boost to facilities
GYMPIE'S Victory College owes Vince and Gladys Brennan a cup of coffee.
However, Mr Brennan made it clear yesterday he was not worried about collecting the debt.
He joined a throng of wellwishers for the official opening of new extensions to the school - extensions which might not have occurred if not for the Brennans.
The school, which features a non-denominational Christian approach to education, became officially larger yesterday with the opening of a new Early Childhood Centre and a separate Industrial and Fine Arts Centre.
Principal Neil Beauchamp paid special tribute to St Patrick's College for the co-operation which, prior to completion of the new buildings, had enabled manual arts students from Victory to use St Patrick's facilities for their lessons.
"They only charged us for materials, and of course, their students have been able to undertake agricultural studies at Victory on the same basis,” he said.
He also paid tribute to a small army of volunteers, contractors, students and parents, as well as the vision and inspiration of Pastor Miller, the school's CEO.
Although Mr Miller stressed that "the vision came from God”, he acknowledged the crucial role of the Brennans, who previously owned the land on which the Industrial and Fine Arts Centre has now been built.
"For five years, every time I drove past I would think about what we could do with that land next door,” Mr Miller said.
Mr Brennan said the pastor would regularly ring him up and suggest they meet so he could shout them a coffee.
Mr Brennan said his response became fairly standard:
"George, you want the land, don't you?”
"After a while I realised the only way we were going to get out of this was to sell it to them.
"We never did get the coffee,” he said.
Penetanguishene is going high tech ahead of the 2018 Municipal Election. The town council approved the use of Internet and telephone voting for next year, ditching the pencil and paper system altogether. In 2014, Penetanguishene used all three, but over 60 per cent opted for the electronic method. Those who choose, can show up at voting stations to use electronic devices there, but Penetanguishene voters can cast their ballot anywhere with internet access next year. “Penetanguishene stepped forward in North Simcoe in 2014 as a leader in technology, innovation and accessibility for the municipal election and we are pleased to be able to provide residents with this accessible form of voting for 2018,” says Stacey Cooper, Town Clerk.
MACON, Ga. — A Georgia woman has admitted making false threats to blow up day care centers.
U.S. Attorney Charles Peeler in Macon said in a news release that 26-year-old Jasmine Bradley pleaded guilty Monday to conveying false information and perpetuating a hoax.
Prosecutors say Bradley used Facebook to make a bomb threat in April 2017 against the Child Care Network School in Macon, where she worked. The message said a bomb had been planted and someone would “blow up every little face in that center tomorrow.”
Investigators determined Bradley had posted the threat. After they arrested her while she was at work at the school, she admitted making other threats to that day care and others in the area.
She faces up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The ups and downs of Trump and Macron
US President Donald Trump and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron have suggested there could be a new agreement on Iran's nuclear programme.
After talks in the US, Mr Trump, who is sceptical of an accord that was struck in 2015, spoke about "doing a much bigger, maybe, deal".
Mr Macron said a new pact must cover Iran's ballistic missile programme and its role in the Middle East.
Iran warned of "severe consequences" if the US withdraws from the deal.
In 2015, Iran agreed to mothball its nuclear programme in return for an easing of economic sanctions on Iran.
The US president has been threatening to reject an extension of the Obama-era nuclear pact reached between Tehran and world powers by a 12 May deadline.
Mr Macron has been lobbying Mr Trump to stick with the deal, saying there was no better option.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to visit the US on Friday to make a last-minute bid to dissuade Mr Trump from potentially torpedoing the agreement.
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif was quoted as saying that Tehran would "most likely" abandon the accord if the US pulled out.
What did Trump and Macron say in Washington?
"I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger, maybe, deal," the US president said, adding that any new agreement must be built on "solid foundations".
"They should have made a deal that covered Yemen, that covered Syria, that covered other parts of the Middle East," said Mr Trump, referring to the 2015 accord which he described as "insane".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What French people think about Trump and Macron meeting
Meanwhile, Mr Macron agreed that Tehran's influence in the region must be part of negotiations.
He also stressed that - as well as controlling Iran's nuclear programme for the next decade as envisaged by the current agreement - a fresh deal would need to cover its nuclear activities longer-term, as well as its ballistic missile programme.
And he talked about working with President Trump to build a "new framework" in the Middle East - and especially in Syria.
"Beyond the military presence (there), we'll have to build peace," Mr Macron said.
Mr Trump earlier warned Iran against resuming its nuclear programme.
"They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it they're going to have big problems, bigger than they've ever had before."
'Bigger, better' deal
Analysis by the BBC's Barbara Plett Usher
The visit was a strange mix.
On the one hand, a display of stark differences - Mr Macron almost channelling an anti-Trump in his opening admonition to resist "aggressive nationalism" and "build a new multilateralism."
On the other hand, an overt display of deliberate chumminess punctuated with tussling handshakes and capped by the very odd dandruff episode, where Mr Trump seemed to hover between playfulness and aggression.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump brushes 'dandruff' off 'perfect' Macron
But whether or not the French president felt humiliated by the bout of unexpected grooming, he did manage to get Mr Trump's attention on the Iran nuclear accord.
He framed his appeal to preserve the deal with the promise of a "bigger, better" one.
In other words, build on the existing agreement to address its flaws, rather than scrap it and start fresh.
Whether or not this is possible is an open question.
But the suggestion was enough to intrigue Mr Trump.
His tone changed, moving from a blistering harangue of the deal before the meeting to something more considered - although still noncommittal - afterwards.
And that shows the influence of personal engagement with the president, from someone who - like Mr Macron - knows how to talk to him.
What was Iran's response?
On Monday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani threatened "severe consequences" if the US withdrew from the deal.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Javad Zarif: "You cannot stop the process or not engage just because of a fear of failure"
Meanwhile, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said just hours before the Trump-Macron summit that a probable response would to restart the enrichment of uranium - a key bomb-making ingredient.
"You cannot stop the process or not engage just because of a fear of failure. But at least you need to have some hope of success, some prospect for success, in order for this process to start," the Iranian foreign minister was quoted as saying by Reuters.
"And I do not believe that, under the present circumstances, with the present tone, and language and approach of the current administration in Washington, you would have much prospect."
Iran maintains its nuclear programme is solely for peaceful civilian purposes.
What are Trump's objections to the 2015 accord?
The US president has long complained that the accord - signed by the US, Iran, Europe, Russia, China and Germany - does nothing to halt Iran's support for militant groups in the region such as Hezbollah.
Mr Trump is also demanding that signatories to the pact agree permanent restrictions on Iran's uranium enrichment.
Under the current deal they are set to expire in 2025.
What about other issues discussed in Washington?
Mr Macron, on a three-day visit to the US, is the first foreign leader to be treated to a state visit during the Trump presidency.
"We do have a very special relationship," Mr Trump told journalists gathered in the Oval Office.
The Iran deal is not the only potential source of discord between the two leaders.
Also on the agenda is the Paris climate accord, the US decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and planned US tariffs on EU steel and aluminium.
Mr Trump earlier thanked France for joining the US and Britain earlier this month in launching air strikes after an alleged chemical attack in Syria.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
KENT, Ohio (AP) — Jimmy Hall scored 21 points, Jaylin Walker 20 and Deon Edwin sank three of four foul shots in the final seconds as Kent State held off a late Miami (Ohio) threat for a 76-72 victory on Tuesday night.
Michael Weathers scored a quick basket after a Miami timeout with five seconds left, slicing the gap to 74-72, and the RedHawks quickly fouled Edwin before time expired. But the senior made both to finish with 15 points, including 9 of 10 at the line.
Kent State (14-12, 6-7) Mid-American Conference) halted a two-game skid and remain in the thick of the congested MAC standings.
Michael Weathers led Miami with 22 points, and Marcus Weathers had 18 points and 10 rebounds for Miami (10-16, 3-10), which has yet to win on the road this season.
The top four teams in the final MAC standings receive a bye to the quarterfinals of the MAC Tournament.
Comments
comments
Best part of Milton Carswell Jr.'s day is giving lessons, especially to juniors.
Carswell's dad was a golf professional in Detroit. That's where he learned the passion for a game that would also be a livelihood.
He went on to golf at Jackson State University after graduating from Waite High School. After graduating from college it's no surprise that Carswell turned his passion for the game into a career.
“That's all I ever wanted to do. I got out of college, wanted to play for a living but I had a child at a very young age. So I tried to get in the golf business and help people. I started at South Toledo Gold Club with Greg Fish and Nick Szymanski. Starting on my path and met Chuck Radabaugh, my mentor and he brought me here,” said Carswell.
Eleven years later, Radabaugh left and Carswell earned the right for a promotion. A promotion that created history: Becoming the first African American Head Professional in Toledo.
“Very emotional time for me and my family when I was named head golf pro. An African American at a country club, emotional,exciting to be here. Membership's been supportive. Amazing when I talk to other African American pros. You know you can have a career in the country club golf business if you want,” said Carswell.
He still does weekly clinics with inner city kids called “Mornings with Milton Jr.” at Collins park.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
President Donald Trump approved the House Intelligence Committee to release the classified Nunes memo on the alleged abuse of the surveillance act by the FBI.
The memo argues that the FBI would not have received a surveillance warrant from the FISA court for Carter Page, a former Trump policy advisor during the 2016 presidential campaign, without the Steele dossier.
The memo also says that it was not revealed to the court that the dossier, which alleges collusion between Trump's campaign and Russia, was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. It also alleges that Christopher Steele, who was behind the dossier, said he “was desperate” to keep Trump from ascending to the White House.
Here is the full document.
The owner of a Mount Dora, FL barber shop was killed Friday after refusing to cut a customer's hair for $2, witnesses said.
According to witnesses, the shooter came into the shop earlier in the day asking for a $2 haircut. When the victim, who has not been identified, refused, the man left but later returned armed with a gun.
After shooting the barber, the gunman was seriously injured by someone inside the barber shop, witnesses said. The shooter, who was also not identified, was flown to Orlando Regional Medical Center for treatment.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran never made it to his label's Grammys party. It's not like he didn't want to go, he wasn't allowed in.
Related: Ed Sheeran Surprised by Comeback Success
After the British singer/songwriter performed his new single, “The Shape of You,” at the GRAMMYs, he tried to get into his party, but he was turned away along with a crowd of others, so he went to another afterparty to celebrate.
“That's actually happened four years in a row, and that's not just my label's after-party, that's just afterparties in general,” he told NME. “It's just—do you know what I don't get… it's like you walk into those parties and there's four musicians there and everyone else there are people from L.A. who didn't even go to the GRAMMYs and just want a party to go to.”
“So I went to Benny Blanco and Diplo's party and arrived there super-early,” he continued, “and suddenly 2,000 people turned up.”
The Georgia Bureau of Investigations says a driver was fatally shot after pulling a gun on officers in northwest Georgia.
WSB-TV (http://2wsb.tv/2itrBZu ) reports that the GBI says Canton police officers saw the driver Saturday about 10:10 p.m. parked outside a closed business.
GBI spokesman Rich Bahan says after speaking to officer the driver sped off, striking an officer.
The officer was treated at a hospital and released.
Police say the car crossed into Woodstock at about 2 a.m. and officers used a tire deflating device to stop the car.
Police blocked all lanes on I-75 northbound as officers pursued the driver. They say he got out of his car holding a gun. Two Woodstock police officers fired at the driver. He later died of his injuries.
Authorities did not identify the driver or the officers.
The GBI is investigating.
Image copyright Minusma/Marco Dormino Image caption UN troops have been trying to stabilise Mali since 2013
Gunmen have attacked a United Nations peacekeeping base in the city of Timbuktu in northern Mali, killing seven people.
Five of those who died were Malian security guards. The Malian military said the assault had been repulsed and four of the gunmen killed.
No group has claimed Monday's attack. Islamist militants frequently target the UN mission in Mali.
More than 100 members of the force have been killed.
World's most dangerous peacekeeping mission
The country's security has gradually worsened since 2013, when French forces repelled allied Islamist and Tuareg rebel fighters who had much of the north, including Timbuktu.
French troops and a 10,000-strong force of UN peacekeepers have been battling to stabilise the former French colony.
The Hillsboro Lighted Christmas Parade that was postponed last Saturday has been rescheduled for 6 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 16.
The parade is sponsored by the Hillsboro Uptown Business Association, but was actually canceled by the Hillsboro Police Department about a half hour before it was supposed to start Saturday.
“The police department said it was hazardous and a safety issue,” HUBA President Breanna Howard said.
She said it was the timing of the roads turning slick from a light snowfall that caused the parade to be canceled not long before it was supposed to start.
Howard said that as far as she knows, the schedule for the parade this Saturday will remain the same. But she also said that HUBA is holding a meeting Tuesday night and if any changes are made, those will be announced Wednesday.
According to the original schedule, the parade will start at 6 p.m. from the Highland County Fairgrounds and is expected to arrive in the uptown area around 6:20 p.m.
All parade units should be in the staging area by 4 p.m. to be judged. Driving units should stage at the Highland County Fairgrounds, where the gates will open at 11 a.m. Walking and marching units should be at the lower parking lot on the old high school campus by 5 p.m.
The parade grand marshals are Hillsboro's “marching mothers,” who in October were inducted into the Ohio Civil Rights Hall of Fame for their role in helping force the integration of the Hillsboro City Schools in the mid-1950s.
While preparations for the parade were ongoing Saturday, the Hillsboro Police Department investigated five accidents, all weather-related, from 3:45 to 5:30 p.m. None of them appeared to be serious.
A spokesperson at the Highland County Sheriff's Office said deputies investigated a handful of accidents Saturday, but that the majority of them were where vehicles had run off the road and sustained little to no damage.
The Greenfield Police Department said there were a few accidents on the fringes of the village, but none in the village limits.
Paint Creek Joint EMS/Fire District Public Information Officer Branden Jackman said his department responded to just one accident Saturday on SR 73, that but they everyone involved in the crash refused treatment.
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland@aimmediamidwest.com.
As snowflakes floated to the ground Saturday evening, this float sponsored by Sunrise Sunset Child Care was stopped in front of Tissot's Home Center in Hillsboro shortly after the HUBA Lighted Christmas Parade was postponed. The theme for this year's parade, as evidenced by the float, is Christmas at the Movies. As snowflakes floated to the ground Saturday evening, this float sponsored by Sunrise Sunset Child Care was stopped in front of Tissot's Home Center in Hillsboro shortly after the HUBA Lighted Christmas Parade was postponed. The theme for this year's parade, as evidenced by the float, is Christmas at the Movies.
Hillsboro Lighted Christmas Parade to start 6 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 16
Apple shares on Friday continued their two-week slide, closing at $160.50 — down more than 10 percent from their recent high.
That puts shares of the tech giant clearly in a correction.
Amid a broad market sell-off, Apple shares closed Friday down 4.3 percent — one day after posting strong quarterly results.
Investors, however, are growing concerned over demand for the company's uber-important iPhone.
Apple, led by CEO Tim Cook, revealed it had missed sales targets for its smartphone and delivered disappointing revenue projections — forecasting $60 billion to $62 billion for the current quarter, below Wall Street's estimate of $65.73 billion.
A silver lining, though, is research firm IDC said Friday that Apple overtook archrival Samsung in the fourth quarter as the largest smartphone seller in the world, with a 19.2 percent market share to Samsung's 18.4 percent.
Video
Police appeal to help build a timeline of events surrounding the murder of six-year-old Alesha MacPhail
Alesha's body was found by a member of the public in woodland on the Isle of Bute on Monday.
The Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series heads to Bristol Motor Speedway for Sunday's running of the Food City 500, with pre-race coverage starting at 12:30 p.m. ET on FS1, and the race at 2 p.m. on FOX.
The racing at Bristol is always fast and intense, usually featuring intense battles and lots of trading paint as the drivers trade positions.
Among active drivers, here are the 15 with the best average finishes at the high-banked, 0.533-mile Bristol track.
LAT Photographic Scott R LePage
Kristaps Porzingis has been getting a lot of action off the court.
The New York Knicks forward was spotted leaving Marquee nightclub with a hot blond model named Bambi last week, TMZ reported, but she wouldn't be the only babe on the Latvian lothario's mind.
The 22-year-old NBA Unicorn began following “belfie”-obsessed fitness model Jen Selter.
Selter, 23, responded by liking several of Porzingis' own Instagram posts and claiming that the unicorn was her “new favorite emoji” before editing her post — but screenshots are forever.
In another shot, Selter wrote that she was “missing NYC a bit.” Wonder why.
Here's hoping Porzingis has better luck than Clint Frazier did.
Shaken straphangers caught up in the Port Authority terror attack told The Post of the terrifying moments when they heard the blast and ran for their lives.
“I heard a kaboom. It was shaky,” said Jamar Moore, 39, who was near a turnstile when he felt the explosion.
“There was a little rumble. Everyone just hit the stairs and started running. People were losing their pocketbooks. Once we heard that pop, everybody was out.”
In the mad scramble to flee after the would-be suicide bomber's explosive device erupted underground, people at the station were falling over each other, trampling on others and losing their shoes, Moore recalled.
“People started getting trampled. I see about three to four people falling,” he said.
Sarah Benelli, 35, was on an A train that had pulled into 42nd Street/Port Authority when the bomb detonated, shaking the whole train and causing frightened commuters to jump on board to try and get away.
“I had headphones on, but I felt this rattle in my chest. I pulled the headphones out, and it sounded just like thunder. It reverberated for a couple seconds, and it was really loud,” said the Inwood resident.
“As I heard the rumbling, I heard people on the platform running on the train. There were a couple expletives; people were obviously scared. A few people ducked down in the train, and people were shouting to get away from the doors so the doors could close. They wanted to get out of there.”
Those who'd already exited the train could see smoke coming out of the tunnel where the device detonated, another witness said.
“We heard, ‘Boom!' Then we saw smoke coming. And then, right after the smoke, I just ran upstairs. All of us just ran upstairs … When you hear a boom and see smoke, that means get the hell out of there,” said Christina Bethea, 29, a security guard from Yonkers, who had just gotten off the A train when the bomb went off.
“I said, damn, I'm gonna move back to North Carolina. New York City is too much for me.”
Sometimes it's worth paying a little extra.
Airlines are raking in the fees, collecting a massive $28 billion in so-called “ancillary revenue” — that includes everything from bag fees to upcharges for more comfortable seating — in 2016, according to a report of the top 10 airlines released in July by IdeaWorks. That's up from just $2.1 billion in 2007. Spirit Airlines, which almost proudly touts its use of fees, takes the most per passenger at $49.89, followed by Allegiant ($48.93 per person) and Frontier.
Passengers, of course, hate airline fees. An overwhelming 84 percent say they don't like them and support the statement “airlines are nickel-and-diming passengers,” according to a FindLaw survey.
But some fees can be worth it to pay. “Fees that are for the sake of your sanity, for a more enjoyable experience, are on occasion worth paying,” says Gabe Saglie, a senior editor at travel deals site Travelzoo.com. Here are three:
Airline lounges
Many airlines offer a lounge for passengers for a fee of about $50 a day. It might sound like a lot, but think about what you get: food, drink, a comfy seat and WiFi. George Hobica, the founder of AirfareWatchdog.com, says that paying this fee can be worth it if you have three hours or more between a connecting flight. Added bonus? The customer service line is often way shorter in a lounge, which means that if your flight is delayed and you want to get on another flight, you can get helped much faster, Saglie says.
The better seat
Sometimes even first-class seats aren't crazy expensive — that is, if you get them at the last minute. In fact, you may pay as little as $50 for a first-class upgrade a shorter flight, says Hobica. The extra legroom and better service and food can make the experience worth the price.
Even if you can't snag a first-class upgrade on the cheap, it may pay to upgrade your seat, as airplane seats now have less legroom, less width and less padding on the seats — and a bad seat might even be harmful for your health. That's why it's often worth it to pay extra for extra legroom or an exit row, says Peter Vlitas, the senior vice president of airline relations for Travel Leaders Group. He says this is particularly true on transatlantic flights because of the time you spend in the air. But, as Hobica points out, even a short flight can take way longer one you figure in delays and runway times so it may be worth it to purchase this even on shorter flight; check to see if your route is one of the commonly delayed ones.
Luggage delivery service
Flying with kids and a ton of bags is hard enough and after a long flight the last thing you want to do is make your kids wait for the bags at baggage claim and then try to lug them and all that luggage into a car and into the hotel. Some of the major airlines are trying to help with this problem. In addition to the checked bag fee, you can pay a fee to just drop your luggage off at the ticket counter upon arrival and then have it delivered to the hotel or home you're staying at. Saglie says this service can be worth it if you're traveling with lots of baggage.
Indeed, American Airlines, for example, charges $29.95 for one bag, $39.95 for two bags and $49.95 for 3-10 bags for this service. You check your bags at the ticket counter and they will deliver your bags to your final destination within 40 miles of the airport within 4-6 hours. If you're going further than 40 miles from the airport, it's $1 per mile extra.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho praises Huddersfield Town's organised defence but feels his side's 2-0 win was fully deserved.
MATCH REPORT: Manchester United 2-0 Huddersfield
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
Gov. Cuomo apparently had never given a commencement address as governor until he found the time for an exclusive Manhattan K-12 prep school — where the board chairman and his wife donated $100,000 to his campaign.
Cuomo spoke Thursday morning at Lincoln Center, where the Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School held its graduation.
Founded in 1764 by England's King George, Columbia is the oldest and most prestigious private school in the Big Apple, and its $47,500 annual tuition is steeper than Harvard University's $43,280.
Alums include the writer Herman Melville, ex-Time Warner CEO Steve Ross and actress Ally Sheedy. First son Barron Trump also attended before transferring to a school in Washington, DC.
Board of trustees president Andrew Zaro of the Zaro's Bakery family and his wife, Lois, have forked over $100,000 to Cuomo's campaigns, records show.
But Zaro, chairman of debt-collection firm Cavalry Portfolio Services, told The Post his generous campaign donations had nothing to do with Cuomo's appearance. “That's silly. Everyone in the room [at the commencement] has given money to him. Everyone in the school knows him,” Zaro said.
Cuomo's father, the late ex-Gov. Mario Cuomo, had spoken at a Columbia commencement in 2009, and Zaro said the board thought it would be “a nice gesture” to have his son speak at what was the final commencement presided over by Headmaster Richard Soghoian, who is retiring after 36 years at the school on West 93rd Street across from Central Park.
Zaro said he could not remember whether he personally reached out to Cuomo to ask him to speak, adding it could have been another board member. Cuomo's staff could not name another school where Cuomo had spoken to graduates while governor.
But John Kaehny, of watchdog group Reinvent Albany, said the governor's appearance doesn't look good in light of pay-to-play accusations swirling in Albany.
“He's giving a private audience to super-rich political donors at one of America's most expensive private schools,” Kaehny said.
NY1 first reported the story.
In this undated handout provided by the Liege Police Department on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, Liege police officers Soraya Belkacemi, left, and Lucille Garcia, right, in their uniforms. A gunman killed three people, including two police officers, in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 a city official said. Police later killed the attacker, and other officers were wounded in the shooting. (Liege Police Department via AP)
Video: This Is The Weirdest Place I've Had Sex – Skales Bares His Sexual Escapades
Nigerian singer and Kaduna star, Skales has opened up more on himself in a recent interview granted to TheNet's secret questions. The singer who came under attack from his fans a couple of weeks ago opened up on his sexual escapades, revealing the weirdest place he has ever had sex. Skales, born Raoul John Njeng-Njeng,…
The post Video: This Is The Weirdest Place I've Had Sex – Skales Bares His Sexual Escapades appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FS: BAT Machine Actions I have the following BAT Machine actions for sale. All are brand new, unfired, unused, never had a barrel threaded:
1. (2 available)BAT 1.4" MB Right Bolt-Left Port, Multi-Flat, Melonite, spiral-fluted bolt w/ .308 BF(will pull BR case), single-shot, bottom lug, ejector, sako extractor, BAT picatinny rail, Roller Cocking Piece. These actions are consecutive Serial #'s. $1,675 each Shipped with tracking provided
2. BAT HR(long action) Right Bolt-Right Port, Melonite, spiral fluted bolt w/ .308 BF, integral picatinny rail and integral lug, repeater. $1,625 Shipped with tracking provided
3. BAT 1.4" MB Right bolt-Left Port-Right Eject(dual port), Multi-Flat, Melonite, spiral-fluted bolt w/ .308 BF(will pull BR case), single-shot, bottom lug, ejector, sako extractor, BAT picatinny rail, Roller Cocking Piece. $1,735 Shipped with tracking provided
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Intense cherry pink and nuances of cherry pink, transparent. Intense cherry pink and nuances of cherry pink, transparent.
Intense, clean, pleasing and refined, starts with hints of cherry, raspberry and blackberry followed by aromas of strawberry, blueberry, cyclamen and plum. Intense, clean, pleasing and refined, starts with hints of cherry, raspberry and blackberry followed by aromas of strawberry, blueberry, cyclamen and plum.
Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors, agreeable. Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors, agreeable.
Persistent finish with flavors of cherry, raspberry and blackberry. Persistent finish with flavors of cherry, raspberry and blackberry.
Aged in steel tanks. Aged in steel tanks.
Ex-principal suspended a year without pay for sexting at work A Queens ex-principal who sexted on the job and had lurid photos of herself engaged in sex acts on her Department of Education laptops has been suspended for a year...
Ex-principal involved in sex scandal takes six-month leave A demoted Queens ex-principal took a six-month medical leave on the eve of a termination trial that was to display dozens of pornographic photos allegedly found on her city-issued laptops....
Ex-principal had x-rated photos on school computers: probe The former principal of a Queens middle school had X-rated photos of herself in sex acts on city-issued laptops and sexted with two administrators while on duty, a Department of...
Ex-principal cleared in school sex probe sues for gender bias An ex-Queens principal who was demoted after she was accused of sexcapades with other staffers says she was “thrown to the wolves” by the city Department of Education because she's...
Ex-principal banned for sex scandal back in the classroom An ex-principal banned from working with students after her involvement in a sex scandal was nonetheless assigned to teach at one of New York City's worst schools, The Post found....
Second principal booted amid school sex probe A Bronx assistant principal has been booted from his post for traveling to a Queens school allegedly to have sex with the principal there — as sexts between the pair...
Meineke Car Care Centers recognized the top owners and operators in its system at the 2017 Meineke Convention, held Feb. 5-8 at the Atlantis Resort on Paradise Island in the Bahamas.
Themed “One Team. One Dream,” the 2017 Meineke Conference hosted Meineke franchisees, vendors, industry leaders and guest speakers to share best practices, outline the growth plan for the year ahead, participate in educational seminars, build and strengthen relationships, celebrate awards for top performers and enjoy time with colleagues, friends and family.
“We are proud of these franchisees for their leadership and their accomplishments in 2016,” said Danny Rivera, president, Meineke Car Care Centers. “When we talk about ‘One Team. One Dream,' these are the role models for our entire network. Their commitment to high-quality operations, excellent customer service, trusted, reliable repairs and profitable performance is exemplary.”
Award winners and honorees included:
Top Sales Award: Lee, David and Phillip Repass, Lewes, Delaware
System Sales Award: Thu Vu, Samuel Rung and Jonathan Young, Multiple Center Operator
Rookie of the Year Award: Christopher Johnson, St. Paul, Minnesota
Most Improved Award: Tyler Roshau, Clearwater, Florida
Growth Award: Thu Vu, Samuel Rung and Jonathan Young, Multiple Center Operator
Commitment to Excellence Award: Greg Masewic, Concord, New Hampshire
Crystal Wood Memorial Award: Bill Edwards, Ventura, California
Maple Leaf Award: Michael Colacci, Oakville and Alliston, Ontario
Franchisee of the Year Award: Bryn Brown, Louisville, Kentucky
Other awards also included Territory Awards and “Million Dollar Centers” for both the U.S. and Canada.
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
The high school football season provided some historically successful campaigns for teams on both sides of the Delaware River.
The result is a lehighvalleylive All-Area football team where every spot is hotly contested.
The All-Area team honors standouts from schools in Northampton, Lehigh and Warren counties, as well as Palisades in Bucks County, Palmerton in Carbon County and North Hunterdon, Voorhees and Delaware Valley in Hunterdon County.
Scroll below to see which players were recognized.
Panaji: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the illegal mining case, on Friday questioned Moshin Khan, the elder brother of businessman, Imran Khan who was arrested last week and subsequently released on bail.When contacted, investigation officer Dattaguru Sawant confirmed that Moshin was quizzed on Friday, and has been called again for further questioning on Monday.Another SIT official said that Moshin dealt in ore exports. The police suspect that his firm's turnover ran into several crores of rupees, some of which was not accounted for.”We suspect the company handled iron ore of a reputed mine owner through a trader who has been absconding since the SIT intensified its investigation,” the SIT official said.The SIT official further said that they are in possession of Khan's bank account details that would help them unearth more hidden transactions.[TOI]
FREDERICTON — Ottawa is imposing strict new measures on the lobster fishery in the Gulf of St. Lawrence in an effort to protect North Atlantic right whales.
A total of 18 North Atlantic right whales were killed in Canadian and U.S. waters last year — mainly due to vessel strikes and entanglement in fishing gear.
There are only about 450 of the whales left, and many spend their summers feeding in the Gulf.
Moira Brown, senior research scientist with the Canadian Whale Institute, said unless the numbers change, the North Atlantic right whale could become functionally extinct in less than 25 years.
The new measures announced by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans on Tuesday include restrictions on the amount of rope used.
“No rope attaching a lobster trap to a primary buoy shall remain floating on the surface of the water after the lobster trap has been set,” the new rules state.
It will be mandatory to report any lost gear.
“The new management measure will help quantify the amount of gear lost annually and identify the need to increase efforts to retrieve gear that has been lost, which would reduce the risks of whale entanglements.”
Lobster fishermen are also required to report all whale sightings and document any interactions such as collisions or entanglements.
When whales are spotted, an area around them will be temporarily closed to fishing.
“Closures will be in force for a minimum period of 15 days and will be extended by 15 days from the last North Atlantic right whale sighting.”
The department is also imposing a static closure in an area where 90 per cent of the whale observations occurred in 2017 to provide a large gear-free area for the whales.
Similar measures had already been imposed on the Gulf-region crab fishery.
On Monday, New Brunswick Liberal MP Karen Ludwig put forward a private member's motion in the House of Commons, in an effort to have the Standing Committee on Fisheries and Oceans do a study on all endangered species of whales in Canada.
The Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde of Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool were both invited to Anfield on Tuesday, where the Reds' destructive alter ego threatened to ruin an extraordinary display of attacking football in the 5-2 win over Roma.
Mohamed Salah would not celebrate against his old club, but the Liverpool superstar has given his side a fantastic chance of reaching the Champions League final.
The Serie A side were powerless to stop the man crowned the PFA Players' Player of the year, Salah scoring twice in a frantic first half at Anfield, which duly sparked one of those famous European atmospheres that have become almost a cliche.
Salah has exploded in recent weeks, reaching 43 goals in all competitions, but the pair he scored in the first half at Anfield might just be the most important of the lot.
His first was almost parodically good, Roma's defence for some reason backing off and giving Salah enough space to curl an unstoppable 20-yard drive across Alisson and into the goalkeeper's top-right corner.
The second goal has been seen before too. Salah scored it in the last round against Manchester City, racing clear of a static defence again to produce a delicious chip that had just enough power to roll in.
This being Klopp's Liverpool, it couldn't be that simple, and the defensive lapses that have dogged the German's reign reared their head late on to offer Eusebio di Francesco's side hope, and they don't have to look far for inspiration.
Roma provided one of the finest comebacks in Champions League history in the quarter-finals against Barcelona so this tie is far from over. The Giallorossi are yet to concede a goal at home in the competition, so they will not consider themselves down and out.
Salah turned provider after the break with a pair of assists, both from raids down the Liverpool right that caused Roma so many problems all night, but his withdrawal felt like a key moment.
At the time, it was almost an act of mercy from Jurgen Klopp, taking off his star man with a full 15 minutes remaining. But without Salah, Liverpool allowed their intensity levels to drop and Roma took full advantage.
Di Francesco's men had hardly been given a kick, such was Liverpool's desire to win the ball back with precision pressing, but when Edin Dzeko scrambled in their first away goal, the Giallorossi suddenly believed.
And when a second arrived from the penalty spot, Roma knew their task.
All they have to do is repeat their stunning feat in the last round - win 3-0 at home in the second leg.
They did it against Barcelona, so can they do it against Liverpool?
It promises to be an unmissable spectacle in Rome.
Photo: Michael Hurcomb / Sipa / USA / Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Post Malone is all about the children.
The “Rockstar” demonstrated his connection with the kids on YouTube's program Good Mythical Morning. For the segment, the hosts set up a game in which Malone updated the kiddie classic “Old MacDonald Had A Farm” in the style of Atlanta rap trio Migos.
Related: Post Malone's ‘Rockstar' Originally Featured Joey Bada$$ and T-Pain: Report
“Quavo, Offset, Takeoff, I hope I do you justice,” Malone said as he walked over to a set featuring a baby doll in a crib. His revised version of “Old MacDonald” was set to the beat of “Bad and Boujee” and the results need to be seen to be believed.
Watch Post Malone remix “Old MacDonald Had a Farm” and “Bad and Boujee” below:
DETROIT — For the man leading the country in minutes per game, there was no time for tired legs.
Syracuse was hanging onto a newfound one-point lead in the final minute of Sunday's NCAA Tournament second-round win over Michigan State. The Orange's most experienced scorer, Frank Howard, already had fouled out, so there was not much of a question who was getting the ball: Tyus Battle.
With the shot clock winding down, the sophomore guard made his move. One-on-one against Joshua Langford, Battle began to drive before stepping back at the foul line extended and getting the slightest bit of separation to let a jumper fly. It hit nothing but net, giving Syracuse the 52-49 lead with 47.6 seconds left.
“Man, I'm just glad I finally made one when I had to,” Battle said in a jubilant Orange locker room following the 55-53 win. “I was missing a lot of jump shots the entire game. You can't lose confidence in situations like that. People miss shots, but if you stop shooting the ball, that proves you lost confidence. When I went into that move, I took that with supreme confidence.”
It was only the fourth shot that Battle made in 15 attempts Sunday, but it was more than good enough knowing it helped keep 11th-seeded Syracuse dancing into the Sweet 16 for a date Friday with No. 2 Duke in the Midwest Region.
The Orange are still alive because of their defense and Jim Boeheim's two-three zone that throws opponents into shambles. But they've had to muster just enough offense, too, and Battle has been able to provide clutch points.
The Edison, N.J., native is shooting just 31.7 percent (13-for-41) and averaging 13 points while playing every second of three NCAA Tournament games — well off his marks of 39.8 percent and 20 points per game during the regular season — but his teammates still want the ball in his hands with the game on the line.
“Him right there, that's the real deal,” Howard said. “He does this every game. People talk about our shooting percentages and all this and that, but we're being guarded very heavily. The paint is very packed each game, and we still fight through. He's special, if you ask me, and we're gonna keep playing through him.”
Battle started Sunday's game 0-for-4 from the field with one point in the first half. The Orange only trailed by three at halftime, but Boeheim had a message.
“Tyus, you've got to go,” he said.
And so he did, with a focus on getting to the foul line in the final 20 minutes.
“I just had to see something go into the basket, just get myself going,” said Battle, who went 8-for-8 from the charity stripe in the second half — including two with 6.1 seconds left — and finished with a game-high 17 points.
The 6-foot-6 Battle, whose 38.97 minutes per game is the third-highest average of any college basketball player since 2009-10, isn't alone. Howard is averaging 38.39 minutes per game, while freshman Oshae Brissett is close behind at 38.08.
None have missed a game this year and now, after fighting through three games in five days, they'll have at least 40 more minutes to grind out starting Friday in Omaha.
“I've never had a player that didn't enjoy playing every minute of every game,” Boeheim said. “There's no question, our players are going to get tired at some stages. And a really good tired player is better than an average fresh player.
“Tyus Battle has made five or six 3s to either win the game or keep us in the game [this season]. If you're really tired, you don't do that.”
Elijah McGuire took his shot Sunday — and didn't miss.
In a huge day for the Jets' rushing attack, even with the injured veteran Matt Forte inactive, the rookie McGuire found the end zone for the first time on a 69-yard touchdown run that helped spark a 23-20 overtime win against the Jaguars at MetLife Stadium.
“It felt great, man. I scored a lot of college touchdowns, but to get the NFL touchdown, it's different,” said McGuire, who scored 52 touchdowns over four years at Louisiana-Lafayette. “I wouldn't take it back. I enjoyed it with my teammates.”
It took just one cut for McGuire to break free through a big hole and find the end zone. His feeling seeing green?
“You could cancel Christmas,” McGuire said, grinning ear to ear.
McGuire finished with 10 carries for 93 yards and two receptions for 38 yards. Along with Bilal Powell's 163 rushing yards (including a 75-yard touchdown) and 38 receiving yards, the Jets' two-headed running attack had no trouble slicing through the Jaguars' front seven for 321 all-purpose yards.
“Both of those guys did a great job popping through and running the football,” coach Todd Bowles said. “It's a tough defense to run against. We needed every big play they got. Those guys did a heck of a job.”
Powell wasn't surprised by McGuire's success.
“You can't even tell [McGuire] is a rookie, just by the way he approaches it,” Powell said. “He's just so explosive, so smart and so coachable.”
McGuire and Powell combined to average 8.0 yards per carry and it marked the first time in franchise history the Jets had two touchdown runs of 60-plus yards in the same game.
“That's two dynamic backs,” McGuire said. “That's what you want.”
Once McGuire got beyond the line of scrimmage, only a safety stood between him and the end zone. He turned on the jets and ran around him to find a path to the end zone and a 17-10 Jets lead in the third quarter.
McGuire, who saw plenty of reps during the preseason when Forte and Powell were sidelined with injuries, entered Sunday with 13 carries for 63 yards but made the most of his opportunity.
“I felt like I proved on a lot of things, but it's not just me, it's the coaching staff for even trusting me,” McGuire said. “They trusted me and they know what I'm capable of doing. I just gotta go out there and put everything on film.”
Just when you thought Beyonce doesn't slip up...she did! It isn't her first time though, Remember her last Superbowl performance? One thing about Beyonce is she knows how to bounce back and play it off. Also, Riri is dropping something new for the ladies. Tune in to Big Tigger's Trending Topics to hear more details and make sure you catch him live Monday-Friday from 2-6pm at WatchV103.com
Blink-182 announce Las Vegas residency The shows are called “Kings of the Weekend,” and tickets go on sale Friday as part of the Palms' $620 million property overhaul.
Disgraced Fyre Festival organizer spent $150K on a yacht for Blink-182 Billy McFarland may have neglected to budget for toilets, but he still managed to drop more than $150,000 on a yacht.
Tom DeLonge hires former Pentagon UFO researcher The former Blink-182 guitarist and singer hired Luis Elizondo, a former Pentagon UFO researcher, for his own To the Stars Academy of Arts and Science.
Blink-182 helps Steve Aoki raise $500K for brain science Blink-182 played a live set at a bash for Aoki's 40th birthday, which also raised $500K for his foundation.
Former Blink-182 singer tracked down alleged sexual predators Tom Delonge accused two men of trying to abduct his 15-year-old daughter's friend.
Blink-182's Matt Skiba used witchcraft to doom Fyre Festival “I consider myself a pagan and a witch. With every inch of my energy I wanted Fyre not to happen," he said. "I put all the electricity and energy in...
Would you let Blink-182 tattoo you? While promoting their new album, “California,” pop punk megastars Blink-182 met up with us on the top of the Empire State Building. Instead of just doing a typical interview, things...
On New York City FC's schedule, it appears as a “home game” but there's nothing homely about playing a game in Connecticut. Thanks to a scheduling fiasco with the Yankees,...
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — A week ago, the Tampa Bay Rays closed a season-opening homestand with a 5-2 record for the best start in franchise history.
The Rays return to Tropicana Field to face the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday, having lost six of seven games on the road to fall to 6-8, with much of that early momentum already long gone.
“We talk about for us to have our best chance, we have to play clean baseball,” manager Kevin Cash said after Monday's 4-3 loss to the Boston Red Sox. “We could probably go back to a couple plays on this road trip that it just didn't go our way. Very tough for us to overcome.”
Monday's loss at Boston included 11 more strikeouts by the Rays, giving them a major-league-high 150 this season.
Tampa Bay hitters had 15 at-bats with runners in scoring position, and managed only three hits for a .200 average, losing despite outhitting the Red Sox by an 11-9 margin.
“We had some opportunities late, got guys on base, had some big at-bats,” said Cash, whose team had the bases loaded with two out in the seventh, only to have Logan Morrison pop out to shallow right field.
“Just wasn't able to get that big hit, the big blow there. … We've got to play fundamentally sound baseball. Everybody in this clubhouse knows that, and we haven't been on this road trip.”
They will have to get back on track against two of the best teams in the American League, Detroit and Houston, both off to 8-4 starts. The Tigers have won three straight series, and open the three-game set with the Rays against a pitcher who has excelled against them in right-hander Michael Fulmer.
Fulmer (1-0, 2.25 ERA) is 2-0 with a 0.64 ERA for his career against the Rays, with two gems last season.
In May, he struck out 11 Rays while holding Tampa Bay to one run on four hits in seven innings, and in July at Tropicana Field, he was even sharper, throwing seven shutout innings of two-hit ball and striking out 10.
The Rays have struggled with strikeouts in their recent skid, including 40 in the last three losses to Boston. They will try to turn that around in support of No. 5 starter Matt Andriese (0-0, 4.50), who carries a career 5.73 ERA against Detroit.
Andriese pitched well in his last outing against the Tigers, pitching three innings of one-hit, scoreless relief in a June 30 game last year.
Tampa Bay's bullpen has struggled in the last week, which presents a target for a Detroit offense that's prided itself on coming through with late runs to help them to an 8-1 record in games decided by three runs or fewer.
“Add-on runs are enormous,” Detroit manager Brad Ausmus said after Sunday's win over Cleveland. “The later in the game, the more you can add on, the more secure the lead. I can't really put a value on them. Add-on runs are huge.”
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Yashmin Harun from the Muslimah Sports Association explains how her team of volunteers are committed to providing opportunities and empowerment through sports to Muslim and BAME women.
READ MORE: How to exercise, eat and sleep well during Ramadan
Tell us your story at getinspired@bbc.co.uk
Time's Up for Cy Vance.
The anti-sexual harassment group founded by Hollywood A-listers is demanding Gov . Cuomo investigate the Manhattan district attorney for failing to prosecute Harvey Weinstein after he allegedly groped Italian model Ambra Battilana in 2015.
Time's Up called for the probe following a New York magazine exposé that accused Vance's office — which had close ties to Weinstein's legal team — of attempting to aggressively poke holes in Battilana's story before ultimately dropping the case, even though the NYPD had the pervy producer on tape openly admitting to the groping.
“Reports that District Attorney Cyrus Vance could have been improperly influenced by Mr. Weinstein and/or his representatives, and that senior officials within the DA's office may have sought to intimidate Battilana are particularly disturbing and merit investigation,” Time's Up wrote in a letter to Cuomo, published in New York magazine's The Cut.
“Similarly, reports that the New York Police Department chose to isolate Battilana from Vance's staff because they feared his office was actively working to discredit her story demand immediate scrutiny.”
“An independent investigation into the full decision-making process in this case, including a full review of the correspondence within the office and with any representatives for Mr. Weinstein, must be undertaken immediately to ensure that prosecutorial integrity was maintained and to restore faith in the DA's office,” the letter continued.
After dozens of women accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct last year, the NYPD has repeatedly said that it has enough evidence to arrest the Hollywood bigwig but is waiting on Vance to obtain an arrest warrant so New York's Finest can haul him back from his hideout in Arizona.
Vance has said his office is still investigating Weinstein for sexual assault — but not if an indictment will be any time soon.
Time's Up — which is both a pressure group and legal defense fund — has no official leader, but was formed in January by stars including Shonda Rhimes, Reese Witherspoon, America Ferrera, Eva Longoria, Ashley Judd, Rashida Jones, Emma Stone, Natalie Portman and Kerry Washington.
Bill Ackman seeks dismissal of insider trading lawsuit Bill Ackman has asked a California judge to toss Allergan's suit against him for insider trading in its shares. As the largest shareholder of Allergan, Ackman's Pershing Square hedge fund...
Ackman hedging his bets on Actavis stash Hedge fund mogul Bill Ackman has nothing but good words for Actavis CEO Brenton Saunders, the man who bested him in the battle for botox maker Allergan. But while the...
Former Yankees manager Joe Girardi is swinging for the fences — to legalize sports betting in New York.
Girardi was in Albany Wednesday representing Major League Baseball as Gov. Cuomo and lawmakers debate whether to legalize sports betting after the US Supreme Court gave states the authority do so.
Two legislative sources said Girardi was promoting sports betting during meet-and-greet sessions with legislators outside the Senate and Assembly chambers.
“Girardi is pushing for sports gambling legislation. He's representing Major League Baseball,” said Assemblyman Gary Pretlow (D-Westchester), who chairs the Racing and Wagering Committee.
Joe Torre, Girardi's predecessor as Yankees manager and MLB's chief baseball officer, will be pursuing the issue in Albany next week, Pretlow said.
Pretlow said MLB wants a “piece of the action” — a slice of the revenues from wagers on baseball games.
Both the National Basketball Association and MLB have suggested a 1 percent fee on all legal wagers on their games, Pretlow said.
A sports betting bill introduced last month by state Sen. John Bonacic (R-Orange County) includes a more modest fee of just 0.25 percent.
A clause in current state law gives four upstate casinos the right to offer betting on sports, if approved by Congress or the Supreme Court.. But the state Gaming Commission has to approve new rules before the first bet can be taken.
State lawmakers are also considering reviving sports betting parlors in the city following the demise of Off-Track Betting, which shut its facilities in 2010.
Girardi won World Series rings as both a Yankees manager and player.
By Josh Folck | For lehighvalleylive.com
Northwestern football team is hoping its running game makes more of an impact this season.
And coach Josh Snyder knows where success running the ball will start.
"We will need to get back on track running the football this season if we want to be successful. Much of that will depend on how a talented group of young linemen come together and operate as one unit," Snyder said.
The Tigers will also have to find a way to move on without lehighvalleylive All-Area first-team wide receiver Trevor Cunningham, who graduated from after setting school records in catches (52) and yards (1,108) last fall.
"You can never necessarily replace someone like that," Northwestern senior wide receiver/defensive back Phil Dangello said of Cunningham. "But we have a lot of receivers stepping up. And we also got a lot of running backs stepping up. We're going to be more two-dimensional this year."
JEDDAH: Al-Jadidah Arar border crossing between Saudi Arabia and Iraq, which has been closed for some 27 years, will soon reopen for trade following bilateral rapprochement, according to the Saudi Makkah Daily.
Iraqi pilgrims continued to use the crossing during the years of closure, while Saudi Arabia welcomed them and facilitated their pilgrimage.
In preparation for the crossing's inauguration, the Saudi chargé d'affaires in Baghdad, Abdul Aziz Al-Shammari, and the Iraqi ambassador in Riyadh, Rashidi Mahmoud Al-Ani, visited the Saudi Northern Borders Province and met its Gov. Prince Faisal bin Khalid in his office.
They toured the crossing facilities and talked to officials from both countries and Iraqi pilgrims. Al-Shammari told reporters that the Iraqi side is keen to cooperate.
JEDDAH: Al-Jadidah Arar border crossing between Saudi Arabia and Iraq, which has been closed for some 27 years, will soon reopen for trade following bilateral rapprochement, according to the Saudi Makkah Daily.
Iraqi pilgrims continued to use the crossing during the years of closure, while Saudi Arabia welcomed them and facilitated their pilgrimage.
In preparation for the crossing's inauguration, the Saudi chargé d'affaires in Baghdad, Abdul Aziz Al-Shammari, and the Iraqi ambassador in Riyadh, Rashidi Mahmoud Al-Ani, visited the Saudi Northern Borders Province and met its Gov. Prince Faisal bin Khalid in his office.
They toured the crossing facilities and talked to officials from both countries and Iraqi pilgrims. Al-Shammari told reporters that the Iraqi side is keen to cooperate.
For almost one week, Carmelo Anthony has been able to breathe a bit. Most of the talk around the Knicks concerned team legend Charles Oakley and his feud with team owner James Dolan. So talk of waiving no-trade clauses and potential deals was overshadowed. Until Tuesday.
But this came in the form of something Anthony may want to hear, as coach Jeff Hornacek claimed he does not foresee the Knicks making any moves before the deadline.
“Every year, I go toward the trade deadline, whether you are a player or coach, you always believe nothing's going to happen,” Hornacek said after practice Tuesday. “I think this is going to be our team. We have had good stretches, bad stretches. We are trying to build something here before we go into the break, so I anticipate we have the same team.”
Anthony agreed with Hornacek that what you see likely is what you'll have when the Knicks emerge from the Feb. 23 trading deadline.
“I think so. I really don't know what's being said or what's going on kind of behind the scene,” Anthony said after hearing Hornacek's bet on standing pat — which, of course, always is subject to change with one phone call. “Right now, this is the team that's going to be after the break, and that's what we have to look forward to.”
Anthony holds an ace in his hand: a full no-trade clause in his contract. The rumors have been plentiful with the Clippers, Cavaliers and Celtics mentioned most. All rumored, gossiped and speculated deals have been denied or shot down in one form or another.
Some saw a possible chance for desperation in Cleveland, where Kevin Love is lost for six weeks with a knee injury and subsequent surgery. Some around the league feel the Cavs, if indeed interested, might try to wait it out and hope for a bargain if the Knicks really are intent on moving Anthony, and he wants to play with buddy LeBron James and waives his no-trade. The Knicks haven't really driven up his value, either, with negative tweets and public criticisms from Phil Jackson.
The Cavs, before the injury, said Love was out of play. Sure, they could put together a package — with pieces such as Iman Shumpert, Channing Frye, Richard Jefferson or J.R. Smith. But because of past trades and rules against dealing back-to-back first-round picks, the Cavs' next available first-rounder would be in 2021.
Try selling that to Knicks fans, even with the anti-Anthony crowd. Figure fans would determine exactly how flame retardant the Garden is in about 30 seconds. So Anthony endures the next wave. Hey, he is used to it.
“I haven't seen anything like that, I don't think, ever,” Anthony said after being reminded of the laundry list of crazy around the Knicks this season. “The situation in the Garden, on top of what I've dealing with the team, it's been a lot. I said this before, it takes special people to deal with [it]. It's only here in New York. If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere. I believe that.”
And if you can do something truly radical, like just worry about basketball, life would be far better.
“I kind of came to grips with that fact that, for me, it's more about thinking playing ball and letting everything else kind of play out and play it's part and just go on from there. I've kind of put in my mind that that's the way it's going to be,” Anthony said, insisting he is “looking forward to Thursday” to clear his brain over the weeklong All-Star break.
But above all, one thing would clear his brain and make all the losing, rumors, tweets, injuries, MIA moments and outside noise of the season tolerable.
“Winning,” Anthony said. “We won the other night, which is only one game but you could kind of feel the tension leave for a couple hours after that win. And I think that's a feeling we want to get back to feeling, winning basketball. Regardless in sports, winning is the cure, and I think we have to realize that.”
1390 Saddle Rack St.
20 S 2nd St., #238
411 Park Ave., #327
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Downtown?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to locating an apartment in this San Jose neighborhood if you're on a budget of $2,400 / month. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)Read on for the listings.Listed at $2,395 / month, this 917-square-foot 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 1390 Saddle Rack St.In the unit, you can expect both air conditioning and central heating, a dishwasher, in-unit laundry, a walk-in closet and a balcony. The building offers garage parking, a swimming pool and a fitness center. One small dog is allowed in the unit.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, there's this 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom single-family home situated at 20 S 2nd St. It's also listed for $2,395 / month for its 887-square-feet of space.When it comes to building amenities, anticipate garage parking, a business center, outdoor space and a fitness center. In the unit, there are high ceilings, a dishwasher, hardwood floors, in-unit laundry, a balcony and stainless steel appliances. Cats and dogs aren't welcome.(Take a gander at the complete listing here .)Here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 411 Park Ave. that's going for $2,395 / month.In the unit, you'll get carpeting, a dishwasher, central heating, a balcony and ample cabinet space. When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site laundry, garage parking, a fitness center, an elevator and secured entry. Both cats and dogs are welcome.(Check out the complete listing here .)---
Mohamed Salah scored twice and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who added another to make it 5-0, before Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti struck in the space of four minutes late on, the latter from the penalty spot.
Roma must now match the exploits of its remarkable quarter-final comeback against Barcelona if it is to win the tie, when it came back from a 4-1 first-leg defeat to win through to the last four with a 3-0 win at Stadio Olimpico.
Liverpool was arguably second best in the opening half-hour but a blistering strike from Salah against his old club set Jurgen Klopp's side on its way.
Salah added a second just before the break, becoming the first Liverpool player to hit 10 in a single European campaign, before turning provider for Salah and Firmino as Roma failed miserably to deal with the hosts' attack.
Firmino nodded in the fifth from a routine set-piece but Eusebio Di Francesco's men snatched two away goals in the dying minutes to offer some hope of salvation.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: rainbowradioonline.com
2017-10-06
File Photo
The Judicial Service Staff Association of Ghana (JUSSAG), has threatened to declare a strike if government continues to delay the payment of rent allowances for its members.
President of JUSSAG Alex Nartey in an interview with Kwame Tutu said the outstanding allowance has been in arrears since January 2017.
According to him, if government fails to make the payment on or before October 19, 2017, the leadership of the Association will be forced to declare the industrial action to demand what is due JUSAG members.
Mr. Nartey indicated that the rent allowance entitled members is explicitly stated in their conditions of service, and has received approval of the Judicial Council.
This allowance has been outstanding since January 2017, and all efforts to receive payment have not yielded the needed response.
He warned that if their conditions are not met by October 19, they will embark on a strike action which they are enjoined to embark on.
He said they were told that they do not deserve the rent allowance adding, ‘'they think we don't deserve the rent allowance. The Chief Director at the Finance Ministry wrote to us saying we do not deserve to receive rent allowance.
Should we go and sleep in kiosks?
The cancellation has infuriated our members. He said the rent allowance which comprises 20 percent of their annual salary is handed over to them quarterly.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The tomb belonged to a top official in the royal palace during the end of the Fifth Dynasty
Archaeologists in Egypt have unveiled the newly discovered tomb of an ancient priestess that dates back 4,400 years.
The tomb found near Cairo is adorned with well-preserved and rare wall paintings depicting the priestess, Hetpet, in a variety of scenes.
Hetpet was a priestess to the goddess of fertility Hathor, who assisted women in childbirth.
It was found during excavations near the Great Pyramid of Giza, Egypt's antiquities ministry says.
This site, in Giza's western cemetery, housed officials from the Old Kingdom's Fifth Dynasty, some of which have already been dug up since 1842.
"We know of course that she was a high official and that she had a strong link with the royal palace," Egyptian Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said, describing Hetpet on Saturday.
Image copyright AFP
The tomb "has the architectural style and the decorative elements of the Fifth Dynasty, with an entrance leading to an 'L' shaped shrine," the ministry said.
The wall paintings inside were in "a very good conservation condition depicting Hetpet standing in different hunting and fishing scenes or... receiving offerings from her children".
You might also be interested in:
Scenes of music and dancing performances, as well as monkeys featured as domestic animals were also depicted.
One wall painting shows a monkey dancing in front of an orchestra.
Image copyright EPA
"Such scenes are rare... and have only been found previously in the (Old Kingdom) tomb of 'Ka-Iber' where a painting shows a monkey dancing in front of a guitarist not an orchestra," Mostafa Waziri of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, told AFP news agency.
Minister Anani said he was hopeful of further discoveries at the site, which is located about 20km (12 miles) south of Cairo.
"We're going to continue digging in this area and I believe that very soon we're going to discover something."
Take 5 with Father: returning the gift
by Susan Moses
North Texas Catholic
18 hours ago
Father Nghia Nguyen (NTC photo/Jayme Shedenhelm)
He is: Father Nghia Nguyen, parochial vicar of St. John the Apostle Parish in North Richland Hills and a vocations liaison for the Diocese of Fort Worth.
The gift of life: Born four months premature at barely two pounds, Fr. Nguyen had several brushes with death in his first days. He has always felt God saved his life for a reason.
Faithful family: The second of five children of Vietnamese immigrants, his mother took them to daily Mass. The family prayed and sang each evening, including a hymn to St. Martin de Porres, to whom the family prayed for intercession during Fr. Nguyen's early hospitalization. Along with his two brothers, Fr. Nguyen became an altar server beginning at age seven at Christ the King Parish in Fort Worth.
The call: At a Confirmation retreat, “I remember telling God, you gave me the gift of life; my gift to you is my life. I'll do whatever you want me to do.” After his freshman year of high school, he left home and entered the high school discernment program with the Congregation of the Mother of the Redeemer in Carthage, Missouri, where his uncle was a priest.
To the diocese: After completing high school, prayer and priestly counsel led him to return to Fort Worth and begin formation to become a diocesan priest.
The special day: Fr. Nguyen was ordained May 21, 2016, and his parents were “excited, elated.” In Vietnamese culture, the father and mother of a priest receive an honorary title, Ông Cố and Bà Cố, equivalent to great grandparents, to indicate that a priest is the father of many.
Best thing about being a priest: Celebrating the sacraments. “The sacrament of Reconciliation is probably the most joyful. . . . When you see the people yearning for Christ's mercy and love . . . it's a joy to speak on behalf of Christ, to absolve them of their sins on behalf of the Church.”
Baptism is “always fun and joyful,” and his knack for keeping babies quiet and calm during the sacrament has earned him the nickname of “the baby whisperer.”
School days: Fr. Nguyen frequently visits classrooms at St. John the Apostle Catholic School, where he's not afraid to tackle tough questions ranging from theology to algebra.
Hobbies: Target shooting, reading science fiction, and cooking. Fr. Nguyen began cooking for his family in his youth, and his Vietnamese fried rice, crème brûlée, and bread pudding earn rave reviews.
Quiet time: Fr. Nguyen heads to his office at 7 each morning to pray and read Scripture before the day begins. His devotion to Mary began during his years with the Congregation of the Mother of the Redeemer, who along with St. John Paul II taught him “to see Mary as my mother. She leads me always towards Christ.”
He enjoys reading about the early Church, recommending The Desert Fathers by Helen Waddell. “The early Church's spirituality still rings true today. They were struggling with how to overcome vices and practice the virtues that God gives.”
The takeaway: “We can teach others to love because God loves us first. We as Christians and Catholics can practice that, to love as God loves us.”
Meet Father Nghia Nguyen, who always felt God saved his life for a reason. Now the parochial vicar of St. John the Apostle Parish in North Richland Hills, he has earned the nickname, "the baby whisperer."
Published
Why it matters to you Here's a good indication that PC builders can get $1,000 performance from an upcoming $380 AMD Ryzen processor.
AMD is aiming to bring high-priced performance to processors with a smaller cost due to the huge gains stemming from its Zen processor architecture in its new Ryzen CPUs. We recently saw a leaked roadmap of what AMD intends to sell regarding its Ryzen processor family next month, and now we have a leaked benchmark of the high-end R7 1700X chip.
As we saw last week, the R7 1700X processor will be an eight-core 16-thread chip that will compete with Intel's Core i7-7700K CPU. The processor's benchmark went live on Passmark on Tuesday, which consisted of an entry-level MSI A320 AM4 motherboard (which can't be used to overclock), and 16GB of DDR4 memory clocked at 2,400MHz. The chip was shown to have a base clock speed of 3.4GHz and a turbo clock speed of 3.8GHz.
The benchmark compared AMD's unannounced processor against the following CPUs:
Intel Core i7-6900K @ 3.2GHz ($1,089)
Intel Core i7-5960X @ 3.0GHz ($1,000)
Intel Core i7-6800K @ 3.4GHz ($434)
Intel core i7-7700K @ 4.2GHz ($339)
AMD FX-8350 ($150)
Out of eight tests, the Ryzen chip outperformed all the others in five: Integer Math, Floating Point Math, Sorting, Encryption, and Extended Instructions (SSE). It fell into fourth place in the Prime Numbers test, fourth place in the Physics test, and second place in the Compression test. The big takeaway here is that the Ryzen CPU outperformed Intel's two $1,000 processors in those five tests while outperforming the Core i7-5960X processor in the Compression test … at nearly half the cost.
More: AMD optimizes ‘For Honor' in the latest Radeon Software Crimson ReLive update
AMD's R7 1700X processor will reportedly be priced at a mere $381.72. Even more, the R7 1800X will supposedly cost $490.29 and the R7 1700 will cost $316.59. This should not only bode well for AMD in the mainstream desktop sector, but the enterprise and server markets too due to Ryzen's low cost, low power consumption, and its performance in the Integer Math and Encryption tests.
Ultimately, the AMD R7 1700X chip scored a CPU Mark of 15,084. Here's the chip compared to the others:
Processor CPU Mark Score Intel Core i7-6900K 16,475 Intel Core i7-5960X 15,615 AMD R7 1700X 15,084 Intel Core i7-6800K 13,356 Intel core i7-7700K 11,654 AMD FX-8350 9,278
As the scores show, AMD's upcoming $382 processor isn't too far behind Intel's two $1,000 chips. Of course, this likely won't be AMD's fastest Ryzen chip on the market, as that is expected to be the R7 1800X model for a heftier $490. Still, if the R7 1800X matches the Core i7-6900K's performance, that's half the cost for mainstream desktop customers.
Finally, here are the results of Passmark's single-threaded performance test:
Processor CPU Single Threaded Intel Core i7-7700K 2,343 Intel core i7-6900K 2,095 AMD R7 1700X 2,046 Intel Core i7-6800K 1,975 Intel Core i7-5960X 1,964 AMD FX-8350 1,496
AMD is expected to launch four eight-core Ryzen processors next month under the R7 label ranging in cost between $319 and $500. There will be three six-core R5 units, three four-core R5 units, and three four-core R3 units as well.
Interested in Weather? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Thousands remain without electricity across the Deep South days after a winter snow storm snapped power lines across the region.
At least 18,500 homes and businesses in Georgia were still in the dark Monday according to Georgia Power and Georgia Electric Membership Corporation. Metro Atlanta got several inches of snow Friday and Saturday, while some areas farther north saw up to a foot of snowfall.
Utilities in Louisiana reported at least 1,000 customers were still waiting for power to be restored. Mississippi had about 700 outages. Alabama Power says it has restored all storm-related outages.
Several school systems closed Monday in Georgia because of a lingering threat of icy road conditions.
The unusually heavy December snow storm brought flurries to New Orleans and dumped several inches in Mississippi and Alabama.
My big, fab romantic Grecian honeymoon After an afternoon strolling the marble-lined streets of Oia — the quaint town at the top of the Greek island Santorini — we notice the crowd swell. The further north...
What bust? Greece's ancient capital is back in bloom On a Tuesday evening in Athens, the ground floor lounge of the Salon de Bricolage, the city's first membership club, was comfortably packed with a mix of collectors, artists, politicians...
Bill and Gayle Cook, the co-founders of medical-device maker Cook Group, passed ownership of the company to their son, Carl, to avoid estate taxes before Bill Cook's death in 2011,...
They've got an underground following.
The rescuers working to save the Thai youth soccer team trapped in a cave have become sex symbols in Thailand, according to a new report.
Chief among the heartthrobs is dreamy 19-year-old volunteer translator Somjet “Jet” Sae-zhang, whose images have gone viral on social media, according to local news site Khaosod English.
“Now that the boys are found … I want to fangirl about this interpreter, but wasn't sure if it was appropriate,” one Instagram user wrote alongside a video of him interpreting near the cave where 12 young soccer players and their coach are trapped by floodwaters, according to the news outlet.
Sae-zhang, who sports a bad-boy earring and fingerless gloves, has racked up more than 98,000 followers on Instagram.
Fans are also sharing homemade music videos featuring images of the rescuers, who have become fixtures of Thai television as residents sit glued to coverage of the rescue effort unfolding in the northern city of Chiang Rai.
“Not only are your faces handsome, your hearts are handsome too,” reads the caption of one Instagram video featuring Sae-zhang and other young volunteers, according to Khaosod.
Photos of hunky US Air Force troops helping to extract the boys from the cave are also popular — while Air Force Capt. Jessica Tait, the on-camera face of the American contingent, has become a familiar image in Thailand, the news outlet reports.
Bites A New Orleans Restaurant Offers Creativity Between Bread Slices At Turkey and the Wolf, standard lunchbox fare is just a launching pad for the high-flying imaginings of a merry band of inventors. Image The fried bologna sandwich at Turkey and the Wolf in New Orleans. Credit Sara Essex Bradley for The New York Times
Plenty of people regularly ate sandwiches as kids. But few, if any, have spun that experience into culinary gold like Mason Hereford, whose restaurant Turkey and the Wolf in New Orleans was lauded by Bon Appétit as America's best new restaurant in 2017.
“I sure enough ate my share,” said Mr. Hereford, 31, who grew up Charlottesville, Va., before moving to New Orleans in 2008 and working his way from line cook to chef de cuisine at Coquette, a respected contemporary Southern bistro. “But it wasn't until I came to this city of po' boys that I began to consider the creative potential of a sandwich.”
Sandwiches are the stars at this 40-seat, no-reservation restaurant with street-front patio seating for 25 more, a former barbecue joint and a wings shop in the Irish Channel neighborhood. Inside, cinder block walls are painted sea-foam green and décor runs to thrift store whimsy. Patrons order at the counter and eat at sundry chrome dinettes off mismatched dishes (including plastic Disney plates), seasoning their food with kitschy vintage salt and pepper shakers.
But to call Turkey and the Wolf a sandwich shop is misleading. Standard lunchbox fare is just a launching pad for the high-flying imaginings of Mr. Hereford and his team, a merry band of inventors whose professional cooking chops are on view in the crowded but supremely orderly open kitchen. Over the course of two different lunches, friends and I grazed through much of the small, changing menu, which includes cocktails with enigmatic names like the bourbon-based They Grow Up Slow Fast and My Mom Blacks Out Better Than Yours, featuring pecan vodka and mulled wine.
Image Counter seating at Turkey and the Wolf. Credit Sara Essex Bradley for The New York Times
Given the reports of lines out the door, our wait to order and sit was surprisingly short — probably thanks to a pipe-bursting freeze that had settled on the city. The collard green melt on rye wowed us with its marriage of tender, braised greens, crunchy slaw, gooey Swiss cheese and spicy pickled cherry pepper dressing. Lemony yogurt and cucumbers brightened a roti filled with deeply seasoned, slow-cooked lamb neck meat, while a crazy-looking sandwich of nicely chewy, fried bologna soared on the crisp vinegar-brined potato chips, melted American cheese and hot mustard also layered between its two thick slices of buttered-and-griddled white bread (baked by a friend of the chef).
On the “Not Sandwiches” side of the menu, which included deviled eggs garnished with fried chicken skin and an Alp-sized wedge salad, the fried potpie, plump with herb-infused, moist chicken and paired with a tarragon-buttermilk sauce, disappeared quickly.
According to Mr. Hereford, coming up with new dishes is a collaboration, and nothing appears on the menu until it's been tinkered with and tasted up to 20 times by the kitchen staff. “We're looking to create a fun vibe here, to be a place that doesn't take itself too seriously,” he said. “But that doesn't mean we don't take our food seriously.”
Turkey and the Wolf, 739 Jackson Avenue; 504-218-7428; turkeyandthewolf.com. An average meal for two, minus drinks and tip, is about $35.
Get the Travel Dispatch Newsletter Every Saturday, get travel tips, destination coverage, photos from all over the world and more. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Video
More than 2,000 Russian women who lived under the Islamic State group have disappeared.
Newsnight's Tim Whewell reports from Russia and Iraq on a mystery that's left many desperate relatives in limbo.
Chrome OS version 64 has made its way to stable channel, which means it's hitting your device very, very soon if it hasn't yet. It'll add a handful of new features and improvements, including a screenshot shortcut if you have a Chromebook with a 360-degree hinge like the Acer Spin. You only have to press the power and the volume down buttons at the same time, like what you'd do on an Android phone. It also adds a flag to make Split View easier to activate and gives Android apps the ability to run in the background. In addition, the update improves your lockscreen's performance, presumably making it faster, and finally enables the use of VPN for apps downloaded from Google Play.
Sam Curran has been drafted into the England squad as cover for Ben Stokes.
Stokes is suffering with a tight left hamstring ahead of the second Test against Pakistan at Headingley, which starts on Friday.
Surrey all-rounder Curran will train with his team-mates on Thursday and could make his Test debut, following in the footsteps of older brother Tom, who made two appearances during the Ashes series - taking two wickets - but has not featured in the five-day format since.
Stokes sustained his hamstring strain during fielding practice on Wednesday and will be assessed by the England medical team on Thursday.
Pakistan won the first Test of the two-match series by nine wickets at Lord's.
So you want to give a gift card to a gamer. How do you know which gift card is the best one to get for your giftee? Whether you're considering a present well in advance or standing in Best Buy scratching your head, ExtremeTech is here to cut through the confusion. We'll start with general-purpose gift cards that can be used across platforms, and then discuss options for specific platforms and games.
Chances are very good that your lucky giftee's favorite game is part of a gaming ecosystem that accepts VISA or MasterCard in exchange for game time, DLC, characters, skins or other such content. If you don't know what game or platform they particularly love, or if all you have is that they're a “gamer,” you can always grab an Amazon or Best Buy gift card — and they come in physical and digital forms.
Now, here are some more specific options.
Console gaming
There's nothing quite like the feel of a controller in your hands, and whether you're a PlayStation purist or the type who has one of every console since the Atari 2600, the appeal just never seems to fade. So get your giftee something that will definitely work. Xbox, PlayStation Store, or Nintendo eShop gift cards are the official options for their respective systems, supported by their customer service departments. Especially useful for kids, when you don't necessarily want them having access to a credit card number to make in-game purchases.
Mobile gaming
For those who love to game on their phone or tablet, you can pick up a Google Play gift card if your giftee is an Android user, or an Apple iTunes gift card for those who have iOS devices. These gift cards cover the purchase of apps as well as in-app purchases.
Steam
If your giftee plays a lot of Half-Life, Don't Starve, Terraria, or Skyrim, they might love it if you threw some bucks in their Steam wallet. Steam is the dominant digital platform through which PC gamers can buy and play games and their DLC, as well as the point-of-access for all Valve-developed software. In the Steam marketplace, you can make purchases that draw from your Steam wallet, or you can also just pay for things using your VISA or MasterCard at the point of purchase. To reload someone else's Steam wallet, you can give them a physical Steam gift card. Or, if you're friends with them on Steam, you can top up their wallet from within the client by entering their username.
Blizzard
Blizzard games are handled by the Blizzard store, from which you can pay for monthly access to Hearthstone, Overwatch, Starcraft, World of Warcraft and others, along with their skins, DLC, pets, mounts and whatnot. It used to be Battle.net, but Blizzard recently rebranded and dropped that label. Even so, some secondary retailers like Amazon are still calling the gift cards Battle.net gift cards.
WoW is unique in that you can redeem time spent in gameplay toward more gameplay, even though you have to pay for a subscription to play. How? Gold earned by a player in-game can be redeemed for tokens. The exact price of tokens varies depending on how many are currently available and how robust trading as been in the recent past. Blizzard hasn't formally divulged the formula they use for adjusting token price. Those tokens can in turn be redeemed in the Blizzard store for a certain number of days of WoW gameplay.
League of Legends
League is free to play. You can level up the whole way, unlock every champion, and even play in the ranked division, all for $0. But if you want to make your pixels extra pretty, players can pay with real dollars for Riot points (RP) to buy skins for their champions.
You can get League of Legends gift cards at Amazon, and redeem cards and codes in the store, accessible through the client. Right now you get between 5 and 10% bonus RP for buying or gifting RP directly from Riot within the client, so that method is still the best value as of spring 2017; this is the only time I found a meaningful difference in redemption value between buying a code directly and buying a card from a retailer.
League also accepts a range of gift cards from other retailers, although at discounted value, through their participation in a program called Openbucks. This means you can redeem gift cards from Subway, CVS and the Dollar General for RP in League. While it may seem strange to mention Gaia Online in the same sentence as League and Star Trek Online, they've all participated in this network of fungible gift cards.
Minecraft
There are a few different ways to play Minecraft — locally, in a world you do or don't share with other humans, or on a multiplayer server called a Realm. To play Minecraft, you need to buy the game; there are conveniently denominated “one Minecraft” gift cards for the $26.95 price. But you can also use those “one Minecraft” gift cards toward the monthly cost of the Realms you share with your friends.
Runescape
Who can forget Runescape? Gift cards for Jagex, the studio that published Runescape, can be had anywhere these other cards are sold.
What games did we miss? Let us know in the comments.
OTTAWA — The federal Liberals are set to tighten restrictions on the sale of guns under proposed legislation to be introduced as early as today.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale is expected to fulfil a Liberal election platform promise to enhance background checks for anyone buying a handgun or other restricted firearm.
The government has said it has no interest in building another national long-gun registry.
But the proposed law, set to be introduced in the House of Commons, would require gun vendors to keep records of all firearms sales and inventories to aid police investigations of gun trafficking and other firearms-related offences.
It would also require gun purchasers to present a valid licence.
The bill could spark a battle with the Opposition as it would repeal some measures passed by the previous Conservative government.
The Liberals had already earmarked more than $327 million over five years and $100 million in each subsequent year, to help authorities crack down on criminal gun and gang activities.
24By7Security, Inc., prominent Cybersecurity and Compliance company named on Top 10 Healthcare IT Security Solution Providers – 2017 by Healthcare Tech Outlook magazine.
Coral Springs, USA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
24By7Security, Inc. a well-known Cybersecurity and Compliance services provider has been announced as part of the Top 10 Healthcare IT Security Solution Providers for 2017, in the list published by Healthcare Tech Outlook magazine. The publication recognizes pioneering steps taken by 24By7Security, Inc. in the Cybersecurity and Compliance areas for healthcare, and the work done by the company in assessing and assisting build HIPAA-compliant IT infrastructure to help protect healthcare entities from Cybersecurity threats. The article quotes Sanjay Deo, President of 24By7Security, Inc. in the overall process and recommendations that the company follows in completing HIPAA risk assessments, and in designing actionable programs after an in-depth analysis of the customer's infrastructure, location of data, policies and processes.
“The healthcare industry is particularly susceptible to Cybersecurity threats and compliance requirements. We are pleased with this significant honor,” says Rema Deo, Managing Director of 24By7Security, Inc. 24By7Security, Inc. has been in business for over 4 years now, and we attribute the company's success to a small but well credentialed and experienced team of Cybersecurity and Compliance specialists. The company has not only made a mark in healthcare but has also expanded its reach to other industries such as finance, retail, hospitality and others.
For media inquiries regarding 24By7Security, Inc. individuals are encouraged to contact the company via email at contact@24By7Security.com or via Twitter @24By7Security. To learn more about the company, visit www.24By7Security.com.
About 24By7Security, Inc.
24By7Security, Inc. is a full service Cybersecurity strategy, implementation, operations and training firm. Our leadership consists of Cybersecurity experts with hands-on experience and have served in various capacities such as Chief Information Officer (CIO), Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and active-duty top-secret roles. We provide various Cybersecurity consulting services for multiple industries nation-wide. In addition to general Cybersecurity experience, we are experts in regulatory compliance requirements for HIPAA/ HITECH, FFIEC, FIPA, FERPA, GLBA, PCI-DSS, NY State Cybersecurity Regulations, SOX, NIST-CSF, ISO/IEC 27001 and CFPB/ DFA. We provide Cybersecurity-related services like Security Risk Assessments, Vulnerability Assessments, Penetration Testing, Part-time CISO services, Part-time HIPAA Security Officer services, Policies and Procedure, Social Engineering Testing, HIPAA and Security Awareness Testing programs, Data Breach assessments, Incident Response planning and management services and forensics and recovery. We work with the areas of Strategy, Internal Audit Support, Assessments, Remediation and Training. Our goal is to avoid unnecessary risk to businesses and prevent the next generation of threats that could undermine the stability of companies.
An Oregon mom accused of repeatedly stabbing her 6-year-old son told police that “he deserved it,” according to officials.
Nemoria Villagomez, 34, appeared in court Tuesday after allegedly impaling her son six times with a steak knife at a Newport home, according to the police department.
Authorities said the young boy was covered in blood and ran to a neighbor's apartment for help Monday evening, claiming his mom stabbed him.
The neighbors called 911 and officers responded to the scene, where police said they found a steak knife and blood smeared on the walls.
“They found quite a bit of blood on the kitchen floor so they kept calling out, calling out, didn't get anybody,” Newport Police Chief Jason Meloy told news station KGW-TV.
Detectives searched the home and located the mom of two in her bedroom with a 14-month-old child.
Police said Villagomez confessed to “cutting her son” and claimed that “he deserved it,” according to court documents obtained by KGW-TV.
The 6-year-old boy was airlifted to a Portland hospital with life-threatening injuries that included a punctured liver, lung and a deep stab wound on his chin. Police said he was in good condition Tuesday and expected to be released soon.
Her 14-month-old was examined at a local hospital and placed in the care of child protective services.
Villagomez was booked at Lincoln County Jail on charges for attempted murder, assault and criminal mistreatment. She is scheduled to appear next in court June 5 to face the charges.
A residency requirement for college students seeking free tuition at New York's public colleges is drawing criticism. Gov. Andrew Cuomo defended the late addition to the plan, approved as part of the state budget earlier this month.
WBFO Albany Correspondent Karen DeWitt reports.
Cuomo proudly touted the free tuition program for some middle-class students passed in the week-late state budget, appearing with former first lady and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at LaGuardia Community College in Queens on April 12.
Clinton advocated for free tuition in her campaign after the idea was first proposed by her rival, Democratic Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Cuomo said when it became clear that there would not be a Democratic president or a federal plan for free tuition, he thought New York state should offer it.
“No child will be denied college because they can't afford it,” Cuomo told the cheering crowd.
Students still have to pay for their room and board, which on average is twice the cost of tuition per year, and will have to graduate in four years, caveats made clear when Cuomo first announced the plan back in January.
But until the measure was approved, no mention was made of a residency requirement. The plan now requires students who agree to accept the free tuition to promise to live in the state for four years after graduation, or they have to pay the money back.
That provision brought blowback from, among others, New York Times columnist David Brooks, who called it the “worst public policy idea of the year,” saying it could reduce a graduate's lifetime earnings if they are prevented for several years from taking a more lucrative job in another state. A Times editorial also critiqued the plan.
An editorial by the Albany Times Union called the requirement “indentured citizenship” and said the residency requirement should be scrapped in favor of doing more to build up better-paying jobs in upstate New York and more affordable housing downstate so that college graduates would have more incentives to remain in the state.
Cuomo was asked about the criticism at the annual Easter egg hunt at the governor's mansion on Saturday.
“Obviously, I disagree,” Cuomo said. “Public colleges should be open to the public, and ideally they should be free.”
Cuomo did not really address the substance of the arguments. Instead, sounding more like President Donald Trump than the Democrats Clinton and Sanders that Cuomo said he wanted to emulate, the governor took a swipe at the New York Times.
“I haven't seen an editorial endorsement in the Times that actually represented what happened in an election in a long time,” Cuomo said.
The governor also accused the Times of being against politicians in the Cuomo family.
“If you were to read the Times editorial, my father wouldn't be governor, I wouldn't be governor once, let alone re-elected,” Cuomo said.
The New York Times endorsed both Cuomo and his father, Mario Cuomo, for governor during their multiple election campaigns.
E.J. McMahon, with the fiscal watchdog group the Empire Center, has worked in and out of government for decades, including under former Gov. George Pataki. McMahon said he doesn't believe it's inherently wrong to require a residency commitment in exchange for the tuition.
But he said larger problems with the plan are the numerous unintended consequences — including income requirements — that he said were never thoroughly thought through.
“Of all the important changes in public policy we've seen enacted in New York, perhaps in living memory, this one is the most significant change to have received virtually no serious study or debate,” McMahon said. “And that's really saying something, given the way Albany operates.”
McMahon said it seems as though Cuomo got the idea for free tuition, then worked backward.
“This has all the earmarks of something that was simply reverse engineered from the headline the governor wanted to see,” McMahon said.
According to Cuomo's budget office, students who receive the free tuition and decide to live elsewhere after graduation would not have to pay any interest on the money they owe. The state's Higher Education Services Corporation is working out the rules in the coming weeks.
And according to a SUNY spokeswoman, 83 percent of public college graduates already remain in the state after they receive their degree, so the potential number of students affected by the residency requirement would be relatively small.
JAKARTA, Indonesia — About 10,000 people rallied Sunday outside the U.S. Embassy in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta to denounce President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Similar protests, mostly organized by the Islamist Prosperous Justice Party, or PKS, also were held in many other cities in Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country.
The protests were the third and biggest in Indonesia since Trump's decision on Thursday.
In the capital, protesters carried banners reading “U.S. Embassy, Get Out from Al Quds,” “Free Jerusalem and Palestinians” and “We are with the Palestinians.” Al-Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem.
Wearing traditional Islamic white robes, the protesters also unfurled Indonesian and Palestinian flags.
A written statement from PKS described Trump's decision as “a form of humiliation and provocation against Muslims all over the world.”
It said similar and simultaneous protests also were held Sunday in at least 10 provincial capitals and cities across Indonesia.
Earlier in the day, another group, calling itself Indonesia's Volunteers Society, held a similar rally in Jakarta, hundreds of meters (yards) from the embassy.
Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo has strongly condemned Trump's move, which he described as a violation of U.N. resolutions.
Indonesia has long been a strong supporter of Palestinians and has no diplomatic ties with Israel.
We need terrifying true crime stories on TV – like the BBC's depiction of the Rochdale sex scandal – for a better society, argues Alison Graham
There's a heartbreaking scene – one of many – in Three Girls, based on the Rochdale child abuse scandal, where a blank-eyed, fragile, underage girl describes to the police how she was systematically raped by different men.
Advertisement
“You are passed around like a ball. They get your number… then there's like 50 people you don't know ringing you.” All of these calls are demands for sex.
Nicole Taylor's harrowing story shows young girls being picked up from school in their abusers' taxis, being plied with drink and cheap takeaways before being taken to derelict buildings to be assaulted. Then they are left to make their own way back to whatever they call home. If they are “lucky” they might be handed the odd grubby tenner.
I can understand that the prospect of three hours of such remorseless bleakness might be offputting (it's broadcast Tuesday to Thursday on BBC1). But Three Girls provides a proper, valuable public service, shining halogen-bright lights into one of Britain's most fetid corners.
This is what true-crime dramas – if they are careful and sensitive – can do so brilliantly. We've all seen and read coverage of the court cases into not just the Rochdale abuse ring, but also the murder of 11-year-old Rhys Jones (Little Boy Blue, which ended on ITV on Monday), the Fred and Rosemary West murders (Appropriate Adult), the hoax kidnapping of Shannon Matthews (The Moorside) and the Ipswich prostitute killings (Five Daughters).
Some of us are old enough to remember our mums warning us not to go out to play on the waste ground near our houses during the hunt for and subsequent trial of the Moors Murderers, Ian Brady and Myra Hindley, dramatised in 2006 for See No Evil: the Moors Murderers.
We know the bald facts of all of these infamous crimes, but what a good dramatisation does is give a story emotion and dimension. Court cases are all foreground, true crime dramas give us background.
We get to “see” the victims, people like young Rhys Jones, and the girls in Three Girls, who were perhaps once filled with hope and happiness. Until someone came and snuffed out the light.
In Little Boy Blue we go home with Rhys's broken parents, Mel and Steve, as their marriage starts to crumble under the weight of a grief they simply don't know what to do with. “I don't know if I love you any more, I can't feel anything,” says Mel (Sinead Keenan). You don't get that in court cases.
Both of them can do little except sit in their dead football-mad son's bedroom and will themselves to be close to the child that has gone for ever, taken from them by a bullet fired across a pub car park.
It's that sense of emptiness, of now hollow lives that can never be properly filled again, that good true crime dramas show us. Similarly, anger at a judicial system that fails those it's meant to protect is rarely aired in court. But in Three Girls sexual health worker Sara Rowbotham (the splendid Maxine Peake) explodes into fury when police decide, at last, to take a serious interest in allegations of child grooming by gangs of largely British-Pakistani men.
Why should the girls say anything to detectives when they've been trapped in a cycle of “raped… beaten… not believed… raped… beaten… not believed,” yells Rowbotham in the face of a complacent cop.
Advertisement
It's these hinterlands we rarely hear about that make good true-crime dramas so valuable. We need them.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - Memphis has signed forward Kyvon Davenport out of Georgia Highlands College as the Tigers continue restocking their roster after losing their top three scorers from this season to transfers. Davenport, who is 6-foot-8, averaged 16.5 points, 10.5 rebounds and 3 blocks for Georgia Highlands this season. His 101 total blocks ranked fourth among National Junior College Athletic Association players. Davenport is the second junior-college prospect to sign with Memphis over the last week. Dedric Lawson, K.J. Lawson and Markel Crawford are leaving Memphis after averaging a combined 44.3 points and 22.4 rebounds this season. The Lawson brothers say they're transferring to Kansas .
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The Tennessee Titans have released cornerback Jason McCourty after eight seasons with the franchise, and a few days after the veteran shared the news himself on social media. The Titans announced the move Monday, the first day of the team's offseason program. McCourty was due $7 million for the final season of his contract. The three-time captain started 90 games and had 13 interceptions in his tenure as a sixth-round pick out of Rutgers in 2009.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) -- The Kentucky Derby Festival has announced the bridge closure schedule for Thunder Over Louisville, the fireworks show that kicks off local activities leading up to the Run for the Roses. A statement from the festival says the Clark Memorial Bridge connecting Louisville, Kentucky to southern Indiana will close Thursday at 9:30 a.m. and reopen on Sunday at 2 p.m. In addition, the Big Four Pedestrian Bridge will be closed from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Friday and on Saturday beginning at 9 a.m. Thunder Over Louisville, which typically features an air show in the afternoon and fireworks over the Ohio River after sunset, will be held on Saturday. The Kentucky Derby is May 6.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There are 30 head-coaching jobs in the NHL, and they are the most coveted coaching jobs in hockey. Doug Weight now has one of them with the Islanders, and as appreciative as he is for the opportunity, he doesn't know how much he wants it.
“Do I want it? Every two weeks you guys should ask me that, because I'll tell you how I'm feeling,” Weight told The Post before his debut on Thursday night, a 3-0 win over the Stars at Barclays Center that began his run as the interim coach following Jack Capuano's firing on Tuesday. “I want to win tonight, I want to help our organization, I want to help our owners, our fans, our players. I want them to have success.
“Listen, I want to have success for me, too. I'm interested to see how much I love it. I love coaching, I love the game. I have the same passion as when I played. I don't want to lose, I'm prepared, and I know the game. So I feel good about what it is.”
It's difficult to find somebody inside or outside of hockey who has met Weight and doesn't like him. For the first three years of his career, Isles captain John Tavares lived with the Weight family, and you can hear the affection in Tavares' voice when he calls him “Dougie.”
“A couple of us played with Dougie,” Tavares reminded everyone Thursday. “He's been around as an assistant coach and upper management as well over the last number of years. It's a good familiarity there.”
Since Weight retired following the 2010-11 season, his life has been a self-described “whirlwind.” The kid out of Warren, Mich., was drafted by the Rangers in the second round (No. 34 overall) in 1990, and scored 23 goals in parts of two seasons on Broadway before being traded to the Oilers for Esa Tikkanen. He played 19 seasons, adding the Hurricanes, Ducks, Blues and finally the Islanders to the list of teams he called his own. He won a Stanley Cup in Carolina in 2006, and he was named the 12th captain in Islanders history before the 2009 season.
Lingering injuries forced him to retire, and he finished with 1,033 points, now the seventh-most by an American-born player in NHL history. He was inducted in the US Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.
And when Weight retired, old pal Garth Snow, who himself was plucked right off the bench to be the team's general manager in 2006, hired Weight as an assistant coach and special adviser to the GM. No tryout, no minors, no time to spend a year traveling. Weight was later named assistant GM, a title that, honestly, means a lot more in other organizations.
Because how many assistant GMs in the league do you think wouldn't know their organization had asked for and was granted permission to speak to another coach (recently fired Panthers headman Gerard Gallant), even while the current coach (Capuano) was in place?
“Cro has a good saying,” Weight said, referring to assistant coach Greg Cronin. “‘My elevator doesn't go to that high of a floor.' Mine goes pretty high; it doesn't go that far.
“But what do I think of it? It's certainly in my business, but it's not my business,” he continued. “I'm here to coach. That's for you guys to ask Garth, or you guys to decide. But let's not be foolish: This league, things have changed. Social media, ownership — they're paying half-a-billion dollars for franchises. People are going to have some say throughout this league, and they have for many years. But things are a lot more leaky now than they used to be.”
Snow made it clear Capuano would not be the coach next season, and he acted as if he were doing him a favor by firing him before starting a coaching search in earnest. (You know, minus the Gallant thing.) It's tough to know if Weight is a legitimate candidate for the full-time job, but in the second half of this season — assuming he gets all of it — he could change a few minds. If not Snow's, then at least around the league.
Of course, that's only if Weight wants to be a head coach.
“Did I pursue it? Did I ask about it? Did I say, ‘Hey, if anything happens. . .' I've never had one conversation regarding it,” Weight said. “I think Garth is very hands-on, he sees us, he knows me. We're close, we've known each other for six years, so he knows what he's getting in me. He knows I'm prepared. He knows I'm a professional. He knows I know the game. But was there any rumblings prior to two days ago when I got the phone call? Zero.
“So, that's a whirlwind for me, too, right?”
And now we'll see where Doug Weight lands.
Shaw-shank
At some point, you have to just shrug and realize some guys will never get it. One of them is Andrew Shaw, who, having just come back from a concussion, nailed the Rangers' Jesper Fast with an awful blindside hit this past Saturday in Montreal. Shaw had to answer in a fight with J.T. Miller, and was eventually thrown out the game.
But no suspension came down, likely because Fast stayed in the game. (Coincidently, Fast is now likely out until after the All-Star break with an “upper-body” injury, which occurred late in Tuesday's wild 7-6 loss to the Stars.) Shaw has a history of bad hits, not to mention his “anti-gay” remark from last April. He also has very little control over his temper. Some guys, man, some guys.
Say Hey, Willie O'Ree
One of the more under-appreciated pioneers in sports is Willie O'Ree, who became the first black player in the NHL when he debuted with the Bruins in January 1958. That was more than a year earlier than the baseball team of that town, the Red Sox, infamously became the last in the MLB to have a black player, adding Pumpsie Green in July 1959.
O'Ree was honored before a Kings game in a game in Los Angeles on Martin Luther King Day. Now 81 years old and the league's director of youth development and an ambassador for the NHL's diversity program, O'Ree relayed a strong message.
“When I get up in the morning and look into the mirror, I don't see a black man or a brown man. I just see a man,” O'Ree said, according to the Los Angeles Times. “Basically, that's what these fans have to [see]. They're just another hockey player.”
Stay tuned …
… to the All-Star festivities! Can't you feel the excitement building for next weekend in Los Angeles? After actually finding a way to make it interesting with the 3-on-3 tournament — not to mention the John Scott debacle-turned-darling — the league is now tamping down the fun by eliminating the Breakaway Challenge. What brought us Brent Burns as Chewbacca and Johnny Gaudreau as a toy is now being replaced by long-distance shooting, like you see at intermissions. Welp, don't let a good thing last too long!
Parting shot
Of all the players to be at the top of the list for best goal of the year … Andreas Athanasiou? Well, the Red Wings forward showed his speed and skill, and this might be the prettiest goal of the first half.
About six months ago, Taylor Swift and her main girl-posse in “Bad Blood” were the coolest kids on the block. Lately, they have failed to impress. T-Swift recently unveiled a...
Using a broom to bang on the wall is an amateur move when it comes to quieting down your next door neighbors. Rigging up an elaborate device that blasts “Who Let...
Wednesday at the White House: the summit of the embattled.
After a combined 11 years as Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu is under police inquiry that may soon turn into a criminal-corruption investigation. With the resignation of his national security adviser Monday, President Trump is facing his first serious White House crisis.
And that's the moment Bibi, who as premier never enjoyed a friendly White House for even a moment, comes to say hi to an old buddy from New York.
Truth is, both leaders could probably use a distraction and a friendly face. But though they'll be discussing a range of Mideast issues, the only one that really matters is Iran.
Oh yes, the Palestinian issue will be on the agenda, and Foggy Bottom-types, media eggheads and others in the ever-growing peacemaking industry will very carefully study every word for signs of change or continuity.
But, for all Trump's boast that he's uniquely qualified to make the ultimate deal, there'll be no serious breakthrough on this front. Maybe the Israelis or the Americans will budge a bit to one side on settlements.
Perhaps someone will say the magic phrase, “two states,” loud enough for everyone to hear.
But no, the world won't come to an end if Trump announces plans to move the US embassy to certainly-not-occupied West Jerusalem. Nor will Donald and Bibi turn their backs on each other if the embassy stays put.
“The real strategic agenda that Netanyahu has coming here is much more Iran and the region as a whole,” says Dennis Ross, Mideast adviser to Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. Israel's new “practical, below-the-radar-screen” relations with Egypt, Jordan and other Sunni Arab states open new opportunities, Ross told The Israel Project, a Washington think tank.
Those new ties are there because of Obama: Arab and Israeli leaders are terrified of the consequences of his nuclear deal with Iran. Those fears were realized as soon as it was struck last year as Iran stepped up its aggression and used its newfound, American-backed clout to further destabilize Iraq, Yemen, Bahrain and Syria.
The half-decade Syrian war alone has killed more people than the entire Arab-Israeli conflict, despite the latter's domination of the headlines. Plus, thanks to the deal, Iran will be allowed to become a full-fledged nuclear power in as soon as a decade.
So what to do?
On Syria, Netanyahu is concerned that Trump, along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, will agree to a deal to accommodate a base for Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Lebanese-based proxy, Hezbollah, right on Israel's doorstep.
With that, Israel would face a new menacing front, in addition to Hamas-ruled Gaza, the ISIS-infested Sinai and Hezbollah-dominated Lebanon.
Netanyahu will need to impress on Trump that in Syria, Iran and its proxies aren't part of the solution. They're a major problem.
In addition, recognizing that America won't unilaterally undo the Iran deal, Netanyahu will arrive at the White House with a host of new ideas on how to tighten it.
The two leaders will need to develop, along with their regional partners, a new strategy to address the dangers posed by the deal's 10- to 17-year sunset clause. As it stands, at the end of that period it'll be up to the mullahs to determine the size of the nuclear arsenal they want.
More immediately, as former Israeli Army Chief Amos Yadlin wrote this week, it's time to start pushing a new UN Security Council resolution that would outright ban Iranian missile testing. Pressuring Iran on missiles could also help Trump deal with the North Korean crisis, as the two rogue nations cooperate on ballistic-missile development.
All this, plus a long, warm Trump-Netanyahu handshake, will reassure many American allies. Even world leaders normally critical of Israel grew increasingly worried about what Obama's treatment of Netanyahu meant to America's willingness to stand by its allies.
Netanyahu and Trump will likely be glad to address global issues rather than talk about themselves. Both have an interest in showing that America and Israel are Valentines again. Sending a unified message — Iran is dangerous to the world — will help.
And who knows, maybe America's old Arab partners, now also Israel's new secret friends, will start pressuring the Palestinians behind the scenes. It would be a double diplomatic coup — and for both leaders, couldn't come a moment too soon.
All three of Boston's teams played yesterday, so Kennedy gives us her sports update. Also, we have a VERY special treat involving musicals and Gronk, so click play above to hear something GRONKTACULAR!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Capt. Positive and Opti Women will be making a return to Chatham-Kent this September with the 12 Days of Positivity.
Organizers are planning on building off of last year's event, which according to a release, proved to be a massive success across the region.
The event featured coffee giveaways, fundraisers, and environmentally friendly initiatives. Alongside the events, there were also sizable food bank donations and thousands of dollars raised for local charities.
“We were blown away by the fantastic community response to the 12 Days of Positivity,” said Positivity co-chair, Darrin Canniff, in the release.
The event is set to kick off on Wednesday at Sons of Kent Brewery at 5:30 p.m. There will be non-alcoholic refreshments provided with local craft beer from the brewery available for purchase. There will also be a chance to meet Capt. Positive and Opti Women.
The official start date is Sunday, Sept. 2 with Neighbour Day, ending with Positivity Day on Thursday, Sept. 13. The 12 days will include family-friendly activities, visits from Capt. Positive and Opti Women as well as the opportunity to win prizes for spreading positivity in the community.
Neighbour Day - Sunday, Sept., 2
Chatham-Kent residents are being encouraged to go out and get to know their neighbours by taking the time to say hello, giving a quick wave or organizing a neighbourhood party.
Service Club Day - Monday, Sept. 3
Behind every event and fundraiser in the region, there is a team of service clubs that dedicate their time to help build the community. Chatham-Kent residents are encouraged to take the time to recognize and thank them for their service to the community.
Seniors Day - Tuesday, Sept. 4
Stories of the past and knowledge from the future can often be found right in the community. Chatham-Kent residents can celebrate positivity in the community by connecting with an elderly neighbour, or even take the time to visit a long-term care home in the region such as Riverview Gardens.
First Responder Health Care Day - Wednesday, Sept. 5
Whether it be an accident or a fire, first responders are on the front line in any emergency in Chatham-Kent - something many overlook until it hits close to home. Chatham-Kent residents are encouraged to go out and thank those who dedicate their time, 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week, and let them know how much they appreciate their service and dedication.
Not-For-Profit and Charity Day - Thursday, Sept. 6
Across the region, there are various charities and not-for-profit organizations that come together when the community is in need. Behind those initiatives are volunteers who give their time and talent to help make the life of those not as fortunate as others easier. A way to spread positivity is going to the local United Way or Loads of Love and saying thank you and recognizing their efforts in lifting up the community.
Support for Local Business Day - Friday, Sept. 7
Local businesses are not only a vital part of Chatham-Kent but are usually the first to step forward when the community is in need. Residents are being encouraged to make sure local businesses know how important and appreciated they are in the community.
Discover Your Community Day - Saturday, Sept. 8
Residents are being challenged to see what the entire municipality has to offer by discovering Chatham-Kent. This could mean taking the road less travelled to see the rural landscape the area has to offer, or venturing out to the various beaches along Lake Erie and Lake St. Clair.
Agriculture Day - Sunday, Sept. 9
Chatham-Kent is known for agriculture from tomatoes and seed corn to strawberries and wheat. Residents are encouraged to go out and thank a farmer and purchase locally grown produce.
Diversity Day - Monday, Sept., 10
Canada and Chatham-Kent alike have long been a place for immigrants and new beginnings for those affected by recent world events. Residents are encouraged to show newcomers in the region that they are appreciated and valued in the community.
Educators/Instructors Day - Tuesday, Sept. 11
When students aren't at home, they are at school being guided and taught by teachers and instructors who dedicate their time to shaping the lives of others. Students, parents and guardians across the area are encouraged to show their educators and instructors how valued they are to not only themselves but to the community as a whole.
Environment Day - Wednesday, Sept. 12
From the shores of Lake Erie to the banks of the Sydenham to the C.M. Wilson Conservation Area - Chatham-Kent's natural areas are diverse and significant regarding endangered species and the Great Lakes system. Spreading positivity to the natural world could be cleaning up a beach or planting some trees.
Positivity Day – Thursday, Sept., 13
The final wrapup to Positivity Days will be a day-long celebration in which Capt. Positive will be making stops around the area.
For more information, contact Canniff at 519-350-2406.
'Pawn Stars' steering clear of Chumlee's arrest "Pawn Stars" had already wrapped production for this season when Austin “Chumlee” Russell was arrested on suspicion of 20 felonies.
12 guns, meth found in 'Pawn Star' Chumlee's home Police seized a small arsenal of guns, a gallon plastic bag containing marijuana, multiple doses of anxiety medication and a small amount of methamphetamine.
Chumlee's 'Pawn Stars' boss: We'll help him 'any way we can' after arrest Austin Lee Russell, known as Chumlee on the reality show "Pawn Stars," spent Wednesday night in jail following his arrest on felony weapon and drug charges.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
By Michael Hale
Leeds Rhinos 42-22 Widnes Vikings
LEEDS RHINOS fought off a second half comeback from Widnes Vikings to move joint top of the Super League.
Early tries from Kallum Watkins, Matt Parcell and Joel Moon saw Leeds take an 18-0 lead in as many minutes.
Tom Gilmore converted his own try to bring Widnes onto the board midway through the half but Moon's second try and Tom Briscoe's effort gave the Rhinos a 30-6 half time lead.
The game looked over but the Vikings weren't giving up as Gilmore went over for his second before Chris Houston and Corey Thompson cut the deficit to just eight points.
But Watkins and Parcell completed their respective braces, with the former kicking seven from seven goals, to earn Leeds the two points.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
RHINOS: Handley, Briscoe, Watkins, Ward, Hall, McGuire, Moon, Galloway, Parcell, Cuthbertson, Jones-Buchanan, Delaney, Mullally. Subs: Burrow, Walters, Garbutt, Baldwinson.
VIKINGS: Thompson, Marsh, Armstrong, Runciman, Ah Van, Gilmore, Craven, Chapelhow, White, Buchanan, Houston, Dean, Farnworth. Subs: Dudson, Burke, Johnstone, Walsh.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Two cops were shot in the Florida community of Kissimmee Friday night — one was fatally injured and the other is in very grave condition according the Kissimmee Police.
Officer Matthew Baxter and Sgt. Sam Howard were responding to a call when it appears they were ambushed, authorities said.
Baxter was killed and Sgt. Sam Howard was clinging to life. Three suspects are in custody and a fourth is being sought.
President Trump tweeted about the incident early Saturday
“My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!” Trump said.
Orange County Mayor Theresa Jacobs asked residents to pray for their families, describing the shooting as a “heartbreaking loss of two of Kissimmee's finest officers.”
Osceola County Commissioner Fred Hawkins Jr., said he couldn't believe the news.
“It's just awful,'' he said, adding that the last cop killing in the town was in 1993.
Meanwhile, in Jacksonville, the sheriff's office tweeted that two of its officers had been shot. It later tweeted that the suspect was shot by police and died at the hospital.
One officer is in critical condition and a second officer is in stable condition after a shooting late Friday evening on the city's Westside, the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said.
And near Pittsburgh, Penn., two state troopers were shot and in stable condition. The suspect was killed.
The maker of Taytulla birth-control treatment issued a nationwide recall in the United States on Tuesday over concerns that misplaced capsules in pill packs could cause unintended pregnancies.
A physician reported that four placebo capsules were packaged in the wrong order where active capsules should have been, drugmaker Allergan said in a statement.
The physician sample pack should have 24 pink capsules with hormones followed by four maroon capsules without hormones, Allergan said. Instead, the faulty pack had four maroon placebos at the start of the treatment.
"As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules that are taken out of sequence may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy," the statement said.
"The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order."
Allergan said it is arranging for return of all sample pack products with the lot #5620706 Exp. May 2019. The drugmaker urged patients to consult their physicians if they think they are affected by the recall.
Copyright 2018 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image caption It has cost £500,000 to rebuild the old school that hosts the nursery
A nursery school devastated by a blaze last autumn is preparing to re-open after a £500,000 renovation.
Fire ripped through the Y Dyfodol (The Future) site at Cellan near Lampeter, Ceredigion, in October last year.
There were 200 children on the nursery's books at the time and their parents had to make alternative care arrangements.
Owner Dwynwen Davies said she would be "ecstatic" when the doors re-opened to children next week.
She said she was prevented from opening the nursery at a temporary location in the village hall at Cellan because of inspection regulations.
She feared the business might have to close because of the impact of the fire, adding: "I honestly thought I would have to put my hands up and say enough is enough.
"There was massive damage. Not only from the fire but from the water used by the firefighters.
"We had 200 children on the books, so overnight the children had no childcare, so it had a massive impact on the whole area."
Image caption Owner Dwynwen Davies feared she would have to close the nursery for good
The nursery held an open day on Bank Holiday Monday, and will be reopening next Monday.
"I will be ecstatic. This is my niche in life and to be able to welcome everybody here and giving the best childcare I can will make me whole again," Ms Davies added.
"If I hadn't have had the support and love from the local community I wouldn't have reopened. I was on the floor."
Emma Owens, a new parent at the nursery, said her son Monty will be attending on Monday.
She said: "It's amazing. I can't believe how much work they've done in such a short space of time.
"It's super important for parents who want to go back to work. It's vital."
WASHINGTON — The security chief for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials, Democratic lawmakers said Tuesday.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt last year tapped EPA special agent Pasquale “Nino” Perrotta to be his security chief and lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrota also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group, a Maryland-based security firm.
Perrotta received clearance in March 2013 for limited non-government consulting work, but was required to get updated approval if his job duties changed. Perrotta received a significant promotion and pay raise last year.
The 2013 approval, which was in effect for a five-year period that expired last month, also barred Perrotta from using his government position to advance his personal interests.
The Associated Press reported in December that EPA paid $3,000 to contractor Edwin Steinmetz Associates last year to search Pruitt's office for secret listening devices. Steinmetz is also listed as a vice-president at Perrotta's security firm.
Emails obtained by congressional Democrats showed that Perrotta played a role in the decision to conduct the bug sweep, the contract for which the lawmakers allege he improperly steered to Steinmetz.
Tuesday's letter was signed by Democratic Sens. Tom Carper of Delaware and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, who serve on a committee with oversight of EPA. They ask an agency ethics official to re-examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violated agency rules.
Steinmetz found no listening devices. EPA's Office of Homeland Security later determined the sweep was “very basic and cursory” and “did not employ the equipment, proper certification, or necessary processes” to be approved by the U.S. government for sensitive facilities, according to internal EPA documents.
In an interview with AP on Monday, Steinmetz defended the quality of his work.
The bug sweep was part of a larger push by Pruitt to enhance his personal security that included spending on first-class airfare he claims was justified after unpleasant interactions with other travellers. The Government Accountability Office found earlier this month that a $43,000 privacy booth bought for Pruitt to make private phone calls violated federal purchasing laws.
——
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers have set up camp in Beddington Park with a number of caravans and other vehicles spotted pitching up in the area.
A resident, who asked not to be named, contacted the Advertiser to say several caravans, cars and vans had set up in the Wallington park late on Tuesday night (July 3) after gaining access from Croydon Road.
In photos the caravans appear to be spread around the park rather than confined to one small area of grass.
The arrival comes three weeks after a group of travellers reportedly pitched up in the park and were seen ‘riding quad bikes'.
The previous group reportedly set up and made camp at about 5pm on Wednesday (June 13) and had moved by Tuesday evening (June 19).
After the group left Beddington Park pictures taken at the scene showed a huge mess which was allegedly left behind by the travellers.
This latest encampment is one many to have been set up in and around Croydon in the last month and there have been reports of litter being scattered across other abandoned makeshift camps.
The borough has seen camps set up in South Croydon Recreation Ground and on Coulsdon Common, while five caravans and a number of vans also pitched up in the car park of the large Tesco Extra in Purley to the shock of customers.
Travellers pitched up on a school field in Westhall Road, Warlingham, towards the end of Jun and there have been encampments on the Lion's Road Car Park, in Coulsdon, and Ashburton Playing Fields, in Woodside, as well.
More than a dozen caravans reportedly arrived at Ashburton Playing Fields in Croydon on June 20 and it is understood that they then moved to pitch up in Ashburton Park on Thursday (June 28).
On Tuesday (July 3) Croydon Council confirmed it had been alerted to the Ashburton Park camp and was taking steps to move the encampment with the help of a court order.
A spokeswoman for the council said: “The travellers arrived on Thursday morning (June 28), and the council secured an Order for Removal from the court [on Tuesday] morning.
“Bailiffs have now been instructed to attend to begin the process of moving them on from the park.”
You can't fire us — we quit! Amazon blocked the YouTube app on its line of Fire TV devices on Thursday — four days before Google was scheduled to strip...
How anti-Trump gunman was killed in shootout
A rifle-wielding opponent of President Donald Trump opened fire on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game Wednesday, wounding a top Republican congressman and four others before he was fatally injured in a shootout with police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders — who said he was “sickened” by what he called a “despicable act.”
In an address to the nation, Trump appealed for unity following the early morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia, which came amid high political tension in the US capital after a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise, the number three Republican in the House of Representatives, was expected to recover after being shot in the hip.
Four others were wounded: a congressional aide, a lobbyist and two Capitol Police officers.
Trump described Scalise as a “very good friend,” a “patriot” and a “fighter,” telling him: “America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
FBI agent Tim Slater told a news conference that investigators were still “exploring all angles” and that it was too early to tell if the Republican lawmakers were deliberately targeted.
He would also not confirm a report by CBS that the gunman used a high-powered semi-automatic assault rifle.
According to his Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
Hodgkinson's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
“I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” his brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times. But he said news of the shooting came “totally out of the blue.”
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on his presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” he said.
“Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
– ‘Massacre' averted –
All votes in the House of Representatives were cancelled for Wednesday, but the annual Congressional baseball game will go on as planned Thursday night at Nationals Park in the US capital.
The shooting took place at around 7:00 am (1100 GMT) as the Republican team practiced for the charity game, a well-loved showdown between Senate and House members of both the Republican and Democratic camps.
Congressman Rodney Davis told CNN he was up at bat at the time, and Scalise was in the field at second base.
“I was batting, we heard a loud noise…. The next thing I remember was somebody on the field yelling ‘Run, he's got a gun.'”
Alexandria police chief Michael Brown said his officers arrived at the scene within three minutes, engaged the suspect together with Capitol Police officers, and took him into custody. The gunman later died of his injuries.
Trump praised the “heroic” acts of law enforcement in subduing the shooter.
“Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault,” Trump said.
“Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.”
Senator Rand Paul, also at the practice, said he believed the rapid intervention narrowly prevented a bloodbath.
“It would have been a massacre. And having no self-defense, the field was basically a killing field,” Paul told reporters.
Asked whether he thought it was a random shooting, Republican lawmaker Mo Brooks — who helped the wounded at the scene — told CNN: “It sure as heck wasn't an accident.”
“People know this is the Republican baseball team practicing,” he said. “He knew who we were.”
– ‘Dragging his body' –
Scalise's office said the 51-year-old was in stable condition at a Washington hospital after being shot in the hip.
“Prior to entering surgery, (Scalise) was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone,” it added.
Brooks described Scalise dragging his body across the field to get away from the shooter while the firing continued.
After the shots subsided, he and others at the scene attempted to tend to Scalise's wound, while Brooks took off his belt and used it as a tourniquet for a bleeding staffer who had been shot in the leg.
Scalise, a representative from the southern state of Louisiana elected to Congress in 2008, heads the conservative House caucus known as the Republican Study Committee.
The staunch conservative is among the lawmakers leading the drive to repeal former president Barack Obama's signature health care law, among other top Republican priorities.
The post How anti-Trump gunman was killed in shootout appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Don't Leave APC, Use Internal Mechanism to Solve Your Problems, Dep Speaker Advises Politicians
By Hammed Shittu in Ilorin
The Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Hon. Sulaimon Lasun, has advised politicians in the Progressives Congress (APC) allegedly planning to form a mega party with members of other political parties in the country to have a re-think and used the internal mechanism within the party to address their ill-feelings.
He said the alleged threat of such politicians would not take them anywhere in the political system of the country.
Lasun who spoke with journalists in Ilorin at the weekend on the state of the nation, however, said: “The ruling APC government has opened up government functions for Nigerians than in the past and the populace should take advantage of this gesture to continue to support the government in the task of building a virile nation rather than threatening to go to another party.”
According to him, “Mega party, minor party or major party, the best thing in democracy is a virile opposition.
“When you don't have virile opposition, then it is very difficult to know whether you are doing the correct thing or not.
“And APC as a government is doing its best now, and all Nigerians can now see that the APC meant well for them.
“Nigerians now know what is going on in the NNPC, FRSC, EFCC, among other agencies as there is no secrecy in the art of governance unlike the past administrations.
“Also, the National assembly has opened its legislative functions to the people of the country especially in the area of budget, representations of bills and making of laws for Nigerians.”
He added that “so whether some politicians in the APC are allegedly planning to form a mega party or minor party, we are not threatened at all.
“And don't forget that in politics, it will take time to take root and if anybody feels aggrieved that he had been maltreated in the party, then they should follow what they used to preach to us-internal peaceful resolutions within the party.
“If anybody is trying to leave the party, they should not forget what they used to be telling us that if there is a problem in the party, we should stay within the party and sort it out amicably if at all they are planning to leave and form another party.
“And I want to add that if such politicians fail to do this, and they wanted to leave APC to form another party with other politicians, then we are waiting to face one another when the time comes.
“APC had recorded a sound electoral victory in Edo State, we also did well in Ondo State. Ekiti and Osun States elections are coming up come 2018 and all of us have come of age and there is nobody that can threaten any politicians again in the country.
“Whether mega party or minor party, nobody is interested in such move again. Democracy is about everybody and political party is an open market where there is free entry and free exit so if you are dissatisfied with your party, you can go and form your own party with another people because APC had done well and the party would continue to be stronger in the political life of the country.”
The deputy speaker however lauded the gallant success of the Nigerian military for taking over o Sambisa forest formerly occupied by the Boko Haram terrorists.
He said the activities of terrorists had affected the socio-economic development of the country and with this defeat, there is no doubt that socio economic development of North-east would be improved.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Shutterstock
Oh, how we love to rank the things we love. And, oh, how we love whiskey (and whisky). Put those two things together and you have yourself something worth arguing over late into the night while enjoying a nice bottle glass of the caramel-colored stuff. Yet it's all a little futile at the end of the day. We all come to the tasting table with palates at different stages of refinement and our own entrenched tastes.
Which brings us to: Ranking shit. Public opinion often casts the deciding ballot about what's good and what's swill. It's not ideal and we don't have to listen to the masses, but that's often just the way things go.
Over at Ranker, they asked their users to rank whiskey. Just regular, old whiskey with or without the extra ‘e,' regardless or variety or appellation. The list turned into 21,000 people voting on what they like to drink. So this isn't a list of the best whiskeys (whatever that even means) or which is better scotch or bourbon (whatever that even means). It's just what people who drink whiskey like to drink — @ them, not us.
10. JOHNNIE WALKER BLACK LABEL
Matando el hígado con estilo. .. #FilosofiaJacobo #JohnnieWalkerBlackLabel A post shared by Jona Bonilla (@iamjacobitch) on Apr 15, 2017 at 5:38pm PDT
Johnnie Walker Black is the gold standard of blended scotch whisky. Johnnie Black is a step up from the highly mixable Johnnie Red and serves as a decent place to introduce yourself to blended scotch. It's not overly peaty or smokey and has a nice sweet edge that leans towards toffee.
Gallagher feared the worst on Murphy injury 14 June 2017
Donegal's Michael Murphy and Patrick McBrearty celebrate.
©INPHO/Cathal Noonan. Donegal's Michael Murphy and Patrick McBrearty celebrate.©INPHO/Cathal Noonan.
Donegal manager Rory Gallagher admitted he feared the worst when news of an injury sustained by Michael Murphy reached him.
The Donegal captain picked up an injury on club duty with Glenswilly but has since been cleared to face Tyrone in Sunday's Ulster SFC semi-final.
It was an anxious time for Gallagher and the county's supporters.
“I was very concerned.
“I was up watching the Tyrone and Derry game and was told that Michael Murphy had been stretchered off and there was talk of ambulances and one thing and another but, fortunately, none of that was true.
“But our fears were allayed very quickly, Cathal Ellis, our physio, went to Michael's house and found that it was just bruising.”
Patrick McBrearty, meanwhile, is in the running for a starting spot having scored a goal off the bench in the quarter-final win over Antrim.
Image copyright Google Image caption John Hicks, 65, was found in London Road, Grays, Essex, in the early hours of Tuesday morning
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man found in a road with head injuries.
John Hicks, 65, was found in London Road, Grays, Essex, on Tuesday morning and died after being taken to hospital.
A 19-year-old man has now been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said.
Det Ch Insp Daniel Stoten said: "We are keen to speak to anyone with information about the injuries John sustained before his death."
A post-mortem examination is due to take place on Thursday.
Det Ch Insp Stoten added: "We believe that there may have been an altercation in the High Street between 18:00 and 19:00 BST on Thursday, 28 June."
Sandy Alderson stood in the Mets dugout, looking at his watch as if to double-check his time and space. The Mets were scheduled to play a Saturday afternoon game against the Phillies at Citi Field in what would be their 80th game of the season, one short of the official halfway point of the 162-game schedule.
“If we can win two games and can be three under [.500], then maybe we can play 10 or 12 over in the second half of the season,” the Mets general manager said hours before his team would beat the Phillies, 7-6, to capture their seventh win in eight games. “It can be done. You never know.”
It was more of a passing thought than a proclamation. Still, it was a continuation of the “we haven't given up yet” theme the organization has been preaching of late, postponing any notion they will become early sellers ahead of the July 31 trade deadline.
It is good to be optimistic, but if any of this renewed hope has a chance of becoming a reality, Zack Wheeler has to pitch better than he did Saturday. Wheeler was making his first start after coming off the disabled list with biceps tendinitis. He lasted just 3 ²/₃ innings in which he allowed two hits, two unearned runs and two walks. He had four strikeouts.
His undoing came in the fourth inning when a one-out fielding error by third baseman T.J. Rivera was followed by back-to-back walks that loaded the bases. It looked as if Wheeler might have induced Ty Kelly into an inning-ending double play when the Phillies second baseman hit a ground ball to first baseman Lucas Duda. But after Duda got the force at second, Wheeler, who was covering first base, couldn't handle the throw from shortstop Jose Reyes. The second error of the inning allowed two unearned runs to score.
After Phillies catcher Cameron Rupp followed with a hard single, manager Terry Collins removed Wheeler from the game. Collins thought Wheeler might have been unnerved by the errors.
“I thought he was doing OK early in the game,” Collins said. “But after we made the error, it just seemed like he kind of unraveled a little bit.”
Wheeler insisted his poor inning had nothing to do with the errors, and said his misplay of Reyes' throw was more about timing.
“I didn't break right away like I should have,” he said. “Jose's got a strong arm and he had to throw it pretty hard. I was just trying to find the bag and catch it all at the same time. I should have made the play.”
It was the third straight miserable outing for Wheeler, who gave up seven earned runs in two innings during his last start on June 19 against the Dodgers in Los Angeles and eight runs in just 1 ²/₃ innings against the Cubs on June 13.
With Matt Harvey and Noah Syndergaard out with injuries, the Mets need Wheeler to stabilize the rotation. The Mets can't afford many more wasted outings by a starter if they expect to have a chance to rebound from their disappointing first half.
“I have to pick it up,” said Wheeler, now 3-5 on the season with a 5.01 ERA. “I really didn't show it today, but personally I feel I'm on the right direction. Maybe the next start I can turn it around.”
The Mets, who set a team record with 50 home runs in June, used three homers Saturday to recover from Wheeler's poor outing.
Asdrubal Cabrera hit a three-run blast in the seventh to celebrate his bobblehead day and give the Mets their 7-6 advantage before a brief rain delay. Closer Addison Reed got the final four outs after the game resumed.
The Mets, who entered Saturday 9 ½ games out of the second NL wild card, can talk turnaround after coming from nowhere the last two seasons to make the playoffs. But they will need a better effort from Wheeler to have any chance for another Amazin' finish this year.
Happily ever afters do exist in the world of online dating. Just ask Adam Hadwin. Speaking Friday with Golf.com, the Canadian golfer revealed how he met wife Jessica Kippenberger on...
From The Salem Fire & EMS Department : The Salem Fire & EMS Department responded to a structure fire at 235 South Yorkshire St. this morning at approximately 2:21 a.m. The first units arrived within five minutes of receiving the call and found a barn fully engulfed in flames. Firefighters brought the blaze under control within 35 minutes, but it took several hours to extinguish it completely. In addition, the first units on the scene were able to protect a nearby business and extinguish another fire in an adjacent barn.
Approximately 24 personnel from the Salem Fire & EMS Department (Truck 1, Engine 2, Engine 3, Medic 801, Medic 802, Medic 803, Battalion 1 & Fire Medic 1) and the Roanoke County Fire & Rescue Department (Tanker 3 & Battalion 1) responded to the call. Roanoke County Fire & Rescue Department (Tanker 9) stood by and handled additional calls while crews were on the fire.
The fire remains under investigation by the Salem Fire Marshal's Office and there is no damage estimate at this time.
2:07
Video: Kevin Hart shows Cam Newton how much he can bench
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
BAGHDAD: President Francois Hollande flew into Iraq on Monday and told French troops stationed there he was hoping for “a year of victory against terrorism.”
The Socialist president, whose country has faced a series of militant attacks in the past two years, said the soldiers serving in a US-led coalition were preventing more mass killings at home.
“Everything that contributes to reconstructing Iraq is an additional step to avoiding Daesh strikes on our own territory,” Hollande said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.
Hollande has seen his popularity rating plummet since taking office, amid frustration over his handling of the economy and national security. He has said he will not stand again in presidential elections this year.
He will travel later on Monday to the Kurdish city of Erbil, where France will deliver some 38 tons of humanitarian aid, including medicine, officials said.
Daesh attacked an Iraqi police checkpoint near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday, killing seven policemen as government forces in the north made more gains against the militants in Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for the group's self-styled caliphate in the areas it seized in 2014, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Shares of Harley-Davidson fell 6% in premarket trade Tuesday after the company missed revenue expectations and issued a weaker-than-expected outlook. Harley-Davidson reported net income of $186.4 million, or $1.05 per share, up from $250.5 million, or $1.36 per share, in the year-earlier period. The FactSet consensus was for earnings of $1.02. It reported revenue of $1.33 billion, down from $1.58 billion in the year-earlier period and below the FactSet consensus of $1.37 billion. For the second quarter, Harley-Davidson sees motorcycle shipments of 80,000 to 85,000, below the FactSet consensus of 91,025. Shares of Harley-Davidson have fallen 4.6% in the past month, compared to the S&P 500's loss of 1.2%.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
Image copyright Google Image caption Rebecca Stevenson was dismissed following a hearing at Lincolnshire Police's headquarters in August
A police officer sacked for drink-driving by Lincolnshire Police is back working for the force just over a month after her dismissal.
Rebecca Stevenson, 33, was twice the legal alcohol limit when she lost control of her car and crashed into a ditch in the village of Saltfleet in July.
A police disciplinary hearing in August dismissed her for gross misconduct.
She is now working as a civilian investigator at her former station.
More on this and other Lincolnshire stories
In a statement, Lincolnshire Police said her re-employment was an "exceptional case".
"There was substantial evidence, heard in private due to its sensitive nature, that supported the view that the actions of Ms Stevenson displayed behaviour, for her, that was both exceptional and rare," the force said.
"Lincolnshire Police takes the wellbeing of its staff very seriously and believes that the public should be treated with empathy and compassion."
'Serious risk'
The disciplinary hearing was told that Stevenson was off-duty when she was found by a member of the public "staggering" in the street and wearing only a dressing gown.
When arrested and breathalysed, she initially denied being the driver but later admitted she was on her way to a caravan park when she crashed.
She had served with the force for nearly 12 years and was described by colleagues at her disciplinary hearing as loyal and dependable.
Announcing her dismissal, Chief Constable Bill Skelly said: "I cannot find what you did consistent with your role as a warranted officer.
"Both yourself and members of the public were at serious risk of suffering life-changing harm, or death."
She also appeared before magistrates in Nottingham on 18 July and was banned from driving for 18 months.
Gov. Cuomo continue to call on Congress to fund a $94.4 billion disaster relief package for Puerto Rico at a rally in the Bronx on Saturday, more than four months after Hurricane Maria devastated the island.
“What we do today will determine the future of Puerto Rico — that is how serious this is,” Cuomo declared at a South Bronx nonprofit center.
Congress passed a $36.5 billion aid package in October 2017 that included funding for hurricane and wildfire relief to Puerto Rico and others, but the island says this isn't enough.
The $94 billion aid package requested by Puerto Rico includes $31 billion to rebuild homes and another $18 billion for electricity.
The guv criticized the federal response to the crisis on the island, where nearly half a million people still don't have power.
Cuomo was joined by his Puerto Rican counterpart, Gov. Ricardo Rosello, and a crowd of roughly 200 people.
Many rally attendees were from friendly labor unions. One protester crashed the private event and was quickly escorted out.
Apple clung to LCD screen technology for the iPhone for years, and it only just moved to OLED for the iPhone X. That's the display design favored by Samsung, Google, and most other companies making flagship smartphones. However, Apple isn't content to stick with OLED panels forever. A report from Bloomberg claims Apple has several hundred engineers developing new microLED displays. MicroLED has the potential to improve on OLED, but it might be a while before we get to see that with our own eyes.
OLED display technology has gained favor among smartphone makers because it offers higher maximum brightness compared with LCD. The panels are also thinner and flexible. That's how Samsung can make those striking curved “Edge” panels. The main difference between OLED and microLED is the nature of the light-emitting components. OLEDs use organic semiconductors, but microLED is based on conventional gallium nitride (GaN) LED technology. They're just very, very small LEDs.
If Apple can get microLED technology sorted out before the likes of Samsung and Sony (both of which are actively working on it), its phones would have a distinct advantage. MicroLED panels should offer vastly improved energy efficiency and brightness up to 30 times higher than OLEDs, and OLEDs are already setting brightness records with over 1,000 lux in Samsung's latest phones. MicroLED tech also lasts longer, so you don't have issues with differential wear, more commonly known as burn-in.
Apple's research facility in Santa Clara has been operating in secret for a few years now, but progress has been slow. It inherited the intellectual property driving the development when it acquired display firm LuxVue in 2014. Apple reportedly considered shutting down the project (known internally as T159) last year. Since then, the team made several major advancements toward commercializing microLED technology. The current plan would involve rolling microLED technology out to the Apple Watch first. It would be easier to manufacture a small display like that before moving on to smartphones.
It will likely still be several years before microLEDs are in full-scale production. Until then, Apple will have to continue buying screens from suppliers like Samsung and LG. Currently, the Apple Watch panel comes from LG, as do the LCD screens for the regular iPhones. Apple gets the iPhone X screen from Samsung. Controlling its own display manufacturing could help Apple tighten up supply chains and stand out from other smartphone makers. Still, Apple might end up behind Samsung, which plans to launch microLED TV panels later this year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeff Banks hopes that season ticket sales will really start to move once Bernard Morley and Anthony Johnson's Chester FC revolution gets underway.
The Blues have sold around 300 season tickets so far for next season's National League North campaign, with the club aiming to break through the 1,000 mark before the new campaign comes around.
There was much apathy surrounding the club last season after a miserable performance on the field that ended in relegation from the National League and the financial crisis that was laid bare in January of this year.
But the appointment of Morley and Johnson, the duo who won the National League North with Salford City last season, and the substantial planned investment in the Blues by businessman Stuart Murphy has seen the mood lift around the club.
And City Fans United director Banks hopes that season tickets will be flying out once the summer recruitment starts in earnest.
“I think some people do wait on that and like to see some signings before they start to part with their money for a season ticket,” said Banks.
“We're hoping that when Bernard and Jonno start making those signings that we will see plenty more being sold.
“But in order to boost the budget and get more signings in it helps us to have season tickets sold, so hopefully that will really pick up in the coming days and weeks.”
The Blues sold over 1,000 for last season's National League season.
But a miserable campaign tested the patience of even the most ardent Blues fan and attendances suffered badly.
But with a more positive outlook for the football club ahead of the new season, the Blues remain confident they will hit last season's target.
“We would love to do that and that is very much what we are aiming for,” said Banks.
“One thing we are finding is that we have had quite a lot of people buying season tickets for the first time, which is excellent. We had around 40 on an afternoon earlier this week from renewals and first-time season ticket holders.
“We sold just over 1,000 last season and if we can get around that this season then that would be great.”
Banks also confirmed that the club's Fan Engagement Working Group (FEWG) were looking at ways to improve the match day experience next season, including a match day ‘mobile app'.
“Mikey Rowe, one of our Group members, is working on an app that will help fans engage with the club on a match day,” said Banks.
“Things like voting for your man of the match, sending Cleggy messages to read out on the Tannoy and linking to news and stories about the club will all form part of it hopefully.
“We have plenty of other things we are working towards as well.”
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Image caption Wendy Watson founded the helpline for people seeking advice on breast cancer and its treatment
A breast cancer charity founder criticised for receiving £31,000 from the fund has said she was "stupid" not to check if she could be paid legally.
Defending herself on BBC 5 live, Wendy Watson said she did not know trustees needed Charity Commission permission for payment from a charity.
Mrs Watson has now resigned as a trustee with the National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline.
Her payments were discovered by The Charity Commission.
The commission began its investigation after noticing financial irregularities and it warned about "significant breaches of trust".
Mrs Watson. who was paid £31,000 over five years as a trustee of the charity she founded in 1996, denied allegations she had paid the money to herself.
She stated: "The accountants paid me. I didn't pay myself, I can assure you."
Mrs Watson said she did not know the payments had breached laws relating to charity trustees.
And she added: "If I had known, I would never have been trustee and could have been just an employee and then none of this would have been an issue."
Mrs Watson continued: "In 2012 I got professional advice to set up the charity. They put me as a trustee and didn't say I couldn't ever work for the charity again or be paid and so I happily went on as a trustee."
Asked if she had made a mistake, she responded: "I trusted the professionals that I employed. I was so busy answering the phone 24 hours a day and getting on with setting up these charity shops to provide long-term income for the charity."
Mrs Watson added: "I accept I made a mistake in trusting the professionals to give me advice instead of checking for myself."
Image copyright Google Image caption The organisation runs a network of charity shops around the UK
"If you work it out what I was paid over five years, I was paid £31,000 for 24-hours-a-day work - that equates to less than 60p an hour, I don't think anybody would think that was excessive."
Mrs Watson also said: "I certainly apologise if people think that I did not do the right thing."
She added: "I was stupid. I didn't realise. I just went along with what I was told."
Mrs Watson, of Derbyshire, founded the charity four years after she became the first woman in the UK to have a pre-emptive mastectomy. Five years ago she was appointed MBE for services to people with breast cancer.
The charity was set up to raise awareness and fund a phoneline where people could speak to Mrs Watson for support and advice.
By 2012, it was raising almost £1m a year from charity shops in Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Greater Manchester, Humberside and London.
WASHINGTON — Democrats enjoy a 10-point advantage over Republicans in congressional preference for the 2018 midterm elections, even as President Donald Trump's job approval rating has ticked up, the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll finds.
Fifty percent of registered voters say they prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress, while 40 percent want a GOP-controlled one.
That double-digit lead — typically a sign of strong Democratic performance for the upcoming election — is up from the party's 6-point edge in January's NBC/WSJ poll, which was 49 percent to 43 percent, though the change is within the poll's margin of error.
The survey, which was conducted March 10-14, also shows Democrats holding the early enthusiasm advantage: Sixty percent of Democratic voters say they have a high degree of interest in the upcoming elections (registering either a “9” or “10” on a 10-point scale), versus 54 percent of Republicans who say the same thing. In addition, 64 percent of 2016 Clinton voters say they have a high level of interest, compared with 57 percent of 2016 Trump voters.
And among independent voters, Democrats lead in congressional preference by 12 points, 48 percent to 36 percent.
Meanwhile, the NBC/WSJ polls finds that Trump's approval rating stands at 43 percent among all Americans — up four points from January.
Fifty-three percent of adults say they disapprove of the president's job, down from 57 percent two months ago.
The improvement for Trump comes from Republican respondents (who went from 78 percent approve in January to 84 percent this month), white men (52 percent to 59 percent) and independents (33 percent to 45 percent).
“Trumpism may well help Donald Trump in his 2020 election, but the buck stops there — which is a flashing red light for Republicans in 2017 or 2018,” says Democratic pollster Fred Yang, who conducted the poll with GOP pollster Bill McInturff.
Still, Trump's overall approval rating at 43 percent is the lowest for any modern president at about 14 months into his job.
“Survey to survey, numbers bounce around. But today's state of play continues to tell the same story — a president with lower than average job approval starting his second year with a Democratic edge in the midterms,” says McInturff, the Republican pollster.
Also in the poll, the most popular political figures and institutions are the Federal Bureau of Investigation (48 percent positive, 20 percent negative), Planned Parenthood (52 percent positive, 25 percent negative), the “Me Too” Movement (35 percent positive, 18 percent negative) and special counsel Robert Mueller (28 percent positive, 19 percent negative).
The most unpopular figures and institutions include House Speaker Paul Ryan (24 percent positive, 37 percent negative), President Trump (37 percent positive, 52 percent negative) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (21 percent positive, 43 percent negative).
The live-caller NBC/WSJ poll was conducted March 10-14 of 1,100 adults – nearly half reached by cell phone – and it has an overall margin of error of plus-minus 3.0 percentage points. The margin of error among the 930 registered voters is plus-minus 3.2 percentage points.
There are many ways to celebrate the nation's 150th birthday.
Seeing an outstanding Canadian film at the Film House is an opportunity to participate in a one-day only cross-Canada event, National Canadian Film Day 150, sponsored by Reel Canada, a non-profit organization dedicated to celebrating Canadian cinema.
Wednesday's screening of Angry Inuk at the Film House is free.
Co-produced by writer-director Alethea Arnaquq-Baril's Unikkaat Studios and the National Film Board of Canada, Angry Inuk is an intimate documentary on the Nunavut coastal territory that few people have experienced — certainly not the wealthy anti-hunt celebrities, including Paul McCartney who descended on Newfoundland to pose with cute white seal pups. Toy pups are used as propaganda tools to this day.
In her narration, Inuit director Arnaquq-Baril explains, “We call ourselves the people of the seal. Almost all Inuit communities are coastal and our staple food is seal.”
Her documentary point-of-view is an insider's perspective of a people who hunt grey seals for food and clothing made from the skins, and making a living by designing, crafting and marketing designs for an international market.
Aaju Peter, an Inuit lawyer turned activist and designer of seal skin fashions, and recipient of the Order of Canada, remarks: “For us, a warm coat is not a luxury … it is necessary to survival and protection if a hunter falls into the water.”
Don't confuse the people of the seal with a capitalist economy. By using every part of the animal, the director's coastal Inuit community is self-sustaining and politically and economically accountable. This is their counter-argument to wealthy animal-rights lobbyists and politicians of the European Union who have never visited the Canadian Arctic, but, in ignorance, attach themselves to bans on seal hunts and import (2009) of all seal products. Period.
The potential environmental disaster accruing from big-mining projects hangs over the resource-rich Arctic landscape and the director's community as a major threat, not an alternative.
Beautifully filmed, and narrated by the director in a calm knowing voice, the unique Arctic landscape appears stunningly beautiful, almost pastoral at moments of calm weather. Inside a home where women prepare seal meat and sew skins, a kitchen wall plaque summarizes their social awareness and distance from the norms of western culture: “Martha Stewart doesn't live here.”
Arnaquq-Baril structures her documentary as cyclical journey, from a man teaching his young grandson the skills of the hunt, to the 13-year-old on his own, now a master hunter.
She calls herself an urban Inuit, educated in the south, but making her films in the land of her birth, about her people. She refers to anti-sealing protests of the 1970s and 1980s as “our great Depression”: “I grew up in the aftermath” (suicides from hunger and stress).
Some 25 years later, her films are both personal passion projects and representations of a quiet revolution through harnessing collective Inuit voices. On the annual International Day of Protest, Inuit university students studying in Ottawa demonstrate dances and throat singing to gathering crowds in downtown Toronto.
In a powerful scene in Stockholm for EU officers, activist-designer Aaju Peter literally walks about an image projection of a global map, like a tour guide tracing the geography of her frozen homeland.
In an interview, Arnaquq-Baril notes, “A lot of my work has been about de-shaming,” overturning the stigma wrought upon the Inuit by outsiders, including the impact of the 2016 Oscar night group selfie of Hollywood stars, an image Ellen DeGeneres used to raise millions for her pet project against cruelty to animals.
Refuting such sly moves, Angry Inuk has received numerous awards for its cinematic richness and truth-telling.
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre, 250 St. Paul St,, St. Catharines, 905-688-0722
Listings for April 19 to 24
Angry Inuk: (free screening) Wednesday 8 p.m.
Weirdos: Thursday 8 p.m.
XX: Friday 9:30 p.m., Sunday 7 p.m.
Operation Avalanche: Friday 7 p.m., Saturday 7 p.m., Sunday 4 p.m.
Winged Migration: Saturday 4 p.m.
Koyaanisqatsi: Saturday 9:30 p.m.
Slapshot: Monday 8 p.m.
Admission: $7 members, $9 general
For tickets and more information, visit FirstOntarioPAC.ca
Afghan dad says he named his son Donald Trump The family of a young boy from Afghanistan says their lives have been ruined after his superfan parents named him Donald Trump. Born in September 2016 as his namesake was...
Tourist walks into the Red Sea and gives birth Incredible pictures show the moment a woman gives birth to her baby underwater in the Red Sea. The new mom, believed to be from Russia, gave birth with the help...
Mercedes driver on painkillers plowed into twin babies in stroller: cops A couple is in anguish after their miracle twin babies were mowed down in their stroller by an allegedly drug-addled driver and were left with possible brain damage. Dad Mariano...
Nurse suspended after 5 newborns injured in hospital MADISON, Wis. — Five infants suffered serious injuries including a fractured skull, rib and arm in the newborn unit of a Wisconsin hospital and the nurse who cared for them...
Couple who feared they couldn't conceive now have two sets of triplets A couple who underwent IVF after years of failing to conceive now have their hands full — after having two sets of triplets. Courtney Garrett, 38, and her husband, Philip,...
1-year-old dies after being left in hot car in Miami MIAMI — Police say a 1-year-old boy died after being found inside a car parked at a shopping plaza where witnesses said his mother works at a beauty salon. Miami-Dade...
Border Protection officer helps deliver baby, then saves his life A US Customs and Border Protection officer saved a newborn's life by unwrapping the umbilical cord from around the baby's neck during delivery, the agency said on Wednesday. Customs and...
Mom charged in decades-old killings of infant son, two other babies A Wisconsin woman has admitted suffocating three babies — including her own 2-week-old son — more than three decades ago in deaths that were originally attributed to sudden infant death...
4 NYC babies die in one day in tragic incidents Four babies, none older than six months, died across four boroughs in less than 24 hours Friday into Saturday, officials said. The first of the heart-rending deaths came at 11:20...
BOSTON (AP) Andrew Benintendi hit a go-ahead, two-run single as Boston scored three unearned runs following a dropped throw by second baseman Brad Miller, and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4-3 on Monday in the annual Patriots' Day game.
Benintendi had three singles in the 11:05 a.m. start, which coincides with the Boston Marathon, and the Red Sox won their third straight after losing the opener of the four-game series.
Knuckleballer Steven Wright (1-1) allowed three runs – one earned – and nine hits in six innings. He gave up four homers over 1 1/3 innings in his previous start.
Rookie Ben Taylor gave up a run-scoring single to Souza with two outs in the seventh, then retired Logan Morrison on a bases-loaded flyout. Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for a save on the third straight day, his sixth this season.
Boston trailed 2-1 in the second when Miller dropped an easy toss from shortstop Tim Beckham for what would have been an inning-ending forceout on Marco Hernandez's grounder. Benintendi's single to center put the Red Sox ahead, and Mookie Betts singled for a 4-2 lead.
Blake Snell (0-2) gave up four runs – one earned – and seven hits in five innings. The Rays completed a 1-6 trip that followed a franchise-best 5-2 start.
Some of the Rays were playful in their clubhouse early in the morning, with Morrison joking to teammates about the starting time: ”11 o'clock. Let's play baseball.”
Brad Miller and Souza hit consecutive run-scoring grounders in the first. Both runs were unearned because Hernandez, Boston's third baseman, dropped a foul popup by Kevin Kiermaier, who then singled.
Hanley Ramirez's RBI single in the bottom half cut the lead in half.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Ramirez was back in the starting lineup at DH after coming out of Sunday's game with a left hamstring cramp. … LHP Eduardo Rodriguez was placed on paternity leave after his wife, Catherine, gave birth to a boy Sunday. He will miss his scheduled start in Toronto on Tuesday.
SPECIAL UNIFORM
The Red Sox wore white home jerseys with ”Boston” across the front instead of ”Red Sox.” It also included a patch that read ”Boston Strong.” The jerseys and patch were created after the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013.
EARLY SIGNING
Ramirez was on the field signing autographs for a while about 30 minutes before the first pitch.
UP NEXT
Rays: RHP Matt Andriese (0-0, 4.50 ERA) is set to start Tuesday when the Rays open a three-game series at home against Detroit. RHP Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25) is scheduled for the Tigers.
Red Sox: Brian Johnson (0-0) is likely to be called up from Triple-A Pawtucket to take Rodriguez's turn when Boston opens a series at Toronto, which starts RHP Marcus Stroman (1-1, 1.76).
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
The Times of India report by Omer Farooq Khan states that the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government on Saturday launched a crackdown against Hafiz Saeed-led Jamaat-ud-Dawa and its humanitarian wing, Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation, by seizing control of their offices and financial assets.
Unless you happen to be a film buff or just like reading the odd tabloid, you may not know who Harvey Weinstein is. But if you do, then you'll know he's something of a Hollywood kingpin, a super-producer with six Oscars to his name, and movies like Pulp Fiction, Good Will Hunting and Shakespeare in Love dotting his resumé. You'll also know he's been dodging rumours of sexual harassment for over three decades.
In an explosive report by The New York Times published Thursday after The Hollywood Reporter revealed Wednesday that Weinstein was preparing to file a lawsuit against the paper, details of countless allegations of sexual harassment against him were revealed, backed up by legal records, emails and internal documents from his companies.
Many of his former employees revealed they were aware of his behaviour for years. The women making the allegations range from their 20s to 40s, all in different cities (Weinstein is known to flit from New York to London to Paris). Several said they didn't report Weinstein because they were afraid of retaliation, because there weren't witnesses, or simply because they felt embarrassed.
Weinstein, who has been married to designer Georgina Chapman for 10 years (with whom he has two children), has reached at least eight settlements with different women. A follow-up report on Weinstein is set to be published by The New Yorker in the coming weeks, but for now, here are the biggest takeaways from the NYT:
Ashley Judd comes forward
In 1997, while she was filming Kiss the Girls (a Weinstein Company movie), Weinstein invited actress Ashley Judd to his Beverly Hills hotel room, wearing nothing but a bathrobe. He asked her if she would either give him a massage or watch him shower. When she declined, he asked her for a shoulder rub (she declined again). Countless actresses reported Weinstein making the same requests of them over the decades. He would often tell them he'd “boost” their career if they accepted his advances, and would also boast about famous actresses he claimed to have slept with.
Speaking to the NYT, Judd said, “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly.”
In 1997, Weinstein reached a US$100,000 settlement with actress Rose McGowan, 23 at the time, “after an episode in a hotel room” at the Sundance Film Festival. His legal team noted that the settlement was “not to be construed as an admission” but intended to “avoid litigation and buy peace.”
The explosive memo
In 2015, at the same hotel, a female assistant said Weinstein “badgered” her into giving him a massage while he was naked, leaving her “crying and very distraught.” This was revealed in an explosive memo written by Weinstein employee Lauren O'Connor. She referred to the company as “a toxic environment for women,” sharing that Weinstein would have her conduct “casting discussions” after he would have private meetings with actresses in his hotel room. She said she felt she and some of her co-workers were being used to help him find “vulnerable women who hope he will get them work.”
She added, “The balance of power is me: 0, Harvey Weinstein: 10.” An inquiry never happened after O'Connor's memo, however, as Weinstein offered her a settlement, after which she withdrew her complaint.
It is simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly. Ashley Judd
The involvement of Lisa Bloom
In addition to his usual powerhouse law team, Weinstein has taken on the help of lawyer Lisa Bloom, a calculated choice as she is the daughter of civil rights lawyer and women's rights activist Gloria Allred. Bloom, and her mother, typically defend female sexual assault victims. But everything certainly seems to make a lot more sense with the news that Bloom's book Suspicion Nation, about the Trayvon Martin case, is currently being adapted into a miniseries by none other than…Harvey Weinstein (along with JAY-Z, who Weinstein referenced in his statement to the NYT below).
In a statement, Bloom wrote, “he denies many of the accusations as patently false.” She also referred to him as “an old dinosaur learning new ways.”
Company rules
Not only is there a contractual “code of silence” at the Weinstein Company ensuring no one criticizes their superiors in a way that could harm its “business reputation” or “any employee's personal reputation,” many employees are often tasked with the job of helping Weinstein get out of bed in the morning and doing “turndown duty” at night. Several women informed the NYT that this often involved him being nearly or fully naked in front of them, “requiring them to be present while he bathed or repeatedly asking for a massage or initiating one himself.” One woman revealed that she was advised by a co-worker to wear a parka to meetings as “a layer of protection against unwelcome advances.” In fact, whenever a female executive had to go to a meeting by herself, she would bring a co-worker with her for safety.
Weinstein's response
In his statement to the NYT, Weinstein apologized for “the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past” and then bizarrely referenced JAY-Z when he wrote that he hopes “to learn about myself and conquer my demons.” He will be taking a leave of absence from the company “to deal with this issue head on.”
He added, “I came of age in the ('60s) and ('70s), when all the rules about behaviour and workplaces were different. That was the culture then. I have since learned it's not an excuse, in the office — or out of it. To anyone. I realized some time ago that I needed to be a better person and my interactions with the people I work with have changed. I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it.” He closed it by awkwardly saying he will be channeling his anger into focusing on the Las Vegas shooting and will “be giving the NRA my full attention.”
In a follow-up statement Wednesday, after also claiming he feels the NYT has a “vendetta” against him, Weinstein said, “The story sounds so good, I want to buy the movie rights.”
A 23-year-old man who was "out for blood" when attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and "that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation."
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell "claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed" and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
"I'm out for blood," the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. "When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team."
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
"There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation," said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he "was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement," the complaint says.
"Something needs to be done," Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was "retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people" and "an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions."
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
———
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Why it matters to you Permissions inside the Uber app sound like a privacy nightmare, but have never been abused, and will soon be removed.
To better prepare its Apple Watch app, Uber used technology enabling it to view and record what was happening on an iPhone's screen, even when the Uber app was only running in the background. The permission to do this was granted by Apple, and although Uber claims not to use the system anymore, it remains part of the app. The news comes from Sudo Security Group, which unearthed the capability — called an Entitlement — in the Uber app.
While this sounds like a security and privacy nightmare, the entitlement doesn't work like a screen-recording app, according to an app researcher speaking to Gizmodo, and will be removed from the app soon. What it does is visualize colors and pixels on the screen, not precise details. However, the concern is this data could be decoded and interpreted to reveal sensitive personal information, user habits, or, should Uber's app be hacked by criminals, passwords and other login information.
What makes this unusual is that Uber is the only third-party app developer using it. Other entitlements are commonly used by app developers, as they provide access to key phone features, such as the camera and Apple Pay. They operate in a similar way to permissions on Android. The entitlement used by Uber here is considered reserved for Apple's use only, due to its privacy and security concerns. Using entitlements without Apple's approval would normally result in the developer being banned from the App Store.
The entitlement was used by Uber to assist the Apple Watch Series One render maps correctly. Apple partnered with Uber to show how the app would operate on the Apple Watch during its March 2015 event. Apparently, developers had four months to prepare Apple Watch apps before the launch, which may explain why Apple granted Uber use of the entitlement at the time, to ensure it was stage-ready on the day.
Uber says the entitlement has not been used since then, and it has never tracked any unauthorized access or use of it. However, Uber's reputation regarding privacy has been tarnished before, and although it says it will remove the entitlement, it's unclear why it hasn't done so before now, given the potential for abuse.
PHILADELPHIA — LaVar Ball had some public criticism of the Lakers, now team president Earvin “Magic” Johnson has some advice for Ball's son. Lonzo Ball had a strong game in...
Hello. Here's your morning briefing:
Image copyright AFP
Key North Korea official meets Pompeo
The latest step towards a potential meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un took place on Wednesday, when Mr Kim's right-hand man met the US secretary of state in New York. Gen Kim Yong-chol had dinner with Mike Pompeo, and they are due to hold further talks on Thursday. It is all part of efforts to get the two leaders to sit down together in Singapore next month. Mr Pompeo told reporters after the dinner that it had been "great" and they had eaten "American beef". The US wants North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons, but Pyongyang has objected to Washington drawing comparisons with Libya - whose leader was killed by Western-backed fighters after surrendering his weapons of mass destruction. Who is Gen Kim Yong-chol? Read more about him here.
Top 10 worst excuses for not appointing women executives
Businesses have been accused of having "pitiful" excuses for not appointing women to their boards, according to a government-commissioned report. The Hampton-Alexander Review on gender balance in the boardroom documented a range of excuses firms gave for not having female directors, including "we have one woman already on the board, so we are done - it is someone else's turn". The government wants to ensure that at least a third of FTSE 350 company board members are women by 2020. Click here to see what the gender pay gap is at your company.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Kim Kardashian intercedes with Trump
The US businesswoman and reality TV star Kim Kardashian West has met President Donald Trump at the White House to discuss a potential pardon for a 63-year-old great-grandmother who is serving life in prison. Alice Marie Johnson has been behind bars for more than two decades for a first-time drug offence. Mrs Kardashian West got involved after she saw a video posted on social media, and is paying for Johnson's legal team. She was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1996 after being convicted of relaying messages between drug distributors and sellers.
Meghan and Davidson on influential women list
Vogue has published its inaugural list of Britain's 25 most influential and aspirational women. It includes the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, and the Scottish Conservative leader, Ruth Davidson. The magazine said the duchess is "helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy". Ms Davidson is the only politician on the list, with Vogue saying she was included for her "relatable personality and progressive ideas".
What could Brexit mean for the UK's creative talent?
By Ian Youngs
From Adele to James Bond, from David Hockney to Harry Potter, the UK's creative talent is admired around the globe. And the creative industries are one of the UK's fastest growing sectors, growing at twice the rate of the overall economy. Those in the creative industries are far more anti-Brexit than the rest of the country - a poll by the Creative Industries Federation (CIF) found 96% of its members voted Remain in the 2016 referendum. Personal politics aside, there are practical reasons why people in the arts are worried that Brexit will be bad news - including their concerns about free movement of talent, funding and Britain's reputation around the world. But others are seeing silver linings.
Read more from Ian here
What the papers say
Image copyright I and Sun
The James Bond film You Only Live Twice provides inspiration for several front-page headlines about a Russian journalist who was believed to have been shot dead in Ukraine but was later shown on TV to be safe and well. The Ukrainian authorities staged Arkady Babchenko's death as a way of foiling an alleged Russian assassination plot. Elsewhere, the Daily Mirror leads with claims that British pilots were deliberately exposed to radiation in Cold War nuclear experiments, while the Times says France is blocking UK attempts to keep access to EU systems which help identify foreign criminals.
You can read our full review of Thursday's papers here.
Daily digest
Red card Football urged to kick out single-use plastics
Tories warned Muslim group tells Conservatives to 'remove Islamophobia from party'
Financial health Deficit for NHS trusts in England are double the amount planned
Off-track Thameslink compares poor service to Poundland chocolate
If you watch one thing today
City in the Sky: Departure
If you listen to one thing today
Kelis: My Life in Five Dishes
If you read one thing today
Image copyright BBC Three
How two traffic fines led a boy to his death
Sign up for a morning briefing direct to your phone
Lookahead
1130 The Ivor Novello Awards for excellence in British and Irish songwriting and composing are awarded. Stormzy, Ed Sheeran and Elbow are among the nominees.
Today Ronnie Barker's handwritten four-page script for the Four Candles sketch is set to sell for £40,000 at auction.
On this day
1985 The Football Association, supported by then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, bans English clubs from playing in Europe following the Heysel stadium tragedy.
From elsewhere
A Worldwide Scramble to Pull Off a Trump and Kim Summit (New York Times)
Singapore Airlines to launch world's longest commercial flight in October (Reuters)
Why scientists created the world's smallest house (NBC News)
The countries you should visit that the Queen hasn't (Daily Telegraph)
It's no longer a question of if Manchester City will win the Premier League, but by how many points.
December's not even halfway over but Pep Guardiola's team basically won the title Sunday, defeating Manchester United 2-1 in the much-hyped Manchester derby. The win puts City 11 points clear of the second place Red Devils with 22 games to play. It's not an insurmountable lead, but considering the Citizens have dropped just two points from the season's first 16 matches, it's hard to imagine anyone making up that ground on them.
It was a strange game, really. Not good, but compelling in a way that top six clashes rarely are. As you'd expect from a matchup between the league's top two clubs, it was a tense, hard-fought affair in which neither team was able to do exactly what it wanted. City spent most of the game with the ball but rarely found clear-cut chances. Meanwhile, United soaked up City's attack for the most part but found it next to impossible to catch them on the counter.
What ended up deciding the game were three defensive miscues neither manager will be thrilled with. In the 43rd minute, David Silva pounced on a harmless looking corner no United defender bothered to deal with to put City on top. That lead lasted just four minutes, as Marcus Rashford slotted home a ball that both Nicolas Otamendi and Fabian Delph failed to clear to level things up in first-half stoppage time. But the worst was left for last when a rushed Romelu Lukaku clearance whacked off a teammate's back and right to the feet of Otamendi in the 54th. The defender duly smashed the ball into the back of the net to put City up for good.
As shocking as those mistakes may have been, it was a moment of defensive brilliance that ended up deciding the game. In the 84th, City keeper Ederson did his best impression of his United counterpart David de Gea last week against Arsenal, pulling off a fantastic double save. The Brazilian took the full force of a point-blank shot from Lukaku right in the face, then popped right up to deny Juan Mata from equally close range. With stoppage time, there was still about ten minutes left at that point, but it was clear from both sets of players that was the game.
The victory pushed City's win streak to 14 — a record for a single season — and though they have Tottenham coming up next weekend, it's hard to see anyone beating them right now. Coming into the game, City were struggling, comparatively speaking, through their last three games, waiting until the final 10 minutes to seize victory against Huddersfield, Southampton and West Ham. And on Sunday they were far from their glittering best. City dominated the Paul Pogba-less midfield, but their attacks lacked their usual cutting edge and talisman Kevin De Bruyne was off the mark. It didn't matter, though. Even then the league's second-best team — and the only side many believed had a chance against City — couldn't beat them or even get a draw. Who has a chance when they're actually on? No one, right now.
The other European domestic leagues all have their fair share of strong sides, but none can boast six legitimately good teams like the Premier League can. Manchester United are a very good team. So are Chelsea, Liverpool, Arsenal and Tottenham. But Manchester City are in a class by themselves — a genuinely great team that can beat the rest of the league's best even on an off day. Sure, City will slip up and all but surely won't finish with the more than 109 points they're currently on pace for, but no one's catching up with them in the league. For the rest of the top six, it's time to accept that their goal has changed. Now they have to focus on securing a Champions League spot and maybe, if they get lucky and the bounces go their way, picking off City in a cup competition.
Goal of the Week
Jermain Defoe, Bournemouth 2-2 Crystal Palace
Defoe's had a horrible start to his Bournemouth career, but his equalizing volley (1:36 mark) in Saturday's draw with Palace shows he can still contribute. Just before the halftime whistle, the striker ran down a long ball, then, and without even glancing at the goal, looped a beautiful shot over the head of Julian Speroni and into the back of the net from what appeared an impossible angle.
Call of the Week
Referee Craig Pawson, Liverpool 1-1 Everton
Was Dejan Lovren's challenge on Dominic Calvert-Lewin a penalty? Opinions differ but Pawson clearly thought so and signaled to the spot, giving Everton a lifeline in a game in which they'd been completely dominated. Wayne Rooney converted the chance with ease giving the Toffee's the unlikeliest of draws in one of the country's most intense derbies.
PREVIEW: While six from seven qualification groups for the Men's U21 World Championship 2017 in Algeria are played from 6 to 8 January, FYR Macedonia, Portugal, Poland and Turkey play their tournament already from 4 to 6 January
Four teams make head start to Men's U21 World Championship Qualification
The rules ahead of the Men's U21 World Championship Qualification are pretty clear and straight forward: There are seven groups with four teams each and only the first ranked team of each group qualifies for the final tournament in Algeria this summer.
The regular playing dates for the qualification tournaments are 6 to 8 January, and while six from seven groups adhere to this, the teams of Group 3, Poland, Portugal, FYR Macedonia and Turkey are off to an early start. They take to the court already from 4 to 6 January.
The tournaments are hosted by the Macedonian Handball Federation and will take place in the nation's capital Skopje.
Two matches are played on each day with Portugal vs Turkey and Poland vs FYR Macedonia being the first two encounters on Wednesday.
Portugal's coach Nuno Santos is confident about his team's chances despite the Macedonian home advantage. "Our prospects for this qualification tournament are very good. Regardless of where we play, Poland and Macedonia are very strong teams.
"But we have the possibility to qualify and we will fight for our objective," he says.
The Men's U21 World Championship 2017 in Algeria takes place from 17 to 30 July 2017.
France, as the current men's U19 world champions, as well as Spain, Germany, Croatia and Norway, as the teams ranked first, second, fourth and fifth at the Men's 20 EHF EURO 2016, are the five European teams already qualified.
TEXT:
Sometimes size does matter.
After a blistering attack from President Trump, The New York Times on Wednesday corrected a story about the size of the crowd at the president's Nashville rally the night before.
The Gray Lady initially reported that 1,000 people gathered at the arena in Tennessee to see Trump endorse Marsha Blackburn for the Senate.
The paper revised the number upward to 5,500 based on a tally from the local fire marshal and corrected the story.
“President @realDonaldTrump is correct about his crowd last night,” wrote Times reporter Julie Davis in a tweet. “My estimate was way off, and we have corrected our story to reflect the fire marshal's estimate of 5,500 people. When we get it wrong, we say so.”
The correction followed another blistering 280-character missive from Trump about his hometown broadsheet.
“The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin',” Trump wrote. “This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't “get” me, and never did!”
The New York Times posted a $55.5 million operating profit last quarter.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Syria's state news agency says al-Qaida militants have knocked out electricity towers near the capital, causing power cuts in a southern province.
SANA said Monday that fighters from the Fatah al-Sham Front bombed three towers southwest of Damascus, causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region.
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations. Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks.
The Fatah al-Sham Front and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce.
LONDON — Britain's government urged local officials across the country Sunday to urgently submit samples of tower block cladding after tests found that all samples tested so far have failed fire safety standards.
In London, officials tried Sunday to complete the evacuation of hundreds of apartments in four towers deemed unsafe, but faced resistance as several families refused to budge.
The government has collected 34 samples of external cladding — panels widely used to insulate buildings and improve their appearance — and all failed a “combustibility test,” Community Secretary Sajid Javid said. The national testing was ordered after a June 14 fire engulfed Grenfell Tower in London, killing at least 79 people. The tower's cladding was believed to have rapidly spread that blaze.
The samples came from 17 different locations around the country, including London, Manchester, Plymouth and Portsmouth.
A public inquiry is due to determine how the unsafe cladding was allowed to be fitted onto Grenfell in the first place.
In north London, Camden Council ordered residents at Chalcots Estate to leave some 600 apartments late Friday as a precaution after fire inspectors found problems with the blocks' fire doors and gas pipes. The council said those issues, combined with the flammable cladding that encased the buildings, meant residents had to leave immediately.
Now hundreds of residents face up to four weeks in temporary accommodations as workers try to upgrade the buildings' fire safety features. Around 20 families wanted to stay put, but council leader Georgia Gould say they must leave.
Refurbishment of the Chalcots towers was overseen by Rydon, the same company involved in the recent renovation of the now-devastated Grenfell Tower.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan backed Camden Council's decision to evacuate the apartment blocks.
“I think they've done the right thing. Look, you've got to err on the side of caution. You can't play Russian roulette with people's safety,” he told Sky News.
Report: Mavs serious contenders to sign Jrue, Justin Holiday
The Dallas Mavericks already have a Curry brother on their roster, and now they may be adding two Holiday brothers into the mix.
Jake Fischer of Sports Illustrated reports on Wednesday that the Mavs have emerged as “serious contenders” to sign Jrue and Justin Holiday, who are both unrestricted free agents this summer. Fischer also adds that the two have “strong interest” in playing with each other and notes that Justin was on Golden State's 2015 title-winning team with Mavs forward Harrison Barnes.
The Dallas Mavericks have emerged as serious contenders to sign Jrue Holiday and his brother Justin, according to league sources. — Jake Fischer (@JakeLFischer) June 14, 2017
The Holiday brothers have strong interest to play together, per sources, and Justin played w/ Harrison Barnes on Warriors' 2015 title team. — Jake Fischer (@JakeLFischer) June 14, 2017
The Mavs have had reported interest in Jrue for at least the last month, and Justin has been open about what it would mean to play with his brother. With a need in the backcourt and the 11th-most projected cap room in the NBA this offseason (per Spotrac), we could have ourselves a Holiday party in Dallas.
A notorious Colombian drug lord has been extradited to New York — and is scheduled to appear in Brooklyn federal court Tuesday on international drug trafficking charges.
Daniel Rendon-Herrera, also known as “Don Mario,” arrived in the Big Apple early Monday — nine years after he was arrested for running a drug trafficking paramilitary gang that prosecutors say shipped huge quantities of cocaine around the world and killed those who stood in its way.
“Rendon-Herrera led a major Colombian drug trafficking enterprise that imported tons of cocaine into the United States and employed hitmen who carried out acts of violence across North and South America in furtherance of the organization,” US Attorney Richard Donoghue said in a statement Tuesday.
The 54-year-old's paramilitary group Los Urabenos — formerly Clan Usuga — trafficked “multi-ton shipments of cocaine” to the US, and also did a roaring local trade by taxing every kilogram of coke that made its way through the group's territory, prosecutors allege.
The narco-terrorist outfit also employed hitmen “who committed murders,assaults, kidnappings and assassinations” to collect on debts and expand its control across Colombia and enhance it reputation, the indictment charges.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
2017-10-06
The group is demanding for an unqualified apology to Ghanaian teachers for being neglected
A group calling itself Progressive Teachers Association has criticised President Nana Akufo-Addo and other government officials for neglecting this year's celebration of Teacher's Day and award ceremony to honour Ghanaian teachers.
The group, in a statement released on Friday, October 6 by its National president, Obeng Agyenim Boateng, said the actions of President Akufo-Addo must be condemned as it is unpardonable for teachers to be treated in such a disrespectful manner at the 23rd National Best Teacher and third Best School awards in Koforidua on Thursday.
“At an all-important ceremony like the World Teachers Day where the best Ghanaian teachers were assembled from the ten regions of Ghana to be honoured, the leadership of the Progressive Teachers Association of Ghana was expecting at least the President of the Republic of Ghana, the Vice President or the Minister of Education to be present.
“To our dismay, neither the President nor the Vice President nor the Minister of Education was present to grace the ceremony. This act of disrespect to the Ghanaian teacher must be condemned by all and sundry,” the statement noted.
Attributing the failure of the President to appear at the ceremony to failed government promises which have not been honoured, the statement added that: “The incremental credit / jump for September has not been affected.
Also, newly trained teachers who completed their studies and training in the various colleges of education this year have been in the house for the past eight weeks awaiting posting. Previously, graduates from the colleges of education were posted even before the basic schools resumed for the first term.”
The group said: “Government promised to restore allowance of teacher trainees in full in its 100 days in power. Today marks exactly 272 days since this government was inaugurated and not a single teacher trainee has been paid the said allowances in full.
Even with what we have heard, after deductions, the teacher trainee is given Ghc204 as allowances and this is paid for only 8 months unlike the previous allowances which amounted to Ghc460.00 and was paid for twelve months. This is certainly not allowances restored in full.”
They are therefore calling for an unqualified apology to Ghanaian teachers for being neglected as they request for fair treatment to teacher trainees who have not been posted as well as better conditions for teachers in general.
Image copyright Getty Images
US stocks rebounded on Monday, reversing some of the losses that were triggered last week by rising tensions between the US and North Korea.
Analysts said the lack of further rhetoric over the weekend had helped to calm the markets.
The gains in morning trade came in every sector, led by financial and technology stocks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, which measures 30 major US companies, rose 0.6% to 21,991.88.
The wider S&P 500 index was up 0.9% at 2,462.48, while the Nasdaq climbed 1% to 6,315.90.
On the Dow, major movers included Goldman Sachs, which climbed more than 2% and JP Morgan Chase, which increased 1.5%.
Shares in Home Depot, which is scheduled to report quarterly earnings this week, sank 0.4%.
Scientists taught an AI system to diagnose brain cancer Sure, artificial intelligence might end up being the downfall of humanity as we know it — that is, if Elon Musk's fears come to fruition — but for the time...
How AI could make the internet a safer, more civil place In May 2017, the LGBT organization GLAAD posted a video on YouTube of actress Debra Messing receiving an award. In Messing's acceptance speech, she praised many Americans for supporting one...
Here's how Stephen Hawking predicted the world will end When he wasn't solving the mysteries of black holes and revolutionizing theoretical physics, Stephen Hawking spoke (a lot) about how the world would end. From Terminator-style robots taking over to...
You can hunt for alien planets at home with Google's AI Google has open-sourced their planet-hunting AI algorithm. In December, NASA announced they had found two exoplanets hiding in plain sight. The discovery was made by a neural network trained to...
'Deepfake' AI-generated videos threaten to wreak political havoc Forget fake news for a moment. What's replacing it? Artificial intelligence is now able to generate a convincing video of a celebrity or public figure. For illicit purposes, these videos...
This robot can ride horses at 30 mph Robojockey clears another hurdle as it's put through its paces for the first time. Bookie Betbright asked experts to build it after futurologist Ian Pearson predicted artificially intelligent robots would...
Alexa owners creeped out as devices start randomly laughing Amazon customers are freaked out that the electronic personal assistant is randomly laughing - and have flooded the company with complaints.
US military drone program uses Google's AI Google's artificial intelligence technologies are being used by the US military for one of its drone projects, causing a stir both inside and outside the company. The pilot project with...
Meet the fast food worker who never needs a day off The concern that robots will take jobs is thrust back into the spotlight after a California-based burger chain has “hired” Flippy to be its latest grill cook. According to KTLA-5,...
Finnish Ambassador urges increased Nigeria-Finland trade relations
Sixteenth meeting of Nordic and African Foreign Ministers held in Abuja, over the weekend.
The post Finnish Ambassador urges increased Nigeria-Finland trade relations appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CAMPAIGN: The German beach handball side takes the first monthly award in this season's beach handball campaign, while July has started right away with a new challenge
#dontworrybeachhappy campaign: CaipiRANHAS become first monthly winner
German beach handball side CaipiRANHAS are one step closer to winning a trip to the EHF Beach Handball Champions Cup in Catania (Sicily) in October after they emerged as first winners of the month in the EHF's beach handball campaign, #dontworrybeachhappy.
CaipiRANHAS had won the campaign's first challenge, ‘Share your best beach selfie', and also received the majority of votes in a poll with the two other weekly winners at the end of June.
However, they are likely to fierce some tough competition for the grand prize, the trip to the EHF Beach Handball Champions Cup, as they will be up against two more monthly winners, those of July and those of August.
July started straight away with the first weekly challenge, ‘Caption this', and this is your chance to enter the race as well.
Remember the rules: Every week in June, July and August, there is a #dontworrybeachhappy challenge in which a small prize, a Salming beach towel, can be won. The weekly winners then compete against each other – and have to activate their beach community – for the monthly award –and a full ‘beach pack', sponsored by Salming.
Only the monthly winners will have the chance to win the trip to the EHF Beach Handball Cup.
It's easy as that, so #dontworrybeachhappy and participate.
TEXT:
The Uber of the past eight years certainly wasn't your parents' workplace.
Former attorney general Eric Holder's recommendations into how Uber can reform its workplace were released on Tuesday and shed light on what it's like to work at a company that went from a few core team members in 2009, to the $70 billion giant it is today.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber CEO Takes Indefinite Leave of Absence 1:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
We've heard the stories of harassment, discrimination, and misconduct — and the protocols and training that need to be in place to create "Uber 2.0."
But there are also day-to-day norms that are falling under scrutiny and essentially forcing Uber to grow up.
Related: Uber Board Member Who Made Sexist Comment During All-Hands Meeting Resigns
Catered Dinners
Silicon Valley start-ups are known for their generous perks, and Uber is no exception.
While free dinners, beer and ping-pong in the office may sound preposterous to people outside of the start-up world, they're surprisingly common perks in tech community. (And of course help serve another purpose: Keeping workers in the office longer.)
Catered dinners at Uber were previously at 8:15 p.m. They're now being moved to 7 p.m. following a recommendation from the Holder report.
"Uber should consider moving the catered dinner it offers to a time when this benefit can be utilized by a broader group of employees, including employees who have spouses or families waiting for them at home, and that signals an earlier end to the work day," the report said.
Alcohol in the Workplace
Walk into many San Francisco tech offices and you'll likely find a selection of beer and wine ready for consumption. Holder's report recommends Uber establish clear rules about alcohol in the workplace.
The company should "strictly prohibit the use of controlled substances, including prohibiting consumption of alcohol during core work hours," the report said.
Or as David Bonderman, who resigned from Uber's board on Tuesday after making a sexist joke, put it:
The entrance to Uber's office in Hong Kong on March 10, 2017. Anthony Wallace / AFP - Getty Images
"Don't turn on the beer tap unless you turn on the food tap," he said in leaked audio of the company's all-hands meeting where the report was discussed.
In an effort to create a more inclusive workplace, Holder's report also recommends that Uber "support work events in which alcohol is not a strong component to ensure that employees who do not partake in consumption of alcohol still have opportunities to engage in networking and team building activities."
Oh, and he also suggests trimming their booze budget.
Expense Report Oversight
That now-infamous business outing to a South Korean escort bar, which reportedly prompted a female employee to complain, certainly shouldn't be happening again. (To be fair, it's unclear how the issue was resolved and whether it was on Uber's dime.)
But the anecdote shows how Holder's report wants to ensure Uber employees on business trips stick to their purpose.
"Uber should review its policies and procedures with respect to travel and expense reimbursements and enhance such policies to ensure that items that are inconsistent with Uber policies and procedures are not reimbursable and not reimbursed, and that proper controls are put in place to ensure compliance," the report said.
No More Excuses
Ever do something and blame your older sibling for setting a bad example? Not only are senior leaders going to be held accountable — both in performance review and pay — but Holder's report also calls on Uber to "eliminate those values which have been identified as redundant or as having been used to justify poor behavior."
Those values in question include: "Let Builders Build, Always Be Hustlin', Meritocracy and Toe-Stepping and Principled Confrontation," according to the report.
A Rockland County woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant — spewing the N-word at passengers on a local bus.
“I hope you all got your motherf–king papers,” the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday, according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook.
“I'm sick of you motherf–kers! You got papers to be in this country?” she says, standing toward the back of the bus and holding onto a pole.
Mac said he was heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed her tirade on him and others.
“Ignorance at its finest… racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through…,” he captioned the video.
In another clip of the verbal assault, the unhinged woman yells, “F–k you and your n—-r f–king people!”
And in yet a different video, the combative commuter tells someone to “go back to your f–king country.”
As the target of her tirade asks her to please stop, she gets up again and says: “First of all, in this country, we have what's called the First Amendment right,” before becoming enraged when she notices Mac filming her and proceeds to knock his phone out of his hand.
“Stop! Stop! Do not hit anybody!” the other passengers yell, as a slap can be heard off camera.
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to “grab your mother, that is your mother, please grab her,” before a man can be seen dragging her back to her seat.
“More footage of me being discriminated on, she even did it to the bus driver,” Mac wrote in the caption.
Another passenger, Vladimir Philidore, said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that she directed her ire at the bus driver first, before turning on the passengers.
“She's just going at the mouth, with the racial slurs. The N-words,” Philidore told Westchester's News12.
“Some people were scared, especially the elderly people,” he added to PIX11.
The bus driver called the authorities and the Orangetown Police Department arrested the woman.
Police, who did not release the woman's name because she was only charged with violations, said they also had to deal with her earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct, according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice.
“Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown, creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver,” wrote Orangetown Town Supervisor Chris Day in a Facebook post.
“Her behavior is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time,” he added. “I hope she learns a lesson in appropriate behavior and tolerance from the experience as she is recognized on the street as ‘crazy racist lady from the bus' for the next several years of her life.”
