Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Dozens of Hopkins County taxpayers spoke out against a proposed tax hike during a public hearing Monday.
Around 50 people packed the Board of Education's meeting room in Madisonville to voice their concerns on a proposed 3 percent utility tax that would affect tens of thousands of people across the district.
Hopkins County School Board officials argue the decline in state education funding and the pension reform crisis are the reasons to add the tax on city and county residents.
The utility tax would include individual bills like cable, water and natural gas to pump an estimated $1.5 million into the county school's general fund, according to board member Steve Faulk. If passed, Dawson Springs residents would be exempt from paying the tax because of its independent school district.
"How much of the money has the county wasted on this tech center that is just sitting out there wasting away," asked Patty Summer, one of the 14 people who verbally opposed the tax.
"Why is every generalized hint of need always tagged with 'added pension problems,' questioned Bruce Cheryl.
Many of the taxpayer's questions were left unanswered Monday night, as board members told the crowd they wouldn't respond after every constituent's time on the podium. The panel wanted to get through listening to everyone voice their concerns in a timely manner before starting the regular meeting.
Despite cutting personnel costs and staffing, officials say the uncertainties of Kentucky's legislative decisions are going to cut deep. Board members argue they'll be a million dollars short without the tax.
Because so many spoke out against the proposal, the board unanimously voted to table the vote for another time. No word yet on when that is. It's a story we'll continue to follow.
Copyright 2017. WFIE. All rights reserved.
Lloyd's of London bans alcohol during work hours
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Athletics as escapism makes sense. A recent New York Times op-ed writer reminded us that that talking sports offers a "way for people who have diametrically opposed politics to share a beer at a bar."
Well, if you enjoy sports only as an escape from political give and take, there's some bad news: You can no longer enjoy the NBA.
Take this past Wednesday, which began with LeBron James — the defending NBA champ — addressing Donald Trump's travel ban head on. "I stand with the many, many Americans who believe this does not represent what the United States is all about," James told The Hollywood Reporter. "We should continue to speak out about it."
That same day, Steph Curry — the defending MVP — publicly parted ways with the CEO of Under Armour, his corporate partner, who'd called Trump an "asset" to America. "I agree with the description," Curry told The Mercury News. "If you remove the '-et' from asset."
At first, this might just sound like defiance from a couple of athletes. But listen to their bosses.
Listen to Golden State coach Steve Kerr, whose own father was killed in a terror event in Beirut in 1984, discuss the travel ban two weeks ago.
"Having lost my father, if we're trying to combat terrorism by banishing people from coming to this country, it's the wrong way to go about it," Kerr said.
And there's San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich taking on America's racial divide this month.
"It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse," he said. "I mean, we have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimize our president."
Now, basketball has not always been our most political sport. In the 1990s, Charles Barkley offered a rather different assessment of his public platform: "I am not a role model. I am not paid to be a role model."
NBA was where Michael Jordan, Barkley's teammate on the '92 Dream Team, reportedly backed away from endorsing a Democrat, saying, "Republicans buy sneakers, too." [Editor's note: This Jordan quote has been questioned as apocryphal.]
But '92 was actually a turning point.
That Olympic "dream team" exported basketball across the planet, bringing about a new age for the game and making basketball our most cosmopolitan and personality-driven sport.
Three-fourths of the league today is black. One-fourth of the league is foreign-born. Two NBA players, Luol Deng and Thon Maker, were born in Sudan, but to us they're just NBA players.
Yes, baseball may be our national pastime, and football our national addiction. But the NBA is our nation itself: an outspoken, melting pot of a family — whether you enjoy that, or not.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For two consecutive Saturdays in April, Michelle Williams joined Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland in the desert for a Destiny's Child reunion at Coachella. The ladies wore custom Balmain creations, delivered medleys of their greatest hits, and stood tall with hundreds of dancers and members of marching bands from black colleges. According to Michelle, the DC reunion started with a phone call. “We are in touch all the time, whether it's going to dinner or something like that,” she tells Cosmopolitan.com. “I just remember Bey on the phone being like, ‘Hey, I'm doing Coachella, I'd like for you to be part of it.' And it's like, of course. Of course. When it comes to my girls, I'm going to be there as best as I can, as much as I can.”
After the first weekend of Coachella, Beyoncé's mom Tina shared on Instagram that she had reservations about how a mostly white audience would react to seeing black culture and black college culture on stage. “I was very confident,” Michelle says of Beyoncé's vision. “And you have to give it to Miss Tina. That's her daughter. A mother might have concerns that someone else might not even think about or worry about. I think she was coming from a place of, ‘You worked so hard to do this kind of show, I just don't want there to be any criticism. I don't want the criticism to overshadow the hard work that you put into this amazing production.'” For Michelle, the theme of Beyoncé's Coachella performance hit all the right notes. “I went to school for two years and was always interested in being in a sorority. Some of that stuff, I'd seen on campus. Every year they have homecoming,” she says. “Everything Beyoncé did on stage happens at Howard University, Grambling, Morehouse.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While Beyoncé went vegan to prep for Coachella, Michelle turned to something sweet and soft. “I just ate all the Honey Buns in the world… just making sure I was getting the correct intake of calories,” she says. “I'm not doing anything on purpose to be slim. I literally have to have a certain amount of calories to maintain a healthy weight. Sometimes I feel bad talking about it, [since] people concentrate on those who need to lose weight. But what about those who want to gain? That's just where I'm at. My metabolism has totally changed.”
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For Michelle, the performances bookended one of the most blissful moments of her life: the announcement that she was engaged to Chad Johnson, her pastor boyfriend who was most recently the chaplain for the Pittsburgh Steelers. “The thing is, we were engaged for a month, so finally announcing it made me relive that beautiful moment,” she says. “It's starting to settle in.” According to Michelle, letting the world in on her engagement felt like the natural next step for her relationship. “It felt like the right time. I was like, Do I not wear the ring? Do I hide it? No, tell people we're engaged! It's OK. We've been public about everything else.” Eagle-eyed Destiny's Child fans might have noticed that Michelle's ring did not make it to the Coachella stage. “God forbid I wave my hand to tell the crowd and it falls off. Crazy things have happened,” she says. “Can you imagine that? I would've lost my mind.” She did, however, rehearse with her 5-carat sparkler. “It was kind of moving up and down my knuckle and I was like, ‘Oh no, absolutely not.' My mother told me I needed to lift weights to carry this thing on my finger.”
With Coachella over, Michelle is now concentrating on the latest pieces in her home décor line, Believe by Michelle, and of course, her wedding. For starters, she still needs a date. “I just know we want a summer wedding. This year. I'm kind of visualizing the dress I want to wear… obviously picking bridesmaids will be very quick. I have a small circle of friends,” she says. “As far as colors, I'm kind of still playing with that. I want it to be classic and elegant, that's for sure.” Going into her wedding and marriage, Michelle says she hopes her and Chad's love story will encourage others to just go for it. “Get somebody who [appreciates] all of you. He loves me for who I am but I also know there are places I can grow… As long as you're open to growth, I think you will be successful.”
It's called the golf capital of the world, but many people say Naples is struggling when it comes to affordable places to play a round or two.
It's called the golf capital of the world, but many people say Naples is struggling when it comes to affordable places to play a round or two.
It's called the golf capital of the world, but many people say Naples is struggling when it comes to affordable places to play a round or two.
For many people, a day on the golf course is the perfect way to spend time with family.
“Oh my gosh. Top notch. A lot of people that come down here they want to be outside, they want to be walking around and seeing nature and what better way to do it than this,” said Lynn Van Beneden, resident of Naples.
She wanted to take her brother golfing for the day but says she had a hard time finding any public course that could fit them in and wouldn't cost a fortune.
“Unless you know someone in one of the resorts or one of the privately-owned areas, you can't get in. It's impossible,” Van Beneden said.
Many people say a day of golf can get expensive especially when you think about the fees for the club, golfballs, and the greens.
Collier County has hired a consulting firm to look at the possibility of opening a county-owned course that could fix the problem.
Dan Sullivan with the Sports Council of Collier County says a public course would make golf more accessible and affordable.
“It's good for Naples. Not just the next generation. It's good for Naples and Collier County to show we're putting back into the coffers as it were to take care of the families that are coming here now,” Sullivan said.
Van Beneden says if the sport was more affordable, the courses would be packed with young families like hers.
“Kids, in general, they need an outlet, and I think golf would be perfect."
Collier County commissioners will decide if they want to move forward with a public course at Tuesday's meeting.
California company wants to build solar farm at Lake in the Hills airport
hello
A California-based energy company is seeking to build a solar farm at the Lake in the Hills Airport. Daily Herald File Photo
A California company is eyeing the Lake in the Hills Airport to build a solar farm, village Economic Development Coordinator George Hahne said.
Village officials are in discussions with Cenergy Power, based in Carlsbad, California, which focuses on solar energy development, engineering and construction.
Cenergy has developed, engineered and built more than 300 solar projects in nine states the past 10 years. It is a clean energy company that provides renewable solar power for commercial, agricultural, and utility scale businesses, village documents show.
The company is looking to lease roughly 10 acres along the southern portion of the airport property to accommodate enough solar panel arrays to generate 2.5 megawatts of direct current electricity -- characterized by a uniform direction of flow and voltage amount -- that could provide energy to local consumers through ComEd's grid. It sells energy back to ComEd at a cost lower than traditionally produced power, documents show.
"There is a lot of unused property around there," Hahne said. "They place these solar farms in small municipal airports. Ours is like a perfect place to have one."
Like most municipal airports, Lake in the Hills has excess land purchased for potential future airport expansion, he added.
It would become the largest municipal solar project in McHenry County.
Cenergy would bear the design, construction and maintenance costs, and pay a lease rate of $2,000 per acre yearly for 21 years. The company is in discussions with five other municipalities, including three Illinois airports, documents show.
Hahne sought out Cenergy in September after reading about the company's solar projects in The Wall Street Journal.
The village board's committee of the whole will review the proposal at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday's at village hall, 600 Harvest Gates.
The board first must approve the solar farm concept and authorize staff to execute a one-year lease option agreement allowing Cenergy to perform site engineering studies at its own expense. It does not guarantee the project's approval as there are many regulatory processes before a solar farm would be allowed to operate.
Pop star Taylor Swift's civil trial concluded Monday as a Denver jury prepared to weigh in on the singer-songwriter's allegation that a local radio personality sexually assaulted her four years ago.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Taylor Swift groping trial set to begin 2:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The disc jockey, David Mueller, 55, first filed a lawsuit, claiming that Swift, 27, had him wrongfully fired after she alleged to his bosses that he sexually assaulted during a June 2, 2013 concert at the Pepsi Center in Denver. He asked for $3 million.
Swift countersued, arguing that Mueller definitely groped her beneath her clothes. She asked for $1.
Related: Here's Why Taylor Swift Chose to Sue for $1 in Sex Assault Case
U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed Mueller's suit against Swift on Friday — though he allowed the former DJ's claim that Swift's mother and a member of her management team interfered with his $150,000 a year contract at KYGO-FM to go forward.
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Martinez previously dismissed Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift because he waited too long to file it.
During closing arguments on Monday, Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, told the eight-member jury his client would have never compromised his “dream job” to reach under the skirt of one of “the planet's biggest superstars.”
Mueller, he added, is a “guy who by all accounts has been respectful of women and treated them appropriately.”
As McFarland spoke, Swift wept, Reuters reported.
Related: Taylor Swift's Former Bodyguard Says He Saw DJ Reach Under Singer's Skirt
Doug Baldridge, Swift's lawyer, countered that eight witnesses saw the assault, and that Mueller lost his job because “he grabbed her butt and got caught. Now he's victimizing her again to save his butt.”
Is Arjit Regretting Quitting Kumkum Bhagya?
When asked whether he regrets quitting Kumkum Bhagya, Arjit told IE, "To be honest, there was nothing for me to perform in the character and it was a well-thought decision, so there was never any regret. It was a new start for Vin Rana, who replaced me but I had reached a stagnant point with it."
Arjit Misses Kumkum Bhagya Team!
"Even Mrunal had quit the show so the chemistry was seeing, yes, I still miss the team but I have no complaints. They are like family to me and Kumkum will always be the best phase of my life."
Are Arjit & Mrunal Dating?
"There's zero percent truth to it. We are the closest friends and since Mrunal was my first co-star, she will always be special to me. We both have grown up together on the sets."
Arjit & Mrunal
"Initially, we used to detest each other and slowly and steadily, we built a close bond. We are in a very comfortable space and such rumours really doesn't affect our friendship."
Was Money The Reason That He Shifted To Indonesia?
"Money was definitely one of the reasons but the love of fans that's there is unmatched anywhere. The people there are the best ones; very sweet and humble."
Arjit Says…
"So, when you know you have such great fans in the region, you want to work and meet them. It was a great experience and I even had Mrunal working there with me, which was even more fun."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- It's Father's Day for many, but it's the first Father's Day for FOX Consumer Reporter and new dad Steve Noviello. To celebrate Steve showed off some of the baby and family products he uses in his own home. From a photo frame that automatically updates content remotely, to a bassinet that had his newborn sleeping through the night the first time he used it, there is something for dads in all stages of fatherhood, he said.
Nigerians were already acclaiming the decimation of Boko Haram Islamist insurgency as a major accomplishment of the President Muhammadu Buhari government after two years in power when, suddenly, it made a disheartening resurgence.
The signs that encouraged Nigerians to feel that we might be taking the war against terror off the front burner included the massive reconstruction efforts by the Borno State Government, plans to resettle internally-displaced persons in their communities, the recent release of a large number of Chibok girls from Boko Haram captivity and resumption of oil exploration in the Lake Chad Basin.
The build-up to the feeling of victory that has now turned out to be false also emanated from the Federal Government's declaration, back in December 2016, that the Boko Haram terrorists had been “technically defeated” and no longer occupied any territory. The Army and Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno State repeated this seeming good news so many times and the Army even announced it would set up a base in Sambisa Forest.
It is obvious that the exchanges of money and top commanders of Boko Haram for the Chibok girls added new impetus to the dwindling fortunes of agents of terror. It is also widely believed that the scourge of fifth columnists have returned to betray the gallant activities of our armed forces. Media reports have it that some individuals have turned into merchants of death, profiting from the activities of the insurgents as it so often happens in situations of conflict.
The killing of over 50 people and abduction of oil exploration personnel in the Magumeri area and the massacre of 30 fishermen in the Lake Chad Islands, added to the frequent invasions of the University of Maiduguri by suicide bombers, signpost a sad rebound of Boko Haram. We are worried over the demand of N100 million ransom by the terrorists to free the abducted oil workers.
We are, however, happy to note the speed with which the Armed Forces were mobilised by the Federal Government to counter the resurgence. We must, once again, close ranks with the military to ensure their success. A major weakness of the past was inability to hold down captured territories. Efforts must be made to correct this lapse to enable displaced persons return to their native communities.
We call on government and military information managers to guard against undue propaganda in disseminating information on progress made in the war against terror to avoid giving Nigerians false sense of victory. It is too serious an issue to be politicised.
More efforts must be made to pin down local collaborators and sponsors of Boko Haram and bring them to book. Without local support, Boko Haram would have been eliminated.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump entertained the idea of negotiating a new deal to block Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons Tuesday during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
“There is a chance, and nobody what Ibeing going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see,” President Trump said, apparently teasing forward to an upcoming deadline as it relates to the United States' continued participation in the deal. “But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations.”
The president further reiterated his belief that the current Iran nuclear deal, negotiated during the Obama administration, is a “bad deal” that is “falling down” and should have “never have been made.”
Trump also issued a direct warning against Iran: “If Iran threatens us if any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid.”
But even as the president suggested an openness to exploring a new Iran deal, he also hedged that such a deal may not come to fruition.
“I think we will have a shot to be a much bigger deal, maybe not deal, but we'll know fairly soon,” Trump said.
While President Trump stopped short of directly committing to the possibility of pursuing a new deal, President Macron made clear that he desires to pursue a new agreement, which Macron agreed is not sufficient to restraining Iran long term.
“It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting positions,” said Macron. “I can say that we've had very frank discussion on that, just the two of us. You consider that the Iranian deal, the JCPOA, the one negotiated in 2015 with Iran is a bad deal. For a number of months I've been saying that this was not a sufficient deal but that it enabled us at least until 2025 to have some control over their nuclear activities. We, therefore, wish to work on a new deal with Iran.”
Macron outlined his main interests in continuing to block Iran's nuclear development through 2025, something the current deal already does, while working to ensure that objectives are carried out long-term, and also end ballistic activities in the region. “France is not naive when it comes to Iran,” said Macron. “But we do not repeat the mistakes of the past.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Progressives Congress, on Sunday, alleged that the Peoples Democratic Party, at its Saturday's convention, decided to punish the South-West for voting against the PDP in the 2015 elections.
The APC made this allegation in a statement in Abuja on Sunday by its National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi.
It said the failure of the South-West to get the PDP chairmanship was a punishment meted out to the zone by the former ruling party.
The ruling party further said the national convention of the PDP had once again showed Nigerians that corruption was deeply rooted in the PDP's genes.
The APC explained that the outcome of the PDP national convention did not only reduce the opposition party to a regional party, it also exposed it as a party unwilling to change for the better.
He said, “With revelations of how money-for-votes and systematic rigging were brazenly perpetuated during the National Convention of the Peoples Democratic Party, the Progressives Congress is mindful of the popular axiom: ‘a leopard cannot change its spots'.
“The abnormalities that trailed the PDP National Convention have further exposed the PDP as a party not ready and willing to change.
“Indeed, the PDP has once again displayed itself to the generality of Nigerians that it is a party with corruption deeply rooted in its DNA.
“Again, it is tragic that the PDP, which used to pride itself as ‘the biggest political party in Africa', has now been reduced to a regional party. By frustrating the South-West's chairmanship candidates, it is unfortunate that the PDP has decided to punish the South-West for not voting for the party in 2015.”
At the convention, Prince Uche Secondus from Rivers State emerged as the chairman of the PDP in the early hours of Sunday.
The APC also urged members of the PDP, who could pass “the integrity test”, to join the APC in order to bring about the much-needed change the country deserves.
Nature-based solutions can play an important role in improving the supply and quality of water and reducing the impact of natural disasters, according to the newly launched 2018 edition of the United Nations World Water Development Report.
The study, presented at the 8th World Water Forum in Brasilia (Brazil) by Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, Gilbert Houngbo and Chair of UN-Water, argues that reservoirs, irrigation canals and water treatment plants are not the only water management instruments at our disposal.
The said while use of nature-based solutions remains marginal and almost all investments are still channelled to grey infrastructure projects, to satisfy growing demand for water, green infrastructure appears is a promising solution complementing traditional approaches.
Authors of the report call for greater balance between traditional and nature-based solutions, especially given that nature-based solutions are best aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the UN in 2015. Coordinated by the UN World Water Assessment Programme of UNESCO, the UN World Water Development Report is is the fruit of collaboration between the 31 UN entities and 39 international partners that comprise UN-Water. Its publication coincides with World Water Day, marked every year on 22 March.
Titled “Nature-based Solutions for Water, the report recognises water not as an isolated element, but as an integral part of a complex natural process that involves evaporation, precipitation and the absorption of water through the soil.
“We need new solutions in managing water resources so as to meet emerging challenges to water security caused by population growth and climate change. If we do nothing, some five billion people will be living in areas with poor access to water by 2050.
“This Report proposes solutions that are based on nature to manage water better. This is a major task all of us need to accomplish together responsibly so as to avoid water related conflicts,” said the UNESCO DG.
According to Gilbert Houngbo, Chair of UN-Water and President of the International Fund for Agricultural Development: “For too long, the world has turned first to human-built, or ‘grey', infrastructure to improve water management.
In so doing, it has often brushed aside traditional and Indigenous knowledge that embraces greener approaches.
“Three years into the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, it is time for us to re-examine nature-based solutions (NBS) to help achieve water management objectives.”
It is estimated that agricultural production could be increased by about 20 percent worldwide if greener water management practices were used.
One study cited by the Report reviewed agricultural development projects in 57 low-income countries and found that using water more efficiently combined with reductions in the use of pesticides and improvements in soil cover, increased average crop yields by 79 percent.
(AP) — It didn't take Claude Julien long to find another job. Unfortunately for Michel Therrien it's at his expense.
Montreal has suddenly fired Therrien and replaced him with Julien who was fired as Bruins coach a week ago.
The move comes as the Canadiens continue to lead the Atlantic Division by six points. But Montreal is a league worst 1-5-1 since the start of February.
Therrien was in his fifth season of his second tour of duty as Canadiens coach and had three playoff appearances with a trip to the 2014 Eastern Conference final.
They missed the playoffs last season after goaltender Carey Price injured his knee in November.
Julien returns to Montreal, where he coached from 2003-2006. He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins in 2011 and was the longest-tenured coach in the NHL until last week.
The Habs first game under Julien will be Saturday at home against Winnipeg.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Amazon has stopped selling some solar eclipse glasses on the site that did not meet safety standards, citing "an abundance of caution."
"Out of an abundance of caution and in the interests of our customers, we asked third-party sellers that were offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify their products were compliant with relevant safety standards," the company said in a statement. Amazon only removed products that didn't provide the documentation. All other solar eclipse glasses that submitted safety information to Amazon are still listed on the site. NASA warns that looking directly into a solar eclipse without proper protection can cause retinal burns, which can lead to temporary or permanent blindness.
Twyman, a 59-year-old self-described "space nerd" from Independence, Missouri, told BuzzFeed News she bought a two-pack of solar eclipse clip-on lenses for her and her husband in early July. "This has always been on my bucket list," she said. "Having the chance to see the solar eclipse, as a cancer patient...this may be my only shot. That's why we ordered them in advance because we knew it was coming."
"Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer," the email read. "We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse." Twyman said she spent the day driving to three hardware stores and two grocery stores in her area to find another pair of glasses which were completely out of solar eclipse eyewear. A friend recommended that she go to a local library, where they were distributing free cardboard lenses that they claimed could be used to safely view the eclipse. "On the one hand you're really glad Amazon did everyone the courtesy of checking and finding this out because people could've been seriously hurt if people had used the glasses," said Twyman. "I'm delighted I'm not blinding myself, but on the other hand a timelier notice would've been nice." The American Astronomical Society warns consumers to only use solar eclipse glasses that comply with ISO 12312-2 safety standards. Amazon customers who purchased glasses can contact the company with any questions or concerns.
Leticia Miranda is a consumer affairs reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Leticia Miranda at leticia.miranda@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Following the Eagles‘ Classic West and East gigs, the group will once again hit the road this fall for four “An Evening With the Eagles” concerts.
Like their Classic shows with Fleetwood Mac in Los Angeles and New York and Seattle, country singer Vince Gill and guitarist Deacon
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Eagles Announce ‘An Evening With' Fall Tour
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Each week, an average of 12 apparently fit and healthy young people in the UK collapse and die due to undiagnosed heart conditions.
But a simple screening can help to change this and save lives.
Vital Signs Foundation (VSF), the North West based heart charity, are passionate about changing this statistic and have already made a massive difference to the safety and wellbeing of many young lives in the Chester area.
Their 21st heart screening programme took place at Christleton High School for the young people of Tattenhall and surrounding villages.
Almost 100 young adults aged between 16 and 35 were seen by cardiac specialists from Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital and local paramedics.
Everyone completed a health screening form, received a blood pressure check, an ECG and where necessary an Echocardiogram (an ultrasound).
(Image: UGC)
The results of the tests were analysed by cardiologist Dr Jay Wright, discussed with each individual and a course of action agreed over any issues detected. Attendees also benefited from CPR and defibrillator training.
As well as helping the 4% of all those screened who have been identified with undiagnosed heart conditions, the charity has been able to help countless others by giving them peace of mind, lowering levels of anxiety and allowing young people to live active lives again in the knowledge they have a healthy heart.
Many describe the experience as ‘having been given their freedom back'.
Critical to the charity is that screenings are available to all within the age criteria and are therefore offered free of charge.
To enable this to happen VSF rely hugely on generous support and donations.
The foundation is extremely grateful to Illingworth Seddon Chartered Financial Advisers, the primary sponsors of this event, together with the Waitrose community programme and individual donations which enabled this critical screening to take place.
If you would like to know more about this programme, where the next screening is being held or how to book a place, please visit the website www.vsf.org.uk or write to info@vsf.org.uk.
“We are a small and very driven charity with huge ambitions. We work extremely hard to keep our costs down to the essentials, ensuring we can screen as many people as possible,” said Lynn Hedgecoe, a heart patient and trustee for the charity.
“A screening costs £30 per head and we try to screen 100 people each session.”
The Book of Henry Trailer Reaction
I was not ready for #TheBookofHenry. I plopped down in my chair, hit play, and proceeded and experienced a modicum of amusement with premise and setup of some hyper smart kid and how people drool over his intelligence. Then, about halfway through the trailer things make a sharp shift in focus and tone and my inner child is unleashed, introduced, and smitten with The Book of Henry in less than 60 seconds. It was unreal, see for yourself!
Trailer Reaction
Just the Trailer
Geez man. How can you not fall in love with that? Plus, it's Colin Trevorrow's next film after his success with Jurassic World and right before he delivers Star Wars episode 9 in a couple years. I imagine that this film is a bit of a labor of love for him since his days with Safety Not Guaranteed since it doesn't seem to be on the same scale as a film like Jurassic World or Star Wars. Let me know what you guys think in the comments. That's all for now…
This story is about Published 1h
Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott on laying low: 'You learn from your mistakes. If you don't, it can be brutal' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tony Gutierrez/AP Dallas Cowboys' Jeff Heath (38) attempts to strip the ball from running back Ezekiel Elliott as they run drills during an NFL football practice at the team's training facility, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
By Kate Hairopoulos , Staff Writer Contact Kate Hairopoulos on Twitter: @khairopoulos
FRISCO -- Ezekiel Elliott earned the NFL rushing crown in his first year with the Cowboys, but off-the-field issues also accompanied the blockbuster success. With Dallas' offseason program ending Thursday, Elliott said he has purposefully tried to avoid the scrutiny that always follows him. "Just kind of want to stay out the way," Elliott said Wednesday after minicamp practice. "Whatever you do is going to be seen. That's what I've been doing for the past six weeks." What went into Elliott making that decision?
Ezekiel Elliott explains why he's not concerned about changes to Cowboys' O-line
"It's just life," he said. "You learn from your mistakes. If you don't, it can be brutal." Elliott allowed that the scrutiny is even more intense than he expected when he began playing for the Cowboys. Early in the offseason, he came under fire when cameras caught him pulling down a woman's top at Dallas' St Paddy's Day block party in Lower Greenville. The NFL continues to investigate whether he violated its personal conduct policy after a woman alleged assault, though phone records were recently turned over that could signal a resolution is coming to the almost year-long investigation. Elliott was a passenger in a vehicle that was involved in a car accident that caused him to miss the first week of organized team activities.
Elliott said that he realizes his career is finite.
Why you should expect NFL investigation into Ezekiel Elliott to wrap up before season starts
"Definitely this game we play is brutal, especially at my position," he said. "You got guys like [Jason Witten] and [Darren McFadden] who can play forever, but you never know when your time is going to be. So, you have to take advantage of what you have and right now. "We're in a great situation to do some great things. I've got to do everything I can to maximize these moments." Running backs coach Gary Brown said he's seen a change in Elliott, evidenced by his work in the running backs room, the questions he's asking and his approach on the field. "He's slowed down a little bit," Brown said. "He understands the opportunity that is before him. ... I've seen him get more into his craft."
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Argos pulled it out over Mississippi College under Friday night lights to move to 4-1 on the season and 2-1 in the Gulf South Conference. Eric J. Wallace / ejwallace@pnj.com
UWF quarterback Grey Jackson (10) takes the snap against Mississippi College at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
The University of West Florida didn't always look pretty under the Friday night lights at Blue Wahoos Stadium, but a late pick-6 and a stifling defensive performance lifted the Argos to a 28-14 win over Mississippi College.
Here are five takeaways from the UWF (4-1, 2-1) win:
1. Jackson makes first collegiate start
Starting quarterback Mike Beaudry was shaken up late in last week's win over Florida Tech and was still in concussion protocol throughout the week.
That left the starting job to either Grey Jackson or Kalu Onumah, neither of whom had started a collegiate game.
Jackson got the gig and though he didn't shine – finishing 10-of-21 for 101 yards – the offense still managed to get three rushing touchdowns on the night as he battled his own injury.
“Once I got out there though I was just playing football,” Jackson said. “…(My wrist) has been hit or miss. Some days are good days, some days are bad days. Today, the adrenaline, I think there was really only one time where I landed on it and said, ‘Ow.'”
UWF defensive backs Josh Marshall (6) and Jalen Spencer (4) work to break up a pass intended for Mississippi College's Nathan Faciane at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
2. Takeaways turn the tide
Mississippi College (0-6, 0-4) had a chance to tie the game late in the fourth quarter before defensive back Marvin Conley took it the other way.
Facing fourth-and-goal inside the 10-yard line, Conley stepped in front of a pass and returned it 98 yards for the game-sealing touchdown.
“As the quarterback was getting tackled I just ran underneath it and ran as fast as I could,” Conley said. “I actually tried to look at the Jumbo Tron a little bit to see if anyone was around me but once I got about 10 yards out I knew it was over.”
It was UWF's fourth takeaway of the night, a statistic UWF and first-year defensive coordinator have wanted to dominate this season.
“To get that many turnovers in the second half is huge,” Shinnick said. “We talked at halftime and we felt like if everybody could get on the same page, good things were going to take place.
UWF wide receiver Rodney Coates (2) tries to get away from Mississippi College's Blake Miller (4) at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
3. Slow start, but a quality second half
Shinnick did not sugarcoat his team's first-half performance: It stunk.
Trailing 14-7 to a winless team and struggling to generate much offense, UWF's head coach sent a message in the halftime locker room, challenging the Argos in every facet.
“I talked to them at halftime and I told them that if we wanted to be the team we expect to be, we've got to come out and play a really good 30 minutes. They really did.”
His team did just that, shutting out Mississippi College in the second half and scoring 21 points to rally to the win.
UWF's Martes Wheeler (19) runs off the field celebrating after the Argos recovered a fumble by the Mississippi College Choctaws at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
4. Dulin's defense making its mark
UWF's defense has been a touchdown and two-point conversion better through its first five games under defensive coordinator Darian Dulin.
The Argos allowed 28.4 points per game in the first five games last year, a number UWF has cut to 20.8 in 2017.
It's been a fun progression according to Conley, who said the team fully trusts they'll be put into the right positions by Dulin.
“We go over a lot of things in practice and watch a lot of film,” Conley said. “We do a lot of walkthroughs and ask a lot of questions. When we're out there and he sees the formation, he knows exactly what to call so we just execute to the best of our ability.”
UWF running back Anthony Johnson, Jr. (32), a Pace High School graduate, cuts back inside to avoid Mississippi College's Reggie Bennett (23) at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
5. Assessing at the halfway point
Hurricane Irma cancelled a home game against Midwestern State. Tropical Storm, and potential hurricane, Nate forced the rescheduling
Sandwiched between those storms was the most dramatic win in program history, at the expense of an injury to the team's starting quarterback.
Through it all, the Argos have emerged 4-1 and with plenty of confidence as the more difficult second half of the season begins.
“Hopefully the second half is a little more normal,” Shinnick laughed. “To already have a game cancelled, have a game moved up and, you know, our university is going to be shut down for the second time. It's just been unique.
“Not being a Florida person. Not knowing what that's all about. It's been a tremendous learning experience for me and all my staff.”
UWF's Rodney Coates (2) beats Mississippi College's Blake Miller (4) and comes down with a first down catch at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
Gary and Pat Poole of Mansfield recently celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary during a family Christmas dinner. They have also planned a trip to Hawaii to celebrate.
Pat Chavez and Gary Poole were married Dec. 27, 1966, in Boise, Idaho.
The couple have lived in Boise and Mansfield during their marriage.
They are the parents of a son and daughter-in-law, Douglas and Tina Poole of Mansfield; and a daughter and son-in-law, Margo and Eric Smith of East Wenatchee. They have…
Irrfan Khan shares FIRST photo post illness with an EMOTIONAL poem | FilmiBeat
Irrfan Khan is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in London, as he's been diagnosed with Neuroendocrine Tumour. The actor has been in contact with his fans through Instagram by posting about his treatment and a few philosophical quotes. The actor posted a picture of his shadow along with a caption about life and its journey. He said,
"God speaks to each of us as he makes us, then walks with us silently out of the night. These are the words we dimly hear: You, sent out beyond your recall, go to the limits of your longing. Embody me. Flare up like a flame and make big shadows I can move in. Let everything happen to you: beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final. Don't let yourself lose me. Nearby is the country they call life. You will know it by its seriousness. Give me your hand #rainermariarilke."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Kian Hagerman
Mesa Legend
Health and fitness are important for those who desire to lead an active, fulfilling life and there are countless YouTube channels dedicated to these topics. The hosts of these videos often speak in absolutes, confident in the information that they communicate to their viewers. It is necessary to keep in mind when watching these channels that while the advice provided can be valuable, that skepticism should be applied. Anything one might decide to try should be thoroughly researched, especially given how easy it is to educate oneself using the vast resources available these days on the internet alone. This means doing some reading, and being willing to ask others that are more knowledgeable when it comes to a specific meal plan or workout regimen for more detailed data.
Consultation with a physician is also a step one should take to stay safe; if one's health is a concern then ideally this is one decision that should not be taken lightly. Medical professionals are trained to know the ins and outs of the human body, and what it is equipped to handle. Having one as a guide when deciding the best method to choose, can help avoid disaster. Living in a society means not existing in a vacuum; take advantage of the fact that there are those that have dedicated their lives to the study and advancement of the collective knowledge of every conceivable topic.
Dietary plans can be extremely effective, if compatible with a person, or can be extremely dangerous if not. Even if compatible, sticking to a very specific, narrowly focused diet can also lead to nutritional deficiencies, if the diet isn't properly balanced for those that intend to follow them for extended periods of time. Exercises, particularly those that involve weightlifting, can injure someone for life if performed improperly. Knowing the extent of one's abilities and not pushing too hard, too fast can ensure that physical activities can be performed throughout one's life.
It can be difficult to temper enthusiasm when motivated to improve one's quality of life but staying safe while doing so should always be kept in mind.Even more so when watching someone who is communicating with the intention of motivating their audience.
The Baker Spartans were plagued by penalties and fell to the Huntley Project Red Devils 37-0 last Friday night.
By Cameron MacKay & Aaron Smith
The Baker Spartans were plagued by penalties and fell to the Huntley Project Red Devils 37-0 last Friday night. This loss takes the Spartans to 3-2 on the year with both losses being conference games. Keenan Reynolds, Lane Sumner and Tylan Croy were among the Red Devils that gave the Spartans trouble. In the first quarter, Huntley found the end zone by way of Keenan reception from Tylan, PAT no good. The Spartans were stood up inside the 10-yard line of Huntley late in the second quarter and turned the ball over on downs. The Red Devils capitalized on the turnover and scored along TO run by Lane, PAT no good, making it 12-0 at half.
In the second half, the scoreboard again was ruled by Huntley Project. Tylan not only threw a touchdown to Keenan, PAT good by Croy, but also recovered an unlucky snap that went over the punter's head from the Spartans for a touchdown, PAT no good. Lane then had another rushing touchdown with the PAT no good. The last score of the game was a pass from Tylan to Keenan with another failed PAT.
The Spartans rushed well with their leading rusher being Dalton Herbst-Holestine on 35 carries for 116 yards, with Morgan Rising behind him with 13 carries for 71 yards. The Spartans were led in tackles by Dalton with 8, along with Andrew Craft and Trevor Lingle both with 6 tackles. Javon DeGrand had a blocked extra point attempt. The Spartans travel to Shepherd to take on the Mustangs on Oct. 6 at 7 p.m.
By Vincent Ujumadu
YOUTHS of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio- cultural organization, have urged political parties presenting candidates for the November 18 governorship election in Anambra State to ensure that a youth emerges the next governor of the state.
Rising from a meeting, in Awka weekend, a coalition of Ohanaeze youth groups observed that non recognition of the youths in politics contributed significantly to the ongoing agitations in South East.
Though, the youths faulted the stand of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) that governorship election would not hold in Anambra State, they said that they, however, identified with the demands of the Biafra agitators.
Coordinator of Peace Ambassadors and Eastern Forum of Ohanaeze, Mr. Chizzy Umeobi and Mr. Christopher Okoli, treasurer of Ohanaeze youths, insisted that Anambra election must hold, adding, however, that political parties that failed to produce a youth as its candidate would not get the blessing and support of Anambra youths.
Umeobi said: “It is this neglect of the youths by political parties in the South East that is causing the agitations by IPOB, MASSOB and other pro-Biafra groups. What we are saying is that youths should be given a chance to contest the November 18 governorship election and we have such youths in all the political parties.
“We assure any party that fails to give its ticket to a youth that it will fail the governorship election. We don't belong to any political party, but we need a youth in the system.
OneUnited Bank in Boston has a plan to remain relevant while continuing to press for social justice.
The $664 million-asset OneUnited — the nation's biggest black-owned bank — in the last past year has launched a debit card with the Black Lives Matter movement, backed pro quarterback Colin Kaepernick's protests during the National Anthem, and sponsored a fund-raising drive dedicated to eliminating racial disparities in criminal justice.
The key to sticking around to support such endeavors lies in a business model aimed at becoming a digitally focused retail bank, said Teri Williams, OneUnited's president. In many regards, Williams wants OneUnited to look more like USAA in San Antonio.
“I'm really impressed with” USAA, Williams said in an recent interview, adding that she has often considered asking USAA executives to brief her on the banking and insurance giant's approach to courting and keeping clients.
“They seem to understand the model,” Williams said. “Customers are lifelong members that they care for through the journey. I admire them for that. … They really get it.”
USAA, for its part, appreciated the compliment.
“We're always striving to serve our members to the best of our ability,” spokeswoman Tiffany Edmonds said.
OneUnited, meanwhile, has scaled back its physical operations, closing a pair of branches in Los Angeles last year. At the same time, the bank has added thousands of ATMs that customers can access without a fee; it also plans to add Apple Pay to its menu of online services.
The strategic shift is critical at a time when the ranks of black-owned and black-operated banks total just 23 institutions, based on data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. That compares with 44 prior to the financial crisis.
On its face, the contrast between OneUnited and USAA couldn't be sharper. Activism at USAA's $79 billion-asset bank rarely extends beyond extolling the military, whose service members comprise the core of its customer base.
It is USAA's service ethos — not its marketing — that has caught Williams' eye.
USAA boasts a cutting-edge mobile-banking app, a long and robust menu of products and services and consistently top-notch reviews for customer service.
OneUnited is determined to move in that general direction, and more products are in the works, Williams said.
“We're going to have a lot more than basic checking and savings,” she said.
Though a significant proportion of its clients now are online-only, OneUnited's transformation has yet to produce breakout financial results. The bank has lost $835,000 so far this year, after earning a total of $5.9 million from 2012 to 2016.
OneUnited's remaining five branches are concentrated in historically black communities: Roxbury in Boston, Liberty City in Miami and Compton in Los Angeles. Those neighborhoods were hit especially hard by the financial crisis, and its ill-effects have lingered longer.
Black communities “have lagged behind disproportionately” during the economic recovery, said Maude Toussaint-Comeau, a senior business economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
“They still have homes underwater, high unemployment and issues with credit,” Toussaint-Comeau said. “Housing related shocks and unemployment related shocks have affected these communities. People are struggling and that has resulted in lower levels of demand for business services.”
Banks that served those clients also suffered. Several have failed, including the $298 million-asset Seaway Bank & Trust in Chicago, the $67 million-asset North Milwaukee State Bank and the $272 million-asset Capitol City Bank & Trust in Atlanta.
Many of the remaining institutions received an unexpected lift last summer, when a movement urging consumers to open accounts at black banks sprang up. While OneUnited's deposits jumped sharply last year, they are down almost 2% since then, totaling $370 million on Sept. 30.
Williams, however, is hopeful that the effort will gain more traction over the long term.
“We're working for a movement, not a moment in time,” Williams said.
You could say the new work week is “off with a bang”. Temperatures were surging on Monday afternoon. As the heat grew, the daily sea breeze triggered a shield of heavy rain away from the coast. Inland Miami-Dade and inland Broward were both hit with strong storms. There were torrential downpours that didn't move much. Suddenly, some areas were even under flood alerts. This active pattern will likely continue well into the week, but stay mainly contained to the afternoon time frame. For south Florida it's a combination of “extra” summer heat and active sea breeze circulations. It's worth noting that light wind speeds will prevent any rain showers from moving along quickly. Locations may again get dumped by a deluge once rain showers become nearly stationary. Meanwhile, in the tropics we're watching Gert in the western Atlantic (with no threat to land). Also, there's a distant disturbance in the eastern Atlantic. This far away wave may become the season's next system with development possible later in the week.
Much like a large majority of the football public around here that has closely followed the Dallas Cowboys over the last two decades, I will confess that I don't really know how to process the events of Sunday afternoon in Philadelphia. So, I won't.
Forgive me, but I am far more used to high-stakes games being played in Week 17 where the destiny of the entire season is being determined over one 60-minute contest against a bitter rival in, usually, a bitter setting. I am also used to fretting over the injury report and wondering whether someone will get fired for the result (before remembering that there is no way Jason Garrett is ever getting fired).
So, preparing to write up some thoughts on this Week 17 affair in Philadelphia, I was certainly struck with how pretty much nothing that happened Sunday mattered.
Oh sure, there were a few things that jumped off the screen in the meaningless loss. Not the least of which was the first (and only?) series where the familiar face of Tony Romo was leading the huddle and then the offense right down the field with a quick and decisive drive that ended in 7 points.
Romo appeared as sharp as a knife, making strong and swift decisions and putting the ball right where he wanted it to go as if he was still at the height of his powers. It verified how strong his practice performances have been, where observers gush at how it looks like "old Tony" out there.
Of course, we know that the only way to verify if he really is as good as new would be to leave him out there to take some of the hits that Mark Sanchez received in the second half after the Cowboys offensive line was stripped down to the bare necessities to get them through the game. Like in practice, Tony was not touched. Travis Frederick and Zack Martin did their part inside, but Ron Leary joined Tyron Smith in sitting out the contest and were replaced by Joe Looney and Emmett Cleary. Those two, along with Doug Free - who is not blocking Brandon Graham under any circumstances - made pass protection a far more adventurous prospect against an Eagles front that stymied the starters back in Week 8.
Sanchez was tossed around quite a bit and spooked into some poor throws. Whether Romo could have withstood those hits and blitzes with his health and nerves intact is mere speculation, but the Cowboys were not about to leave him in there to find out.
That, for me, seemed a bit curious to be honest. Yes, the Eagles likely would have tried to test his body out and see if his core is up for any more challenges than it has shown in the last 18 months that have seen him knocked out of action on three separate occasions for a minimum of two months each time. But, if you sincerely hoped to prepare him for the playoffs, it would seem that getting that first hit out of the way would have done some good.
Were they simply trying to prop up some sort of offseason trade value? And if so, would six plays - no matter how impressive - really cause some team that was not interested in his services on Saturday to change its mind by Sunday?
Because I do see real value in increasing his preparedness for the playoffs, and I would have given him the entire second quarter. That, ironically enough, perhaps would have saved us from the two interceptions that Sanchez promptly threw on two of his first three series in charge of the Cowboys offense. This powerhouse unit was stripped down without many of its key parts, and after the two giveaways quickly just wanted to get to halftime before any further damage was done.
In the second half, it was pretty clear that the Cowboys joined me in simply hoping the game would switch to a running clock. There was nothing particularly noteworthy from players of great significance, but I would offer a few quick thoughts from the game before we turn the page:
Randy Gregory still has all of the traits that made me happy the Cowboys took him when they did at the end of Round 2 in the 2015 draft. Yes, that looks silly to say, given that he might be leaving again soon on yet another suspension, but I would offer you the premise that this is what the draft is all about. You want the best crack at quality at the cheapest price possible. It is the difference between Ezekiel Elliott and Dak Prescott, to be honest. There is almost nothing Elliott can do that makes him exceed expectations. To be clear, he is meeting his expectations, but merely duplicating Darren McFadden's stat line from last season was not going to be enough. He had to compete for a rushing title. He had to make a significant difference. And even when he did, it would be more from a standpoint of living up to his hype, rather than shocking anyone.
Prescott is quite the opposite. The bar from him was simply to prove a worthy backup QB within 3 seasons. That is all he had to do is show that in 2018, he could win a few games in relief of the starter at the time, who the Cowboys figured would still be Tony Romo. He has exceeded it so much that the future of his predecessor appears to be elsewhere. That is called jumping over your bar.
Now, where is Gregory? I admit, as we end Year 2 that we are pretty much right where we started - except a bit more aggravated that he still is dealing with the very causes of his slide in the first place. Anyone that sees one snap can see that he is incredibly gifted with a skill-set that is rare and highly coveted. But, anyone that can read sees that he appears to be his own worst enemy. So, those who wanted the Cowboys to look elsewhere at that portion of the draft seem vindicated, but I still hold on to the belief that he is going to be superb for somebody before it is all said and done. But, those flashes, including another few Sundays, may be all we have if the league doesn't respond favorably to another appeal of discipline in the next week.
Meanwhile, I am asked all of the time what gives me the most cause for concern in the playoffs for this 13-3 juggernaut. Let's start with the fact that there isn't much. This team is pretty healthy and pretty solid everywhere you look. Its secondary is better than it appears on paper and the defensive front has hardly been an issue all year.
I am quite concerned with the last month from Doug Free. He has been a very solid pro for a long time, but his diminishing performances recently have me believing this is his last run as a starter on this line. Right tackle will be occupied by someone new next season, although the Cowboys do have some appealing internal options. He just can't stay in front of elite pass rushers anymore and Danielle Hunter, Brandon Graham, and even Romeo Okwara have made that abundantly clear. With a healthy Tyron Smith, you can always slide help Free's way, but if Tyron isn't right, things get complicated.
Beyond that, this team looks ready. There are matchups that seem more favorable than others, but any battle happens here and the Cowboys can rest while the field bludgeons each other for the right to limp to Dallas in 14 days time. The Cowboys have earned this and will be expected to play in their first NFC Championship Game since 1995.
These Eagles game will offer nothing terribly memorable, aside from Romo's 6 snaps, but 2016 has been anything but forgettable.
Now, the real fun - and stress that goes with it - begins.
LSU head coach Ed Orgeron celebrates with his players after a win over Texas A&M in an NCAA football game at Kyle Field on Thursday, Nov. 24, 2016, in College Station, Texas. LSU won the game 54-39. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Texas coach Tom Herman has desperately tried to find a way into Louisiana for a satellite camp this summer.
And on three different occasions, Herman and his staff were told that plans changed and the Longhorns were no longer welcomed at the host college, according to Sports Illustrated.
Why? LSU doesn't want Herman -- or really any Power Five peer, for that matter -- snooping around Louisiana for young talent at satellite camps. According to SI's Pete Thamel, Arkansas, Texas A&M and Houston were all disinvited to a camp at Southeastern Louisiana this summer.
While recent news of a Texas-Belhaven camp fallout made waves Tuesday, LSU's mindset isn't a new one under Ed Orgeron, who was promoted from interim coach to head coach at the end of last season.
Last year, former LSU coach Les Miles was incredibly upset with Tulane for its camp agreement with Texas A&M. When LSU hosted satellite camps this summer, the Tigers invited essentially everybody but Tulane.
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley kicks off his campaign to win the GOP nomination for U.S. Senate last week. Margaret Stafford AP
Tickets start at $10 and are on sale now. They can be purchased by phone at 1-800-313-SHOW (7469), online at www.StarCasino.com/tickets, or via the "Buy Tickets" tab on Shooting Star's Facebook page: www.Facebook.com/ShootingStarCasino.
Starship was established in 1984 when members of the bands Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship joined together. In 1985, their first single, "We Built This City," skyrocketed to No. 1, became their first Gold-certified hit, and received a Grammy Award nomination for "Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group." Starship's first studio album, "Knee Deep in the Hoopla," became Platinum-certified and reached the Top 10. Two more songs from the album reached the Top 40, "Tomorrow Doesn't Matter Tonight," which hit No. 26, and "Sara," which hit No. 1.
Their sophomore album, "No Protection," peaked at No. 12 on the charts following its release in 1987 and produced Top 10 hit, "It's Not Over ('Til It's Over)." That same year, the band penned "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" for the movie, "Mannequin," which became Starship's third No. 1 hit and received an Academy Award nomination for "Best Original Song."
In 1989, Starship went on to release a third album, "Love Among the Cannibals," which included Top 20 hit, "It's Not Enough." In 1991, Starship dropped their first compilation album, "Starship: Greatest Hits (Ten Years and Change 1979-1991)," which included two new tracks, titled "Don't Lose Any Sleep" and "Good Heart."
Over the years, Starship's songs have been featured in a number of blockbuster hits, including "Rock of Ages," "Guardians of the Galaxy," and "Skeleton Twins." In 2013, Starship released "Loveless Fascination," its first studio album since 1989. Today, Starship is still touring around the world, entertaining audiences with their chart-topping hits.
TOKYO (AP) — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence assured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the United States stands “100 percent” behind its anchor ally in Asia in working to defuse risks from North Korea's nuclear program.
Pence struck a stern tone as he began talks with Abe and other Japanese leaders after arriving at a U.S. naval base from South Korea.
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said. “We are with you 100 percent.”
The Trump administration has signaled a more forceful U.S. stance toward North Korea's recent missile tests and threats, including a warning from Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has “gotta behave.”
On Monday, Pence traveled to the tense Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea, where he warned North Korea's leaders that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
A senior North Korean official then accused the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
At the outset of his meeting with Abe, Pence said that “While all options are on the table,” Trump was determined to work with Japan, South Korea and other allies in the region to resolve the problem.
Pence, on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take him to Indonesia and Australia, said Trump hopes China will use its leverage to get its longtime ally North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program. But the vice president expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal Tuesday for calm on the Korean Peninsula.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless.” Pressure on North Korea is crucial, the prime minister said.
After meeting with Abe, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on a new U.S.-Japan “economic dialogue” to be led by the two.
The new forum for trade talks was launched by Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February. In part, it is meant to take the place of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the regional trade pact that Trump withdrew from shortly after taking office.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Pence's advisers told reporters that he hopes to win better U.S. access to Japanese markets and to attract more Japanese investment in the U.S.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. trade representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
The loss of U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening its long-protected farm sector to more imports, especially of dairy and meat products.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem eager to downplay potential for conflict.
“My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation,” Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko, earlier Tuesday, said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
___
Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi contributed to this report.
In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at in the Utah wilderness built nearly 50 years ago by his father and uncle. Instead, Lewis and his family will spend the holiday nervously waiting to hear if a half century of family memories go up in smoke. (Darren Lewis via AP)
Swearinger's extra point brings Redskins camp to an end
hello
FILE - This Aug. 1, 2017 file photo shows Washington Redskins free safety D.J. Swearinger (36) stretching during practice at the Washington Redskins NFL training camp in Richmond, Va. The Redskins are hoping Swearinger is the answer at their free safety position. The team signed the 25 year old in the offseason and also gained a very vocal leader. Swearinger celebrates each defensive stand the defense makes, even in practice, and says he views it as his job to keep energy levels high. Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. -- The Washington Redskins wrapped up their Richmond training camp Monday with a brief workout that ended when free safety D.J. Swearinger kicked an extra point that barely cleared the crossbar.
Swearinger's kick came after coach Jay Gruden invited cornerback Bashaud Breeland to try one, keeping alive a tradition of ending camp by asking a player to do something outside the ordinary. Last year, defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois caught a punt. Breeland, however, missed his kick badly.
"Call me money," Swearinger said as the team filed off the field to sign autographs for volunteers who worked throughout the three-week camp.
Swearinger said the opportunity brought him back to his middle school days when he handled kickoffs.
"I knew, as soon as it left the foot, man, it was good," he said.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
By Jude Opara, Abuja
With barely two weeks to the make or mar FIFA 2018 World Cup qualifier between the Super Eagles and the Indomitable Lions of Cameroon, Nigerian soccer fans have been told not to nurse any fears about the current African champions.
Chairman of the Senate Committee on Sports, Senator Obinna Ogba who insists that there is nothing special about Cameroon told Sports Vanguard in Abuja that people should not continue to judge the Super Eagles based on their last game which they lost 0-2 to the visiting Bafana Bafana of South Africa last June.
According to Ogba, Nigeria lost the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier to South Africa due to a number of factors including the fact that most of the key players were not available for selection.
“There is really nothing special about Cameroon. Yes they are the African champions, yes we know they just played in the FIFA Confederations Cup, but we will surely qualify for the Russia 2018World Cup.
“Many people are expressing fears because we lost to South Africa in the AFCON qualifier, but we lost that match because most of our key players were out. Victor Moses was to undergo an operation then and there was this discussion whether he will play that match in June. If he had played, he would have gone for the operation later and that means he would not have been able to play against Cameroon. Mikel was not there and the issue of Carl Ikeme is also there.
“But this time. it is going to be a different thing altogether because most of our key players are ready to go, secondly the pressure is on Cameroon with just two points and thirdly, most of our players know that this is their last chance to play at the World Cup. All these factors will motivate them to win that game. Let me also add that we have approved all the funds they will need to prosecute the two games against Cameroon next month “
The former first vice president of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) further revealed that the federation has assured that they have put every necessary arrangement in place to ensure total victory on September 1 in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State.
If you're not over-stuffed on funky, artisanal pizzas, make room for PQR's Roman-style, rectangular slices ($4 to $8).
The new spot at 1631 Second Ave. (near East 85th Street) is the only place in town that boasts the airy-yet-crispy pizza crust made famous by PQR partner and head chef Angelo Iezzi, who began tossing his signature dough in Rome in 1987. He went on to become a “pizza god,” according to PQR owner Fabio Casella, who also runs nearby San Matteo.
Iezzi, who first learned to make pizza at age 13, was regarded by Italy's old-school pizza masters as a dangerous renegade when he launched his contrarian style, which relies on a lighter dough, in the late 1980s. But it soon caught on, and he now heads a global pizza-making school called Associazione Pizzerie Italiane in Rome.
The Iezzi process starts with special flour. PQR uses taglio alle romana, a soft wheat variety that's not as heavy as the ubiquitous “00” flour. It's used to form a dough that ferments for 96 hours and is 80 percent water, 20 percent flour. That's much wetter than typical pizza doughs, which have water-flour ratios of 70 to 30 or 60 to 40.
The dough is pressed into massive, 2-centimeter-deep pans, topped with an ever-changing variety of ingredients and cooked in a volcanic-stone oven for 13 minutes. The result is a crust that's “soft but crisp with air bubbles inside,” Casella says.
It ably supports toppings that range from the classic margherita to spicy soppressata with grape tomatoes to marvelously aromatic crema di zucca (squash) with pancetta and provolone.
I loved them all except for one with black truffles and potatoes, a combination oddly without much flavor.
The lighter dough was something of a revelation. I'm bloated after a single slice of Ray's, but after eating most four different PQR slices, I only wanted more.
Off the coast of South Africa, just below the ocean's surface, an epic battle is underway as killer whales hunt and kill the world's most iconic predator, the great white shark.
The phenomenon began in early May when scientists at the shark cage diving company Marine Dynamics spotted a pair of killer whales cruising along the southwestern coast of South Africa. Days later, great white shark carcasses began washing up in their wake.
“From a scientific perspective in South Africa, it's absolutely unprecedented,” said Alison Towner, white shark biologist at the Dyer Island Conservation Trust in Gansbaai, South Africa.
The five great white sharks that washed up on the beach ranged from 9 to 16 feet and all had a large tear below one of their pectoral fins. Most notably, all the sharks were missing their entire livers, which were removed with almost surgical precision. According to the scientists performing the autopsies, these injuries are a clear sign of orca predation.
“I've seen some incredible things working with the Dyer Island Conservation Trust, but one thing I never ever expected to see was predation pressure from killer whales,” Towner said. “We had never even seen an orca here prior to 2011.”
So, how exactly does an orca hunt a great white?
One theory is that the orca shuts down all communication, sneaks up and stuns the shark by slapping it with its massive, powerful, tail. Then it flips the shark on its back, causing momentary paralysis, and pushes the shark through the water until it suffocates. The orca finishes its attack by carefully tearing open a hole in the shark to remove the liver, the largest and most nutrient-rich organ.
While only a handful of great white sharks washed up on the beaches, experts believe it is highly possible that more sharks were killed but the carcasses sank to the seafloor. The sharks that did wash up were likely attacked close to shore, with currents, tides and onshore winds helping push their carcasses up onto the beach.
“I was walking with my dogs along the beach and I saw something lying on the sand,” said Anton Barnard, a local fisherman and ex-naval officer. “When I came closer I saw that it was a great white shark. It's the first time in [my] 20 odd years [here] that I've seen anything like this.”
Orcas are very specialized predators. They typically eat seals, some whales and some sharks, but rarely great whites. Towner suspects this pair began hunting smaller sharks and have now graduated to the apex predator of the sea. “Now they have learned how to kill white sharks, that's probably not going to stop anytime soon.”
So how do these predators stack up against each other? Both great whites and orcas are considered apex predators, in that there is no marine animal that typically preys on them. Both species are capable of swimming 30 miles per hour but orcas are slightly longer in body length and almost twice as heavy. Orca attacks on great whites have been recorded only twice before, off the coast of California and Australia. There have been no recorded cases of great whites hunting Orcas. The killer whale's great advantage? Unlike great whites, Orcas hunt in teams and learn like no other marine creature.
After a three week period where the great whites had disappeared from the area entirely, Marine Dynamics has seen the whites slowly returning to their boats in Gansbaai.
Considered a threatened species, an estimated 4,000 to 5,000 great whites are left in the entire world. Scientists worry about the long-term effect of this never-before-documented predation.
“Sharks face many threats in Southern Africa” Towner explained. “Fisheries, bather protection nets, poaching, pollutants, coastal development, global warming impacts. Now they have predation pressure from another predator, the odds are just not stacked up in their favor.” With minimal funding and resources allocated toward white shark research in South Africa, the mysteries of this predation and the future of great white sharks remain uncertain.
101.1 The Wiz is going to make sure you and your boo is taken care of this weekend, just in time for Valentine's day. We are hooking you up with tickets to the RNB Love Show featuring Pretty Rickey, J Holiday & Llyod but that's NOT it!
We're also hooking you up with dinner prior to the show at Prvlgd & a $500 Genesis Diamonds gift certificate… to win just text the word “WizLove” to 24042 that's W-I-Z-L-O-V-E TO 24042
TEXT MESSAGING AND DATA RATES MAY APPLY FOR E-SIGN DISCLOSURES AND MORE INFORMATION LOG ONTO WIZNATION.COM
scroll down for official contest rules
WIZLove Text to Win
OFFICIAL SWEEPSTAKES RULES
SWEEPSTAKES DESCRIPTION:
The WIZLove sweepstakes (“Sweepstakes”) will begin on Saturday, February 3rd 2018 and end on Sunday, February 4th, 2018 (“Sweepstakes Period”). These Sweepstakes will be conducted exclusively via text message. Text 24042 “WIZLOVE” one (1) winner will be awarded two tickets to the RNB & Love Show featuring Pretty Ricky, J-Holiday and Lloyd with dinner prio to the show at Prvlgd with a $500 Genesis Diamonds certificate (ARV = $677) (“Prize”).
HOW TO ENTER / EXECUTION:
Listeners of WIZF-FM (“Station”) who are legal residents of the United States residing within the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area, and are 18 years of age and older will be able to take part in these Sweepstakes. To participate in the Sweepstakes, listeners must do the following:
1. Sweepstakes participants must text the word “WIZLOVE” to short code 24042 when prompted by the on-air announcement. Standard text and data rates will apply.
2. All text entries must be received by 11:59pm local time on Sunday, February 4th, 2018, or they will be void.
3. One entry per person per day during the Sweepstakes Period.
4. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of a participant's entry, the entry will be deemed to have been made by the authorized holder of the mobile account at the time the entry was made.
5. Winners will be selected by random drawing from among all eligible entries received via text message. Winners will be notified by phone and / or email.
6. Winners will be instructed to come to the offices of the Station located at 705 Central Ave. One Centennial Plaza Suite 200 Cincinnati OH 45202, to claim the Prize.
7. Winners must provide valid identification (e.g. via driver's license, passport or other government-issued photo I.D.) to claim the Prize. Identification documents must match information previously provided to the Station.
8. Prizes will be awarded only upon winner verification and final approval by the Station.
9. All decisions made by the Station and Blue Chip Broadcasting (“Company”) management regarding any aspect of these Sweepstakes are final.
ELIGIBILITY RESTRICTIONS:
1. The Sweepstakes are open to listeners of the Station who are 18 years of age and older and are legal residents of the United States residing within the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area.
2. Employees of the Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, general sponsors, advertisers, competitors, promotional partners, other radio stations in the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area, and members of the immediate families or those living in the same households (whether related or not) of any of the above are NOT eligible to participate or win in these Sweepstakes. For purposes of these Sweepstakes, immediate family members mean spouses, parents, grandparents, children, and siblings and their respective spouses.
3. Participants may only win once during these Sweepstakes.
4. Persons who have won a prize in another sweepstakes or promotion of any kind from the Station within the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the start date of these Sweepstakes are not eligible to participate. Only one person per family or household (whether related or not) may win in any promotion from the Station during any thirty (30) day period.
PRIZES:
1. The following Prize elements will be awarded:
Two tickets to RNB Love Tour featuring Pretty Ricky, J-Holiday and Lloyd
$500 Gift Certificate to Genesis Diamond
Dinner for two (2) at Prvlgd
2. Transportation to and from any event venue (if applicable), meals, beverages, souvenirs, and incidentals are the responsibility of the winner and his or her guest.
3. Movie passes, and/or special screening and premiere movie passes are valid for space available only. Seating is provided on a first-come-first-served basis.
4. To the extent that prize elements are provided by third-party providers, winner agrees to look solely to applicable prize providers with respect to any claims, losses, or disputes in connection therewith.
5. Dates and times of concerts, events, trips, and activities promoted by event sponsors are subject to change and those changes are deemed to be beyond the control of the Station. Changes of venue, cancellation of engagements by performing artists, and/or their management may be permanent in nature. The Station is not obligated to make any effort to find an alternative prize under these circumstances.
6. Prize will not be mailed. Unless otherwise provided, Prize must be claimed at the Station's offices by no later than 5pm on Thursday, February 15th, 2018, or the Prize will be forfeited.
7. No substitution of Prize is offered, no transfer of Prize to a third party is permitted and non-cash Prizes may not be redeemed for cash value, except as determined by Station management and/or the sponsor in its sole discretion.
8. All Sweepstakes winners must sign and date official Station release and waiver forms as requested. Failure to do so will result in winner forfeiting the Prize.
9. If for any reason a Sweepstakes winner decides not to accept the Prize awarded, the winner may be required to sign a release form acknowledging forfeiture of the Prize. It will be at the discretion of the Sweepstakes sponsor and / or Sweepstakes administrator if another entrant is to be selected as the winner if time permits.
10. In the event any winner is found to be in violation of these Official Rules or is otherwise determined by the Station, in its sole discretion to be ineligible, he/she may be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Station and / or any sponsor for the stated value of the prize if such a violation is found after the prize has been used by the winner.
GENERAL CONDITIONS:
1. Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes associated with the receipt of the Prize.
2. Any person winning over $600.00 in prizes will receive an IRS form 1099 at the end of the calendar year for tax purposes and a copy of such form will be filed with the IRS as required by law.
3. No purchase necessary. Sweepstakes are void where prohibited. Sweepstakes are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
4. Odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entrants participating during the Sweepstakes Period.
5. By participating in the Sweepstakes, the winner or winners agree to have their name, voice, or likeness used in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to these Sweepstakes, in any media now known or hereafter devised for advertising or promotional purposes without additional compensation, and must sign a publicity release prior to acceptance of the Prize. By entering these Sweepstakes, each participant agrees to comply with the Official Rules and the decisions of the Sweepstakes sponsor which shall be final and binding in all aspects relating to the Sweepstakes.
6. All Sweepstakes winners will be required to sign a liability release prior to acceptance of any prize. Pursuant to the liability release, the winner or winners will agree to hold the Station, the Company, any other Sweepstakes parties and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, agencies, officers, shareholders, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of the foregoing, harmless against any and all claims or liability, directly or indirectly related to or arising from or in connection with Sweepstakes participation or the acceptance, possession or use / misuse of awarded prize or any portion thereof, or participation in Prize-related activities, including but not limited to any related travel.
7. Winners must provide valid identification (e.g. via driver's license, passport or other government-issued photo I.D.) to claim their Prize.
8. The Station retains the right to disqualify any entrant if all Sweepstakes rules are not followed. Sweepstakes void if prohibited by law.
9. So long as no participant is materially adversely affected, the Station reserves the right to make changes in these Sweepstakes rules, which will become effective upon being announced on the air and / or posted online.
10. The Station, the Company, participating sponsors and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates or their representatives, agents and employees are not responsible for the inability of any entrant to complete or continue a telephone call, internet registration or text entry due to equipment malfunction, busy lines, inadvertent disconnections, unavailable network, server, Internet Service Provider (ISP) or other connections, communication failures or human error that may occur in the transmission, receipt or processing of entries, including any injury or damage to any computer arising from or relating to participation in these Sweepstakes. Any use of robotic, macro, automatic, programmed or like entry methods will void all such entries, and may subject that entrant to disqualification.
11. By accepting the Prize, the winner acknowledges that the Station and the Company have neither made, nor are in any manner responsible or liable for, any warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, relative to the Prize or to any portion thereof, including but not limited to its quality, mechanical condition or fitness for a particular purpose.
12. The Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, participating sponsors and promotional partners will not assume any responsibility for any changes in the execution of the Sweepstakes, including; cancellation of the Sweepstakes as a result of the occurrence of events not within the control of the Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, participating sponsors, promotional partners and other radio stations, such as acts of God, strikes, terrorists acts or criminal acts of third parties. In the event, such an act should occur, the Station may in its sole discretion, offer the winner comparable prize(s) currently being offered by the Station in lieu of the Prize originally awarded.
13. If for any reason, the Sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned, including without limitation, any suspected evidence of tampering or technological corruption or if any portion of the Sweepstakes is compromised by virus, bugs, worms or unauthorized human intervention, fraud, an insufficient number of qualified Sweepstakes entries, or any other causes beyond the Station and the Company's, control which, in the Station and the Company's sole opinion, corrupts, threatens or impairs the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes, the Station and the Company reserve the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes at their sole discretion.
14. Copies of Sweepstakes rules are available upon request during regular business hours, Monday – Friday 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., in the offices of the Station, located at 705 Central Ave. One Centennial Plaza Suite 200 Cincinnati OH 45202.
Tonight on the PulpMX Show, presented by BTOSports.com and FLY Racing, host Steve Matthes welcomes co-hosts Jason Thomas, Kris Keefer, and Seth Rarick. We'll talk about Anaheim approaching, PEDs in the sport, Rarick's picks this year, how his training is going, and much more.
MCR Honda's Justin Brayton will join us to talk about defending his Australian SX title, his outlook for this season, his new mechanic, and much more.
Trey Canard's hung up his boots, but he's still working on trying to improve the sport with his Racing Standard organization. We'll have TC41 on tonight to talk about what he's trying to do, how it's going, and what we can all do to make tracks safer.
We'll also have Jason Thomas from FLY Racing on at some point to offer up his analysis, waffle a bit, and make us laugh.
Got a question for the show? Tweet @PulpMXshow and our guy Travis will do his best to get it answered on the BTOSports.com Tweet at Travis segment.
We'll also answer the N-Fab Question of the Day, as well as read off some Race Tech emails. Our hosts will be under the gun with the EKS Brand goggles Tear-Off segment. Also, the Gear Alloy Cold Call is always fun, right?
Log on to PulpMXshow.com at 6 p.m. PST/9 p.m. EST and we'll be streaming live and hosting a chat room. As usual, you can call in at anytime during the show to talk to the guest or the hosts at 702-586-PULP (7857).
You can listen live on your smartphone with the Tune In app by searching PulpMX Show. You can also listen live on the PulpMX app as well.
You can listen to the show the next day on Stitcher.com, as well as on the PulpMX app on your smartphone or iTunes for download. It will also be available the next day on PulpMXshow.com.
Thanks to our sponsor BTOSports.com. BTOSports.com is your #1 source for motocross gear and accessories with Free Shipping WORLDWIDE. BTO Sports is your number one source for all of your motocross parts, gear, accessories and apparel. BTOSports.com is a motocross company who is truly dedicated to the sport.
The PulpMX Show is also presented by Fly Racing. Fly Racing is the industry standard for motocross and off-road gear, as well as our hard parts and accessories. Also Fly Racing and parent company Western Power Sports are now a premier-level partner for the Lucas Oils Pro Motocross Championship. These are just a few ways that Fly Racing is becoming more and more involved in the sport that we all love. Check out what Fly Racing has been up to at their website FlyRacing.com and on social media @flyracingusa.
The Pulpmx show is also brought to you by X-Brand Goggles, Race Tech Suspension, Pivot Works, Vortex Racing, Gear Alloy, Roost MX Graphics, FMF Racing, Atlas Neck Braces, N-FAB Jeep and Truck Parts, Michelin StarCross 5, Works Connection, DUBYA Wheels, 2UNDR, EK Chains and Guts Racing.
BUSINESS
The UK Gambling Commission (UKGC) will no longer back a £2 limit on fixed-odds betting terminals (FOBTs) wagering levels. At least, not explicitly.
On Sunday, The Times reported that the gambling regulator is expected to recommend that UK ministers reject the initial proposal to enforce a £2 maximum stake—a huge drop from the current £100 per spin limit. Instead, the UKGC will endorse a maximum stake of £30 or less, and will also suggest “measures to combat the risk of harm,” according to the report.
The measures include prohibiting FOBT players from switching seamlessly between high-stakes games every 20 seconds and the so-called lower-stakes “quickfire” games; requiring bookmakers to track customer habits to identify problem gambling; and requiring the government to extend FOBT player protections to other machines.
Members of Parliament are expected to act on the UKGC guidance, although they can still opt for a £2 limit but only after taking into account the £500 million of tax revenues that the FOBTs contribute annually. The MPs had also been warned that too-low maximum stakes on FOBTs will result in more than 4,500 betting shops closing down, causing an estimated 21,000 people to be out of jobs by 2020.
The Times report indicate that the UKGC will point out in its recommendation that “there is insufficient evidence to justify” the regulator “recommending a specific figure below £30,” so it has decided to “leave the door open for a £2 maximum.”
Gambling giants like Ladbrokes Coral also warned of possible “severe stake cut” in its sponsorship budget. Ladbrokes spends £8 million yearly on sporting event sponsorships, almost £3.5 million of which dedicated to horse racing. The betting giant also sponsors the Rugby Football League Challenge Cup and the Scottish Professional Football League, in addition to partnerships with snooker and darts.
Bookmaker William Hill has also announced that it's also considering revising its sponsorship agenda in the event that the legislation on FOBTs is changed, noting that its £1 million horse racing sponsorship may be “at risk” if the FOBT's maximum stake is set too low.
The British Horseracing Authority (BHA) also urged the government to rethink its FOBT stake cut, pointing out that a drastic FOBT cut could prove disastrous to racing, whose financial health is largely dependent on the betting industry. BHA executive director Will Lambe earlier told the government's FOBT consultation that “any measures which severely compromise the sport's financial stability would have unintended consequences to British racing and the wider rural community.”
Comments
Emerald Waterways is offering savings of £1,000 per couple on its 2018 European river cruises.
The cruise line has announced the release of its 2018 European River Cruises Preview Brochure, containing itineraries that sail through Central Europe, France and Portugal.
To celebrate, the company will be offering 2018 cruises at 2017 prices with ‘guaranteed' savings of £1,000 per couple.
Customers who book by May 17, 2017 will also get €200 onboard spend.
On announcing the 2018 preview brochure, David Winterton, UK brand manager for Emerald Waterways said: “In just three years, Emerald Waterways has gone from Europe's newest river cruise line to an award-winning market leader. For two years running now we've been voted Best River Cruise Line by Cruise Critic, for our efforts in on-board innovation and exceptional value for money.
“2018 marks an exciting year for us, as we officially celebrate three years since our first voyage. And, we continue our commitment to bring a new and fresh approach to river cruising with our revolutionary Star-Ships, with a near doubling of our fleet.”
The new brochure will also feature the EmeraldACTIVE programme that provides a variety of guided hikes and bike tours, by adding more excursions. Allowing guests to experience and interact the towns, cities and places in new ways.
To order a brochure, call 0808 115 6269 or visit: emeraldwaterways.co.uk
Love is in the air! @essence Story Link in bio A post shared by mclyte (@mclyte) on Aug 14, 2017 at 10:24am PDT
MC Lyte has finally found her Mr. Right, and locked it down just in time for a beautiful summer wedding.
According to Essence, the rap legend and John Wyche tied the knot over the weekend with a beautiful ceremony in Jamaica. Lyte told the mag about her nuptials, “It was so beautiful and a fairy tale. I got my king.”
Today marks the blessing of FOREVER. #exhale #myking👑❤ A post shared by mclyte (@mclyte) on Aug 12, 2017 at 10:48am PDT
The beachside ceremony was star-studded, including guests like Lil Mama, SWV singer Coko and Kelly Price, who serenaded the couple during the celebration. Wyche told the mag, “It's incredible so many people came out to support our union. We are starting out with a strong foundation. A few months into getting to know Lana I knew I wanted this woman as my wife.”
You may recall that the emcee became engaged earlier this year after meeting her husband on Match.com in 2016. Talk about a match made in heaven.
Congrats to the happy couple!
G.C. Hixson, Wilson County Joint Economic and Community Development executive director, said the group recently met with a regional development company and local ownership team of retail property in Lebanon.
Hixson said the purpose of the meeting was to discuss potential public-private partnership options for project development. The group held additional conference calls, provided contacts and data leading to next meeting set for Feb. 8.
Hixson said the group also met with Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto and a real estate official representing office and retail property in Mt. Juliet. Hixson provided community data and demographics to be used in clients marketing and presentation materials.
The group discussed the changing retail landscape and the possibility of more retail attraction to the area, including areas of Wilson County created for retail.
Hixson highlighted existing projects, including Project Giant, codename for the Amazon second headquarters project.
The company announced Nashville as a top-20 candidate last month for its second headquarters facility, dubbed HQ2, a full equal to its Seattle headquarters.
Hixson said the group joined other counties and submitted secondary sites in cooperation with the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce. Hixson said the group would not know about the status of those sites for a while, but the group would continue to work with the chamber to secure the project.
Hixson said a decision on Project Bond could come during the first quarter of this year.
Project Bond features a fiberglass-resin distributor that has an option on a 9-acre tract of land on the Couchville Pike interchange. The company could build a 40,000-50,000-square-foot facility on the land.
Project Truss features a company that seeks 10-15 acres with rail access for construction of truss manufacturing. The company visited potential Wilson County sites in December.
Representatives of Project Ice visited Wilson County sites in December. The company prefers to buy an existing facility between 150,000-200,000 square feet for an office, production and distribution center.
By Toyosi Akerele-Ogunsiji
ONE evening in Medford, Massachusetts in March 2017, I was seated at the back of an elegantly designed classroom at the renowned Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. The master's degree students were from various countries including the USA, Japan, India, Switzerland, Canada, Nigeria and the United Kingdom. The Fletcher School was jointly established by Tufts University and Harvard University in 1933 as an exclusively post-graduate institution to train leaders in the field of international affairs. Its curriculum covers international law, politics, economics, and diplomacy. Its privileged students typically end up in leadership roles in governments, business corporations and non-profits around the world.
The teaching slides lit up with the caption: “Business 273: Emerging Africa in the World Economy. Professor Kingsley Chiedu Moghalu. Spring 2017”. The topic of the day's class was “Foreign Investment”. For two hours, the erudite former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) lectured and led a class discussion on foreign investment, economic policy and the business environment in emerging market countries in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the “transition economies” of Europe. He holds the formal title of Professor of Practice in International Business and Public Policy at The Fletcher School.
‘Professor of Practice'
Prestigious American universities confer the rare title of “professor of the practice” on leaders in their fields who combine intellectual knowledge with outstanding achievements. This Nigerian is the only black man on the teaching faculty of one of the top schools of international affairs in the world. I was a 2017 Mason Fellow and Master of Public Administration (MPA) candidate at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge, just five miles away, and both Tufts and Harvard are located in Greater Boston. In the months that I was at Harvard I saw some impressive professors, nearly all of them white men and women. Kingsley Moghalu is in a league of his own: knowledge, experience, humility, and eloquence, all rolled into one.
I was excited when I heard that there is a Nigerian professor at Tufts University. I was even more surprised to learn that it is Kingsley Moghalu. In 2013, I spoke alongside then CBN Governor Sanusi Lamido Sanusi at the Leadership Lecture of the Isaac Moghalu Foundation (IMoF) that Prof. Moghalu had founded in memory of his deceased father. Maryanne Moghalu, Kingsley's wife had invited me to speak at the event, and is the Executive Director of IMoF. I was impressed by the Moghalu family's powerful vision for the education of poor youth and children in Nigeria's rural areas, which is the mission of IMoF.
I emailed the former CBN chief and secured an appointment to see him in his office at Tufts. After we reviewed my experience at Harvard, I decided to sit in on his class. Intrigued, I asked the distinguished professor afterwards to tell me the journey of his illustrious life. From academia to banking and finance, from economic development to international law and diplomacy, from the global stage to national service in our country, this remarkable man has made an impact as a leader and a change agent.
Early life: Kingsley Chiedu Moghalu was born in Lagos in 1963 as the first of five children of his parents. Nnewi, the famous commercial town in Anambra State, is his hometown. His late father Isaac Moghalu, a retired Permanent Secretary, was a Nigerian Foreign Service Officer in the 1960s. Kingsley and his parents lived first at Webb Road in Ikoyi, Lagos and later in Geneva, Switzerland and Washington DC, USA in his early years. His mother, Lady Vidah Moghalu, a retired dietician, is now a Christian evangelist. Kingsley's Igbo name Chiedu literally means “the Lord is my shepherd” or “led by the Spirit of God”. Little-known, he also has a Yoruba name, Ayodele, given to him by the late Mrs. Fumilayo Ransome-Kuti who was a friend of his parents in the early sixties.
After secondary school education at Government College, Umuahia and Federal Government College, Enugu, Kingsley graduated in law from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) assignment as a Legal Officer in Shell Petroleum's headquarters in Lagos followed. He then worked in the late 1980s as the General Counsel of the now-defunct Newswatch magazine, the leading light of the Nigerian media at the time. But his sights were set firmly on the global stage. To further burnish his CV, he moonlighted as a special correspondent for prestigious foreign newspapers including South magazine in London, Christian Science Monitor in Boston, and Africa News Service in North Carolina (now the Washington DC-based AllAfrica Global Media) in the United States.
Kingsley was admitted to the M.A. programme at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy in 1990. With a letter of recommendation from Professor Bolaji Akinyemi, a former Foreign Affairs Minister of Nigeria and an alumnus of the renowned institution, The Fletcher School awarded Moghalu the Joan Gillespie Fellowship for future leaders from developing countries. The young man with the determination of a long-distance runner turned down an opportunity to become the company secretary of one of several new-generation banks sprouting in Lagos at the time and left Nigeria for Boston.
Kingsley Moghalu graduated with an M.A. in International Relations in 1992 and was appointed into the international civil service of the United Nations as an entry level officer on his individual merit. He worked in strategic planning, legal affairs and executive management roles in Cambodia, New York, Croatia, Tanzania, and Switzerland. A man who admits to having “workaholic tendencies”, he studied part-time and obtained a Ph.D. at the London School of Economics and Political Science while working as a senior UN officer assigned to The Global Fund in Geneva, Switzerland. Shuttling between Geneva and London, and in between frequent international official missions to various countries, he completed his 500-page doctoral dissertation in 12 months, shattering previous records at the University of London. As if a Ph.D was not nearly enough, he studied further at the UK Institute of Risk Management in London and became a professionally certified risk management professional.
Hard work and professional competence brought recognition. By 2006, aged 43, Kingsley Moghalu had attained the highest career rank of Director in the UN system, and served for six months in New York (at the rank of Under-Secretary-General) as a member of a high-level panel appointed by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to revamp the accountability, regulatory and internal dispute resolution system for the 60,000 global UN workforce and management. His interests now began to shift to the private sector. In December 2008 Kingsley resigned from the UN system, deployed 100,000 Swiss Francs of his personal savings as capital and established Sogato Strategies S.A., a risk management and global strategy consultancy in Geneva. This calculated risk later paid off in unexpected ways.
Sogato Strategies soon acquired impressive clients like the Swiss bank UBS and Syngenta, the Swiss agrochemicals multinational. Life in the private sector was looking up. But an encounter with Sanusi Lamido Sanusi at the World Economic Forum in Cape Town, South Africa in mid-2009 changed Moghalu's trajectory. Sanusi had just been appointed Governor of the CBN. He was looking for a deputy governor to help him execute an ambitious agenda of banking sector reform after the global financial crisis. The governor was on the lookout for an executive with credibility, international exposure, and knowledge of risk management. Kingsley fit the bill. Sanusi persuaded him to return home to Nigeria as a deputy governor of the central bank and recommended him to President Umaru Yar'Adua, who appointed Kingsley to the coveted position. By November 2009, after his confirmation by the Senate, the new Deputy Governor was at his desk at the CBN heading the reserve bank's Financial System Stability (FSS) Directorate.
He left the CBN in November 2014 after completing his term of office. Does he have any regrets? “No, not at all”, he replied. Does he miss the central bank? “I gave my best in service at the Bank. But, in hindsight, it was best that I moved on to other things when I did”. A man with a strong global pedigree, just weeks after he left the CBN he was appointed a professor at Tufts University and a member of the Advisory Council of the Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum (OMFIF) in London, UK. In addition to his academic duties in Boston, the professor's schedule is packed with public speaking engagements around the world and consulting assignments. He has advised the investment bank Goldman Sachs, and global private equity and asset management firms such as Actis, TPG and Eaton Vance.
Devoted family man
Kingsley is a devoted family man. In 1994, while living in New York City and working in the UN's headquarters, he married the then Miss Maryanne Ezike, a banker, lawyer and a daughter of the late medical doctor and former Permanent Secretary, Dr. Christopher Ezike. Kingsley and Maryanne Moghalu have four children. A short while after we left his classroom at Tufts University, Prof. Moghalu and I had a memorable encounter with Hillary Clinton, the former United States Democratic Party presidential candidate, at a dinner event at Henrietta's Table restaurant in The Charles Hotel at Harvard Square in Cambridge. In conversation as we took selfies with the famous American politician who lost her bid to become her country's first woman President, it turned out that she has read the professor's Emerging Africa, and she told me that I have a bright future.
I tweeted pictures of my encounter with Prof. Moghalu at Tufts University and it drew many positive responses. As in America and around the world, the ex-CBN Deputy Governor is well- regarded at home in Nigeria. One typical response from one of my tweeter followers, @ibsanusi read: “Kingsley Moghalu…one of the best brains of Nigeria. Unfortunately, we don't know how to maximize our best hands.” As we left Henrietta's Table after our time with Mrs. Clinton, the global professor inspired me as we parted. “Our country belongs to us all. We have a duty to make it better for our children and our youth”, he told me. Nigeria has not heard the last of one of its most accomplished sons.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A man suffering from Alzheimer's Disease has gone missing in Miami.
According to police, 72-year-old Antoine Casseus has been missing for a week and suffers from Alzheimer's Disease. Casseus is a black male who stands at 5 feet 6 inches and weighs 130 pounds.
He has gray hair and brown eyes and was last seen at 147 N.W. 44th St.
If you have any information on this missing man, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(WSVN) – 7News Holiday Helping is back! In this edition Alex de Armas is joined by Mima, her grandmother, and they show you how to make black bean soup!
Your donation will help To feed South Florida feed hungry families right here in Miami-Dade and Broward.
Did you try this recipe out? Tell us what you think.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New Black Panther Party will be armed during RNC protests The chairman of the New Black Panther Party, a “black power” movement, said his group will carry arms for self-defense during protests at the Republican convention next week if allowed...
FBI arrests 2 New Black Panther members in Ferguson bomb plot FERGUSON Mo. – Two men suspected of buying explosives they planned to detonate during protests in Ferguson, Missouri, once a grand jury decides the Michael Brown case, were arrested on...
Here comes another self-serving Bill Ayers memoir So we're supposed to breathe easier now that Bill Ayers says he wouldn't have assassinated a secretary of defense. The former Weather Underground leader gave this answer during an NBC...
Black Panther dies 3 days after release from 42-year solitary stint NEW ORLEANS — A 71-year-old man who spent more than four decades in solitary confinement in Louisiana died Friday, less than a week after a judge freed him and granted...
Global Grind
Former NBA all startried to get off some Instagram jokes at the expense of‘s new locks, but Lin flipped the script on K-Mart in the nicest way possible.
“I'm confused, puzzled, in shock, disappointed in his teammates and the Nets organization for allowing this foolishness,” typed Martin under a photo of Lin's mohawked locks.
SLAM reports:
“Do I need to remind this damn boy that his last name is Lin. Like, come on man. Let's stop this man, with these people,” Martin said in an Instagram video that has since been removed. “Like, there's no way possible he would've made it on one of our teams with that bulls–t going on on his head.
“Come on, man. Somebody really needs to tell him, like, ‘Alright bro, we get it. You want to be black.' Like, we get it. But the last name is Lin, alright?”
The Brooklyn Nets guard replied, “It's all good you don't have to like my hair and definitely entitled to your opinion… At the end of the day I appreciate that I have dreads and you have Chinese tattoos (because) I think it's a sign of respect.”
Lin continued, “I think as minorities, the more we appreciate each other's cultures, the more we influence mainstream society.”
Kill 'em with kindness.
The most righteous positive clap back you'll ever see pic.twitter.com/VSFpxeh8pR — Intellectual Killah (@IAmPhillyC) October 5, 2017
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Executive Director, General Business, Leadway Assurance Company Limited, Ms. Adetola Adegbayi in this interview said that the industry is still way behind other financial service providers.
By Rosemary Onuoha
HOW can the challenge of poor insurance perception in the country be tackled?
With the huge potential of the insurance industry to positively impact our economy by safeguarding the enormous risks within the entire business ecosystem, and by creating wealth through investments, the industry is still way behind other financial and service sectors, contributing about 0.3 per cent to the Nigerian Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Leadway Assurance is committed towards educating and increasing the awareness of risks to which people and businesses are exposed and bringing insurance closer to customers as a way of managing those risks and protecting themselves against possible negative financial outcomes.
As part of its commitment towards bridging the financial protection gap and increasing the rate of insurance penetration in Nigeria, the company has launched a first-of-its-kind Mobile Office. By deploying the Mobile Office, Leadway will enable direct access to insurance as a financial protection through next- to- door interaction, engagement and transactions.
What are the features of the mobile office?
The Mobile Office is equipped with state of the art communication technology that allows the customers to be serviced real-time, end to end, wherever they may be. It is also environmentally friendly as it draws its power from solar while within remote areas.
How can people access the mobile office?
Starting with Lagos State, the company will be activating market road shows across several local governments. The launch kick-starts the activation events which will not only sell insurance products but also engage and educate the public on the need to insure their risks, ensuring happiness and peace of mind. As market leaders in the Nigerian insurance industry, we have taken it upon ourselves to fulfil the task of reducing the financial protection gap within the country, which in turn increases on the low insurance penetration rate in Nigeria. Our objective goes beyond sales; we intend to reverse the negative perception many Nigerians have about the insurance industry. Notwithstanding a population of over 180million people about a third of which are within the insurable class, Nigeria is said to have about five million registered policyholders.
This lack of density shows how largely untapped the Nigerian market is and the huge opportunities available to increase insurance uptake and the number of policyholders nationwide. The Leadway Mobile Office, further underpins its capacity to drive retail insurance in Nigeria, as residents can now easily purchase very affordable micro-insurance products such “Home Flexa” – which offers comprehensive personal/shop insurance coverage protection for home and belongings, including shops, personal accident and funeral expenses at just about N13,000 annually.
Other products available on the Mobile Office include the Leadway “Hospital Cash Plan” which provides the benefits for hospitalization from accidental injuries or illness for as low as N7,000 annually. The team will also sell the Leadway Third Party Vehicle Liability Insurance, basic Life and Life investment linked assurance and other Leadway retail insurance policies.
DENVER — Nikola Jokic scored 19 points, including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 2:10 left, and added nine rebounds as the Nuggets beat the Warriors 115-108 on Saturday night.
Will Barton had 25 points and Gary Harris 16 for the Nuggets, who split the four games with Golden State this season. Denver rallied from 12 down in the second half to hand the Warriors their second loss in three games.
Kevin Durant scored 31 points and Stephen Curry had 24 for Golden State.
Denver got a scare when Jamal Murray left the game with a right leg injury after he collided with Draymond Green on a drive into the lane less than a minute in. He went to the locker room and came back to the bench with his right thigh heavily wrapped.
Murray played 28 minutes and had 12 of his 15 points after halftime.
Durant, who didn't attempt a shot in the first quarter, was 12 of 16 from the field the rest of the game. He had nine points in the fourth when Golden State appeared to take control, but Denver rallied to take a 102-99 lead on Barton's 3-pointer.
With the game tied at 104, Harris misfired on a dunk but the ball went to Jokic in the corner, and he drained a 3-pointer to give Denver the lead.
After Curry missed a 26-footer, Jokic hit two free throws to make it 109-104 and Denver closed it out.
by
- Representative Sal Esquivel (R-Medford) has been appointed by House Speaker Tina Kotek to serve on the following committees for the 2017 legislative session:
Veterans and Emergency Preparedness Committee (Vice chair)
Agriculture and Natural Resources Committee
Ways and Means Subcommittee on Natural Resources
“It is a great privilege to have the opportunity to once again represent our community in Salem,” said Rep. Esquivel. “There is a lot of work to be done in 2017, but I believe these committee appointments will put me in a great position to advocate for the best interests of our veterans and serve as an ally to our agriculture and natural resource community, who are so critical to the overall success of our state. I am looking forward to getting back to work next month.”
Rep. Esquivel and his wife Jan reside in Medford. He was first elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 2004 and will be sworn in for his seventh term in January. Earlier this year, Rep. Esquivel announced his plans to retire from public office and that he will not seek re-election in 2018.
Cryptocurrency founders mingle with celebs at Bitcoin bash Cryptocurrency kings partied in Miami with celebs over the weekend in an eclectic mix at the North American Bitcoin Conference.
Ashley Greene and Paul Khoury are engaged She posted a video of the romantic proposal during a holiday trip to New Zealand earlier in the month.
Joe Jonas loves talking about his penis "I'd like the Internet to believe that I'm still killin' it," he explained.
Raunchy 'Staten Island' is an 'SNL' summer party Horny teens look to get their party on in “Staten Island Summer,” a movie that won't knock you out with originality but may charm you with its wit. Danny (Graham...
Zombie rom-com ‘Burying the Ex' is D.O.A. You have to feel a little sorry for this comedy, arriving a year after the far superior “Life After Beth.” Both riff on the undead as metaphor for expired relationships,...
Star snaps of the day Usher gets cozy with his new girlfriend, Matthew Broderick goes for a ride, Renée Zellweger honors Carolina Herrera and more.
Nude selfie scandals: Stars exposed to the world These stars were caught with their pants down — and the whole world was there to see it.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich quits Trump's joined Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank and Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier to leave President Trump's manufacturing council, marking the third departure by a high-profile business leader in the space of a day.
Plank didn't give a clear reason for stepping down, but his announcement comes amid fierce criticism over Trump's response to violence over the weekend at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"I am appreciative of the opportunity to have served, but have decided to step down from the council," Plank said in a statement. "I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity, diversity and inclusion."
Krzanich blamed a "divided political climate" for his departure.
"I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing," Krzanich said in the blog post.
Krzanich's announcement comes hours after Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, one of the country's most prominent black corporate executives, quit the council over Trump's initial failure to condemn white supremacists.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy," Frazier said. "As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
That appeared to be a reference to Trump's statement over the weekend blaming violence "on many sides" after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
PEMBROKE PINES, FLA. (WSVN) - A Pembroke Pines woman has been arrested, after police said, she burned her 9-year-old son with a hot iron.
According to Pembroke Pines Police, 32-year-old Tamecha Jean, intentionally burned her son's chest with an iron, as punishment for leaving paper work at school.
Jean was charged with aggravated child abuse and taken to Broward County Jail, where she is awaiting trial.
Jean's son along with two other siblings are now in custody of Broward Sheriff's Office Child Protective Services.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The snow in Buffalo made the Bills-Colts game about a hundred times more interesting than it would have in normal conditions, but it made kicking field goals virtually impossible, which could end up costing Adam Vinatieri a lot of money, according to former sports agent Joel Corry…
Kicking in a blizzard could cost Adam Vinatieri a $500,000 incentive. He needs to hit at least 90% of his field goals this season to get it. He was at 95.7% before the Buffalo game. He's now at 88%. — Joel Corry (@corryjoel) December 11, 2017
While Vinatieri was able to make a ridiculously tough extra point, he missed his two field goal attempts.
Good try, good effort, Adam Vinatieri pic.twitter.com/WG0NTcz0xi — Richard Lee-Sam (@RLeesam) December 10, 2017
In order to get back up to the 90% mark, Vinatieri will have to make at least five field goals without a miss. He's currently sitting at 22-25 on the season. Making five in a row would bring him up to 27-30.
Vinatieri is averaging two field goal attempts per game, so he should get a chance to get back up to 90% by season's end.
Thanks to CBS Sports for sharing.
A SNAKE, dangling from an air conditioner, catches a RAT.
Here's a video out of China of a snake that's dangling from an air conditioner in somebody's home. It has a dead rat in its mouth, and it's slowly receding back into the unit.
After more than two years of research with collaboration between philosophers, religious thinkers and psychologists, the Virtue, Happiness & the Meaning of Life project will present its findings at a capstone conference on Oct. 13 and 14, featuring keynote talks by Prof. Jonathan Lear and Cardinal Blase J. Cupich.
The conference culminates a project that brought scholars together from around the world to examine the enrichment of human life. Research in both the humanities and social sciences suggests that people who feel they belong to something bigger than themselves—be it family, a spiritual practice, or work in social justice—are often happier than those who do not. Scholars refer to the feeling as “self-transcendence.”
Panelists throughout both days, including scholars from religious studies, theology, philosophy, psychology, and economics, will discuss whether self-transcendence truly makes people happier and provides deeper meaning in human life.
Speakers from the University of Chicago include Candace Vogler, the David B. and Clara E. Stern Professor of Philosophy and co-principal investigator for the project; Marc Berman, assistant professor in psychology; and Tahera Qutbuddin, professor of Arabic literature.
"This conference serves to share our research with the broader community,” said Jennifer A. Frey, co-principal investigator, assistant professor of philosophy at the University of South Carolina and formerly a scholar at the University of Chicago. “Our scholars from a variety of disciplines have reached similar conclusions about the essential role of self-transcendence in the general account of what makes for potential happiness and meaning in human lives. Our hope is that as this project winds down, we are only at the beginning of a new line of research.”
Lear, the John U. Nef Distinguished Service Professor in the Committee on Social Thought and the Department of Philosophy, will speak at 7 p.m. Oct. 13 at the Oriental Institute. His talk, titled “Gettysburg,” will look at the ethical difficulties of memorializing the dead and in particular the soldiers that died following the bloodiest battle of the U.S. Civil War.
Cardinal Cupich will speak at 6 p.m. Oct. 14 in the auditorium at the Law School. He will deliver a talk considering virtue in the context of building up the common good, titled “A Consistent Ethic of Solidarity: Transcending Self, Transforming the World.” President Robert J. Zimmer will introduce the cardinal.
"Cardinal Cupich has distinguished himself in his fundamental love of and concern for some of the most disadvantaged people in the city of Chicago,” said Vogler. “His call for solidarity is rooted in the genuine practice of solidarity, day in and day out."
The conference is free and open to the public, but registration is required. To learn more, visit the Virtue, Happiness & the Meaning of Life website.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
A video circulating on Facebook that shows a young girl after she was bitten by something in the ocean off Myrtle Beach has gotten a lot of attention.
The video, posted by Cristy Torres on July 3, shows a girl being treated by a lifeguard and others on the beach. She has a bloody towel wrapped around her leg from the apparent bite.
- Advertisement -
Torres says in her post that the bite happened on Monday July 2 “as families were enjoying a nice swim a young girl got bit by a shark her family yelling for help as her family took her out the water the shark took a hold of her leg.”
Click here to read more.
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) – A homeless man stole a van from a bakery and rammed it into a building. That building just so happened to be a police precinct.
Employees at Sweet Frostings Blissful Bakeshop in Spokane were loading a gingerbread house into a van early Sunday morning, when a man screaming profanity and threats approached.
The frightened staff retreated into the shop, leaving behind the gingerbread house, the van and the van's keys.
The man sped off in the van before crashing into the glass entrance doors of the Spokane Police Department's downtown precinct.
The man was arrested on suspicion of vehicle theft and felony harassment for threatening to kill the workers, among other charges.
The gingerbread house won the people's choice award in the Gingerbread Build-off competition at the Davenport Grand Hotel.
Earlier today, we had reported that Sony TV has decided to pull the plug on the popular show, Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi, and Beyhadh has been given an extension. These changes were done to accommodate the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, which is returning after three years.
The sudden decision of the channel to shut down the show has upset the fans. The fans took to Twitter to express their anger.
It has been a horrific time for greyhound racing in Ireland, but eventually, their is some good news from Shelbourne Park.
Dublin Greyhound Owners & Breeders Association (DGOBA) have stopped their months of picketing and decided to support the resumption of live racing at Shelbourne Park Stadium. There had been no racing since the announcement that Harolds Cross would be sold to build schools.
Racing will recommence from Tuesday 20 June and will see an increase in live racing at Shelbourne Park and extra supports for the local greyhound community.
Speaking of the resumption of racing at Shelbourne Park, interim CEO of IGB Dr Sean Brady commented “I believe this marks a new beginning for greyhound racing in Ireland. Once the sale of Harold's Cross is concluded, a bright future free from crippling debt is within sight for our industry. For the first time in years, we can consider increasing prize money, investing in more marketing and upgrading our stadiums.”
Dr Sean Brady continued “I wish to extend my thanks to the DGOBA for their cooperation in settling this dispute. We look forward to welcoming our patrons, Greyhound breeders and owners back to Shelbourne Park next week and to building a successful industry together. The greyhound industry can only ever be successful if we are united together as one team. True to a commitment I made previously, the IGB will host a National Greyhound Consultative Forum within the next 30 days to seek feedback and engagement as to how our industry can move forward together.”
Live racing will return to Shelbourne Park from next Tuesday 20 June. The additional racing and staff from Harold's Cross will now be accommodated at Shelbourne Park.
Libertyville parks want your input on facilities, master plan
hello
Libertyville is developing a parks master plan and is seeking input and participation from Libertyville residents and those who use the facilities. As part of the process, an online survey has been developed to allow residents and users of Libertyville parks to provide input and ideas for current and long-term use of the parks and recreation facilities. The survey is available at www.libertyvilleparksplan.com/survey. Responses are due by March 31.
The Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) has called for a holistic approach towards growing the economy, in order to improve the living standard of the citizenry.
In a communiqué at the end of its 12th General Synod in Port Harcourt Rivers State, the church also called on the Federal government to formulate economic and fiscal policies aimed at diversifying the economy so as to remain afloat in the emerging post-oil era. The church while noting that corruption has remained national monster ravaging the nation at all levels and its national life, however, called for more robust actions in tackling corruption in all spheres of national life without respect for relation and party affiliations.
The church also frowned at the devastations and monumental loss arising from national disaster that had ravaged parts of the country and recommended a more stringent municipal control by preventing people from building on water channels, avoid indiscriminate dumping of refuse and encourage improved behavioral pattern among the people.
On industrial action, the church identified “systematic injustice in remuneration” as a basis for recurring industrial actions and urged federal government, as a matter of national urgency, to introduce a remuneration regime that will ensure equal payment for workers even as charged government to honour agreement with labour unions.
It regretted the failure of governments at levels to pay the salaries, gratuities and pensions owed across the country and stressed the need for government at various tiers to revisit the matter with more effective approach by ensuring prompt payment of salaries and pensions before they die.
The Church also expressed concern over the level of insecurity in the North East which has remained unabated, describing the situation “as source of embarrassment to the nation and international community”.
While appreciating the concerted efforts of the federal government in tackling terrorism, it also advised government to re-strategise its operations even as it encouraged residents and stakeholders of the insurgency-torn states to promptly volunteer information necessary in curbing terrorism in the North.
It condemned the leadership and activities of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) for their excesses that have resulted in loss of lives of innocent people.
Janefrancess Chibundu & Mirian Obusele
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
"We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found," police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:27 Hail falls in San Luis Obispo on Christmas Eve
0:55 Hiking Estero Bluffs State Park
0:41 Hiking Irish Hills Natural Reserve
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:17 Hiking the Reservoir Canyon Trail
2:20 Can extreme distance running actually harm the heart?
Given the seemingly never-ending litany of transgressions we find all around us on social-media platforms—whether it's Facebook giving up data to Cambridge Analytica and being manipulated by Russian trolls, or Twitter's complicity in racism and online harassment—it's difficult to imagine a case being made that social media in general is anything but a looming danger to society and democracy.
Despite this, however, Ethan Zuckerman—who runs the Center for Civic Media at MIT and teaches at MIT's Media Lab—did his best to put together a list of the ways in which social media can or should help democracy and society, in a post he published Wednesday on his blog and at Medium. Whether his argument ultimately succeeds or not is hard to say, but it's a worthwhile question. As Zuckerman puts it:
I'm interested in what social media should do for us as citizens in a democracy. We talk about social media as a digital public sphere, invoking Habermas and coffeehouses frequented by the bourgeoisie. Before we ask whether the internet succeeds as a public sphere, we ought to ask whether that's actually what we want it to be.
Zuckerman uses as his template an essay that Columbia journalism professor (and CJR board member) Michael Schudson wrote as part of his 2008 book Why Democracies Need an Unlovable Press, in which he argues that good journalism can accomplish a number of things that are worthwhile for society—including informing the public, investigating important issues, analyzing complex topics and serving as a tool for social empathy.
So what can social media do? Zuckerman says that at its best, social networks can also inform us about significant news events, as Twitter and Facebook did during the Arab Spring in Egypt and the killing of Michael Ferguson by police in Missouri. And they can amplify important voices, he says. “By sharing content with small personal networks on social media, individuals signal the issues they see as most important and engage in a constant process of self-definition.” He argues social media can also show us diverse views and perspectives, and provide a place for informed debate.
Anyone who has spent any time on Twitter—or Facebook for that matter—discussing issues like the 2016 election of Donald Trump or the rise of the “alt right” in US politics might laugh at the idea that social platforms can show us diverse views or be a place for informed debate. And Zuckerman admits that every beneficial aspect he mentions can have a significant downside:
Sign up for CJR 's daily email The tools that allow marginalized people to report their news and influence media are the same ones that allow fake news to be injected into the media ecosystem. Amplification is a technique used by everyone from Black Lives Matter to neo-Nazis. The bad news is that making social media work better for democracy likely means making it work better for the Nazis as well.
In the end, Zuckerman argues that if we are to expect better from platforms like Facebook and Twitter, then we need to know what it is we want them to do—what service do we think they can or should perform in a civil society? “If our response to the shortcomings of contemporary social media is to move beyond the idea that we should burn it all down,” he writes, “then it's critical that we ask what social media can do for democracy and demand that it play its part.” Whether the platforms will listen is a different question.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Mathew Ingram is CJR's chief digital writer. Previously, he was a senior writer with Fortune magazine. He has written about the intersection between media and technology since the earliest days of the commercial internet. His writing has been published in The Washington Post and the Financial Times as well as Reuters and Bloomberg.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report wasn't necessary, Chancellor Douglas Girod said.
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools.
Girold said Monday he was given verbal briefings after last fall's review but he didn't receive any written reports. The university's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men's basketball programs “for possible NCAA rules violations, including violations related to offers, inducements, agents, extra benefits, and other similar issues.”
On April 13, Girod said in a statement that he had “complete confidence” that the athletics department had followed all rules.
“We didn't feel the need to release an external report,” Girod said. “What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary.”
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist. The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used.
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters.
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing.
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks. No Kansas officials were implicated.
“We have gone back to look at anything we have access to, and we can't find any evidence of that,” Girod said. “But we don't have access to everything. That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly.”
SAUGATUCK, Mich. (AP/WSVN) — A Michigan man says his dog was approved for $360 a week in unemployment benefits after scammers got ahold of his information.
Ryder is a German Shepherd owned by attorney Michael Haddock in Saugatuck, Michigan.
WZZM-TV reports that Haddock received a benefits letter addressed to “Michael Ryder” from Michigan's Unemployment Insurance Agency. The station says Haddock contacted the agency about the letter.
“My name is Michael; my dog is Ryder,” Haddock told the station. “I was surprised to see it, but I had a good laugh, actually.”
The agency says its computer system sent the letter, but the claim later was flagged as suspicious and denied.
Haddock later joked about the ordeal on social media, according to WZZM.
“So my dog Ryder gets approved for unemployment benefits of 360 per week,” Haddock wrote on Facebook. “I call the state and get a voice mail they are busy, call back. Not sure what he is going to do with the money but should be interesting. I knew he was clever but he surprised me on this one.”
Investigations administrator Tim Kolar wrote in a tongue-in-cheek email that he knows “first-hand it is rare for `man's best friend' to contribute financially to the household and that will continue in this instance.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bradford City have signed departing Burton Albion midfielder Hope Akpan on a two-year deal.
Akpan joins the Bantams on a free transfer, having been out of contract at the Pirelli Stadium.
He had been offered a new deal by the Brewers, who were keen to keep hold of him in League One - but the Nigeria international has decided to move to another third-tier side in Bradford.
After a slow start to life with Albion, not helped by joining halfway through pre-season, Akpan made a telling impact towards the back end of the 2017-18 season.
He was a key performer alongside Luke Murphy and Jacob Davenport in Burton's three-man midfield, and he got the equaliser at Preston North End on the final day which temporarily nudged the Brewers out of the relegation zone before Bolton Wanderers' late fightback against Nottingham Forest fans.
Bradford fans have been having their say on their club's ninth signing of the summer - and they seem to be looking forward to having Akpan in the Bantams midfield for 2018-19.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko (R) and head of Ukraine's security service Vasyl Grytsak (L) react during a press conference at Ukrainian Security Service in Kiev on May 30, 2018. SERGEI SUPINSKY/Getty Images
Tributes and obituaries had poured in for Arkady Babchenko after news that the Russian journalist had been shot and killed Tuesday in the Ukrainian capital. Babchenko had fled Russia in February 2017 fearing for his safety as he became one of the most prominent critics of the Russian government. So as soon as authorities said Babchenko had been killed—allegedly shot in the back three times as he left his apartment to buy bread—suspicion immediately fell on the Kremlin. Turns out though, Babchenko wasn't killed at all.
In a plot twist seemingly no one saw coming, Babchenko showed up at a news conference Wednesday where journalists were expecting to get an update on the investigation of the journalist's murder. Amid gasps and applause from those gathered at the news conference, officials explained Babchenko staged his own death in a highly coordinated effort with Ukrainian law enforcement as part of an investigation into threats made against his life. Babchenko apologized to his friends and wife, who was apparently unaware of the whole operation. “I have buried many friends and colleagues many times and I know the sickening feeling,” he said. “I am sorry you had to experience it. But there was no other way.”
Video of the moment Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko 'comes back from the dead' https://t.co/oaxS7nw3XH Via @MetroUK pic.twitter.com/jSjOLWzVJ5 — Richard HP (@richardhp) May 30, 2018
It seems the ruse required a highly skilled level of acting from Babchenko who apparently played dead in front of his wife. The whole staging took place in Babchenko's apartment in Kiev. His wife allegedly heard gunshots and saw him lying on the floor, covered in what she thought was blood. She called the police and an ambulance and officials later said Babchenko died en route to the hospital. “Olechka, I am terribly sorry,” he said, addressing his wife, “but there were no other options.”
It is far from clear how the faked assassination helped authorities catch perpetrators but police say they have made one arrest. Vasyl Hrystak, head of the Ukrainian security service, said Kremlin officials had recruited a former fighter in east Ukraine and offered him $40,000 for the murder. The assassination “was ordered by Russia's security forces,” Hrytsak said. “The organizer was talking about killing another 30 people in Ukraine. We know some names but I won't name them.”
Needless to say, this movie-plot twist won't do anything to improve relations between Kiev and Moscow. The Russian foreign ministry issued a statement saying it was happy that Babchenko was alive. “It is a shame that Babchenko participated in the Ukrainian security services' provocation. I include this staging in the series of nonsensical actions on the Russian track carried out by the Ukrainian authorities,” Konstantin Kosachyov, the head of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the Russian Senate, told Interfax.
Whatever was gained by this stunt, I fear far more was lost. Triumph of hall-of-mirrors, fake-newsification of everything, which by definition can only harm trust in media, police, everybody. https://t.co/8JxXuSJmeD — Joshua Yaffa (@yaffaesque) May 30, 2018
The Kremlin has been fighting for a long time to undermine the idea of truth and reality. Ukraine just helped them along. — Miriam Elder (@MiriamElder) May 30, 2018
Amid the joy of seeing Babchenko alive, many were quick to criticize Kiev for a stunt that some are saying will only increase skepticism about both the media and the government. “Whatever was gained by this stunt, I fear far more was lost. Triumph of hall-of-mirrors, fake-newsification of everything, which by definition can only harm trust in media, police, everybody,” wrote The New Yorker's Joshua Yaffa. Some said the Kremlin was the real winner of this high-profile stunt. “The Kremlin has been fighting for a long time to undermine the idea of truth and reality,” wrote BuzzFeed editor Miriam Elder. “Ukraine just helped them along.” The Financial Times' Max Seddon couldn't quite make up his mind about what to think: “I can't decide if this is the most brilliant or spectacularly moronic thing I've ever heard. I think it's both.” Others had a bit less trouble coming to a conclusion: “My first reaction to the Babchenko stunt was that it was a stupid idea. After further reflection, I now think it was a really stupid idea.”
I can't decide if this is the most brilliant or spectacularly moronic thing I've ever heard. I think it's both. Up there with the guy in Guatemala who set up his own murder to make it look like someone else had done it — max seddon (@maxseddon) May 30, 2018
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) and wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) celebrate running back Rod Smith's (45) fourth quarter touchdown catch and run against the New York Giants at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, Sunday, December 10, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- After Dak Prescott's career day throwing for 332 yards and three touchdowns, some of his teammates talked in the locker room about what the young quarterback was like on the field Sunday afternoon.
"He's just a great leader," wide receiver Cole Beasley said. "He stays poised no matter what is going on, no matter bad play or good play, he's the same guy all the way through. He's just steady. That's what you need from your quarterback and your leader. He keeps guys level."
Prescott averaged 11.1 yards per passing attempt Sunday, the highest by a Cowboys QB since Jon Kitna averaged 14.9 yards per attempt against the Giants in Nov. 2010.
Prescott's three touchdown passes Sunday gave him 21 on the season. He now has thrown for 20 or more TDs in both of his first two years in the NFL. Troy Aikman only had one season with 20 or more TD passes. Roger Staubach had three. Tony Romo holds the franchise record with seven.
The 21st century has not been kind to America.
It began with our country being the world's unquestioned economic, military and cultural power. We were sure of ourselves, confident, and feared nothing or no one.
The economy was roaring along, fueled by an explosive new industry that unleashed an era of unprecedented innovation and wealth creation. It was called the Internet. The Cold War was over. Our main geopolitical rival—the Soviet Union—had collapsed peacefully. Terrorism was something that happened elsewhere.
Politically, did Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, have disagreements? Of course. But they didn't automatically vilify the other side, or consider them a mortal enemy to be destroyed at all costs. Politics wasn't a zero-sum death match in which only one side could win. There was an understanding that the country could move ahead if, and only if, each side gave something up to get something in return. It was called compromise. And it worked. There was a balanced budget, welfare reform, more cops on the street, to name just a few achievements that resulted from political rivals meeting each other halfway.
How times have changed. Since the dawn of the millennium, we have suffered two devastating stock market collapses: the S&P 500's SPX, -0.49% 49% wipeout between 2000 and 2002, and an even bigger crash—56%—just five years later. In addition to these epic market disasters—which wiped out an estimated $20 trillion in wealth—there was a massive housing bust that cost Americans an additional $7 trillion. Taxpayers were forced to bail out automakers, banks and mortgage companies to keep the entire U.S. economy from collapsing. The nation's economic faith and confidence was shaken to the core, and we've never really gotten it back.
And then there was the one event that transpired over the course of just two hours, but has driven huge changes in our lives ever since: the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks on New York and Washington. More people died that morning than died at Pearl Harbor or on D-Day; in fact, only the Civil War battle of Antietam took more lives in one day than 9/11. That's how bad it was.
It taught Americans that the buffer of two vast oceans was no longer enough to see us safe. We began to look at people who didn't “look like us” differently.
It also led to the two longest wars in American history, fought simultaneously. One—Afghanistan—was a war of necessity that is about to enter its 18th year. The other—Iraq—was a war of choice that cost us dearly in blood, treasure and reputation. There's a general consensus today that it was a colossal error.
But 9/11 also led to something else: the gradual relinquishing of freedom in the name of security. Politicians who were always opposed to big government suddenly made it a lot bigger, with massive, highly expensive new federal agencies that to this day have greater power to pry deep into our personal lives. We surrendered this precious privacy with barely a squawk.
Today, America is not as free as it used to be. As the century began, Freedom House ranked us (with 1 being the best), a 1 for civil liberties and a 1 for political rights. Today, we're still a 1 when it comes to civil liberties, but our political rights have been downgraded to a 2. Behind the lower grade: “growing evidence of Russian interference in the 2016 elections, violations of basic ethical standards by the new administration, and a reduction in government transparency.”
Related: Former Bush speechwriter says Republicans becoming party of white backlash
In terms of economic freedom, the Cato Institute says that in the 1999, we were the fifth-freest country in the world, with a ranking of 8.7 out of 10 for a variety of categories. We are now 11th. In terms of personal freedom, we're only 24th.
The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, doesn't even consider the U.S. to be “free” anymore, but “mostly free.” It also cites a growing lack of government integrity, due to the “perception of cronyism, elite privilege, and corruption.”
And the press—it's not called the watchdog of democracy for nothing you know—is only the 45th freest in the world. 45th. Notes Reporters Without Borders: “The violent anti-press rhetoric from the highest level of the U.S. government has been coupled with an increase in the number of press freedom violations at the local level as journalists run the risk of arrest for covering protests or simply attempting to ask public officials questions. Reporters have even been subject to physical assault while on the job.” The report was written before last week's murder of five people at a Maryland newspaper.
And even as individuals, Americans seem to have changed as well since the dawn of the millennium—and not for the better. People seem scared, distrustful and paranoid today, not just of the outside world, but of each other. Crime is way down since the 1990s, but people think it's way up. Trust in institutions—the government, big business, the clergy, the media, on and on—is down.
We like to complain about things, but only 56% of us bothered to vote in the 2016 election.
We demand good roads and schools, clean water, Medicare and all the rest, but bitch about paying taxes.
We call ourselves patriots and we love the Constitution—though most of us can only name the first or second amendments to it.
We call ourselves civic minded—but can't name our own member of Congress; only a quarter can name the three branches of government.
We identify ourselves by political affiliation, associate only with our own kind, and shun the rest. Anyone who does this is therefore contributing to the ripping of our national fabric.
School shootings, road rage, cyberbullying. Tribalism, nativism, isolationism. How did we become so angry, selfish and self-absorbed?
Kids don't play outside much anymore, and when they do, parents are afraid to let them out of their sight. When did we become so afraid and insecure?
We seem to have been overcome by pettiness and cynicism, incapable of doing anything big anymore. How did we descend from the country that cured polio, built the interstate highway system and put a man on the moon—to one in which millions see nothing wrong with the government ripping babies from their mother's bosom? And we're so intolerant that we can't sit next to someone we disagree with in a restaurant—because they're the intolerant ones? Gotcha.
The greatest danger to America, Abraham Lincoln said in 1838—in the first major speech he ever gave, his famous Lyceum Address—isn't some foreign power crossing the ocean to crush us. “Never!” he said defiantly.
No, he said, the greatest danger “must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.”
0:41
Answers to solar eclipse questions you're too embarrassed to ask
2:03
McClatchy marks five years of captivity for journalist Austin Tice
7:26
By day, Jimmy Baldwin is a top creative mind at advertising agency The Richards Group. He might be more well-known though for his music. He blends Americana with country, folk, and blues, and that paired with his profound and wicked sense of humor have made him extremely popular locally and helped him grow a fan base nationally.
Jimmy recently shot a music video with his wife of 21 years, Jane. When asked to describe the song, Jimmy told Guide Live it “twists a blues song, usually about breakups, into a song about love gone right.” As for the video, Jimmy and Jane wanted a piece that “shows how being in love makes even the most mundane day-to-day experiences more fun and exciting, from reading the paper and washing dishes at home to visiting our favorite local spots.”
And local spots they did visit. Keep an eye out for Dallas landmarks and favorites including: the Kessler Theater, Wild Detectives, Dude, Sweet Chocolate, Bill's Records, Lee Harvey's, Klyde Warren Park, the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge and Deep Ellum!
Watch the video below!
Via Guide Live
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Of Guatemala's 14 million inhabitants, approximately half have indigenous roots, including Maya, Garifuna and Xinca peoples. Throughout the centuries, indigenous communities have endured much turmoil, from the Spanish conquest to a 36-year civil war that resulted in more than 200,000 deaths where more than 80 percent of those were Mayan, according to a U.N.–based report.
But what's remarkable is that despite violence and death, these communities' ancient practices have prevailed.
A visually stunning new book details one of the Maya's most enduring traditions, their healers.
“I was privileged to be allowed to photograph the healings, to listen to their stories and dreams, and to enter the forest with them to photograph Maya ceremonies performed at sacred sites," said award-winning photographer Fran Antmann, author of the recently published "Maya Healers: A Thousand Dreams."
Pedro Mendoza tries to walk again with the help of his mother and brother. After a work-related accident, Pedro's broken leg was healed over several weeks by healer and bonesetter Berta Navichoc. Fran Antmann
Antmann, who is known internationally for her several books and photography collections, said she chose the word "dreams" in the title not just because it's poetic, but because it's a big part of understanding their centuries-old practices.
“The healers (curanderos) are said to derive their power and knowledge from dreams,” she said. “The healers are believed to have connections with the supernatural.”
Antmann focused her research in a village called San Pedro La Laguna on the shores of Lake Atitlán.
In rural parts of Guatemala, medical care is usually expensive and geographically inaccessible. Spanish is also sometimes a foreign language to the indigenous population, and many feel disdain from doctors. This explains, Antmann said, why it is more comforting for members of some indigenous communities to go to their local healer.
Healers are determined at birth, and it is believed that individuals are born with this “don,” or gift. It's considered a sacred profession, and one decides to accept it or not. They don't go to medical school, nor do they get paid.
Healers who use objects to realign the bones, and then their hands to finish the treatment are called “hueseros” or “bonesetters.” They feel like they don't even guide their hands to heal, explains Antmann, their hands guide them.
Healer, bonesetter and midwife Josefina Vasquez, photographed by Fran Antmann during a healing. Fran Antmann
“The bonesetters often describe how they found through dreams the sacred bones they use for healing,” said Antmann. “For the Maya, the place and role of dreams is ingrained in their culture.”
Antmann was impressed by the faith of the patient and the healer.
“The healing takes place where the patient lives, or sometimes in their sacred Maya spaces,” said Antmann. “The whole family is involved – it's a communal affair. Family members are praying in the adjacent room, and their participation is integral in the healing process.”
Fran Antmann's book "Maya Healers" Nirala Publications
The Maya's rich traditions has survived much upheaval and violence since the arrival of the Spanish in the fifteenth century.
For Antmann, who was born in the Bronx, New York to German and Austrian Holocaust survivors, it's been a privilege to be able to witness the Mayan way of life.
“I feel an umbilical cord to Guatemala,”Antmann said, adding that her adoptive daughter is from San Pedro.
As a Fulbright scholar, she spent 1979 through 1981 in the Peruvian Andes recovering the work of the late acclaimed but forgotten photographer Sebastian Rodriguez. A current professor at Baruch College in NYC, she spent the past 12 summers in Guatemala. Though she has recently focused on Guatemala, she has devoted much of her award-winning photography to documenting the people and places of Mexico and Peru.
A view of Lake Atitlan, which as Antmann explains in her book, is threatened by pollution and overpopulation. Fran Antmann
“What is most significant to me is the way I was accepted into this community, and how I gradually gained access to and built a bridge of trust to the families and natural healers,” said Antmann.
Another important part of this long trajectory was the experience of going back to San Pedro with the book in hand, sharing it with the healers, and seeing how much it meant to them," she said. "I can't think of anything more gratifying for a photographer working in another culture.”
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Young Kenyan men hang out in front of closed shops in Nairobi's Kibera slum Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga urged his supporters to skip work on Monday to protest what he charged were rigged elections that gave victory to President Uhuru Kenyatta. The government denounced violent demonstrations as unlawful and urged Kenyans to return to their jobs. Jerome Delay AP Photo
Icy road condition due to freezing rain have delayed the start of classes or cancelled them for the day at schools throughout North Central Washington.
Brewster: 2 hours late.
Cascade School District: 90-minute late start (regular late-start schedule)
Cashmere School District: 2 hours late.
Eastmont School District: 2 hours late. No Zero Hour classes, Before School Student Care or morning Wee Wildcat Preschool.
Entiat School District: 2 hours late.
Ephrata School District: School is closed today because of freezing rain. Parent/teacher conferences will be rescheduled.
Lake Chelan School District: 9:40 a.m. start, buses running the same time as a Monday Late Start.
Mansfield School District: 2 hours late. No preschool, no breakfast.
Okanogan School District: Closed.
Omak School District: Closed. (A change from 2-hour delay)
Quincy School District: Closed
Soap Lake School District: 2 hours late
Waterville School District: 2 hours late
Wenatchee School District: 2 hours late
Wenatchee Valley College: Wenatchee campus delayed 2 hours (10 a.m. start). Omak campus is closed.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Wednesday said Super Eagles' winger, Moses Simon would undergo one more final scan in London ahead of Nigeria's game against England on Saturday.
Simon was initially ruled out of the World Cup by Head Coach Gernot Rohr after the player's scan results confirmed he would be out of the tournament.
However, Moses requested for a further scan in the UK, with Rohr granting him his wish to prove his fitness ahead of the world cup.
According to reports on the NFF official Twitter handles on Wednesday, Coach Rohr is willing to wait and see if the player can make a late push for the World Cup in Russia.
The winger scored once and provided two assists for Nigeria as they went unbeaten throughout the qualifying series.
He will no doubt be a massive miss should further scan confirm him unfit to play at the Mundial in Russia next month.
Rohr has dropped the quartet of goalkeeper Dele Ajiboye, defender Stephen Eze, midfielder Uche Agbo, as well as NPFL hotshot Junior Lokosa, as he trimmed his list to 24 players.
The Franco-German had earlier revealed that five players would be dropped from the cut but injury to winger Moses Simon opened up for probably one new inclusion.
Rohr however opted for FC Crotone of Italy striker Simeon Nwankwo as the striker battles it out for the final 23-man squad that will fly to Russia in the coming days.
Despite being backed by Rohr in his pre-match conference prior to the DR Congo clash last Friday, Standard Liege midfielder Agbo was dropped after not featuring in any of the qualifiers.
While NPFL goal banger Lokosa also misses out despite impressing in the game against Congo.
The squad, comprising 3 goalkeepers, 9 defenders, 7 midfielders and 5 attackers, will join Chelsea star Victor Moses in the UK as they prepare for the friendly game against England on Saturday.
Full Squad:
Goalkeepers: Francis Uzoho, Daniel Akpeyi, Ikechukwu Ezenwa.
Defenders: Abdullahi Shehu, Tyronne Ebuehi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Chidozie Awaziem, Kenneth Omeruo, Bryan Idowu, Ola Aina, Elderson Echiejile.
Midfielders: Ogenyi Onazi, Mikel Agu, Wilfred Ndidi, Joel Obi, John Ogu, Oghenekharo Etebo, Mikel Obi.
Attackers: Alex Iwobi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Ahmed Musa, Odion Ighalo and Simy Nwankwo.
(NAN)
Meera Jasmine, the National award winning film actress was previously seen in the film 10 Kalpanakal, which had hit the theatres in the year 2016. The actress had played the role of a cop in the movie, which featured Anoop Menon in the lead role.
Now, rumours are doing the rounds that Meera Jasmine will appear in a Malayalam movie soon. If reports are to be believed, the popular actress will make a comeback to Malayalam films with Mohanlal's next movie, directed by Ajoy Varma.
No official confirmation has been made regarding Meera Jasmine's association with the project. Speculations are also doing the rounds that Meera Jasmine will be seen playing Mohanlal's wife in this upcoming film, which has been titled as Neerali. Mohanlal and Meera Jasmine have earlier worked together in movies like Rasathanthram, Innathe Chinthavishayam, Ladies and Gentlemen etc.
Earlier, the makers of Neerali had revealed that popular actress Parvati Nair will be seen essaying a crucial role in the film. Speculations were also doing the rounds that popular actress Meena might be a part of this movie.
Meanwhile, the shoot of Neerali is currently progressing in Mumbai. The film is touted to be a thriller with lots of adventure and action elements. Suraj venjaramoodu, Sai Kumar, Dileesh Pothen etc., are also a part of the cast list. Reports are also doing the rounds that a popular Bollywood actor will also be seen essaying an important role in this upcoming Mohanlal starrer.
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
The Vegas Golden Knights' incredible inaugural season isn't slowing down in the Stanley Cup Final. (Photo: Vegas Golden Knights)
By GREG BEACHAM
AP Sports Writer
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Vegas Golden Knights' incredible inaugural season isn't slowing down in the Stanley Cup Final.
Tomas Nosek scored the tiebreaking goal midway through the third period, and the expansion Golden Knights opened an improbable Final with a thrilling 6-4 victory over the Washington Capitals on Monday night.
Marc-Andre Fleury made 24 saves in an occasionally shaky performance, but the three-time Stanley Cup winner's new teammates carried the goalie who has so often carried them with a relentless outburst of offense.
The Eastern Conference champion Capitals hadn't given up this many goals in 29 games since March 18, but they hadn't seen anything like this charmed run by the upstart Knights.
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
16th NAPF North American Powerlifting C/ships… Space Gym helps power Carlos Petterson
Space Gym has continued its tradition of supporting its members who have made the cut at the national level, tangibly. The latest athlete to benefit is national powerlifting sensation Carlos Petterson who will be competing at the 16th NAPF North American Powerlifting Championships set for Mexico City, Mexico from August 2-4, 2018.
Gym Manager of Space Gym, Mr. Lucas Matos yesterday handed over a cheque to Petterson to assist with expenses towards the August sojourn.
Matos said that since opening its doors over two years ago, Space Gym has sought to encourage its members including national athletes to always aim for the skies. He noted that this encouragement is not only in words but also tangibly.
”We know how tough it can be in terms of raising funds to take care of your airfare meals and accommodation when travelling let along ensuring that your training routine is second too none to be in tip top competition shape. It is with this in mind that Space Gym seeks to our members to ensure that they are well prepared physically and otherwise for the task at hand.”
Matos sated that they would continue to reach out and assist as best they could since they see it as a major responsibility.
Petterson, who competes in the 93kg category, in expressing gratitude to Matos and Space Gym for their support said that he is aiming to break the Squat World Record which stands at 303kgs as well as the Deadlift record in Mexico.
Just recently, the 24 year-old strongman set an Equipped Deadlift record at the Guyana Amateur Powerlifting Federation (GAPLF) Intermediate Championships of 320kg; he also set a new Total record.
He is also the reigning Pan American Junior Deadlift and Total record holder; Commonwealth Deadlift record holder as well as the South American Squat, Deadlift and Total record holder.
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop his own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what he claims would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. He has unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help him understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give his dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since he has his hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which he will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. He has also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, he will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The much sought peace in the Niger Delta may not be far from realisation, as the Federal Government has made a u-turn by deciding to work with illegal oil refiners, instead of destroying their refineries.
The much sought peace in the Niger Delta may not be far from realisation, as the Federal Government has made a u-turn by deciding to work with illegal oil refiners, instead of destroying their refineries.
“Our approach to that is that we must engage them (illegal refiners) by establishing modular refineries so that they can participate in legal refineries. We have recognised that young men must be properly engaged,” he said, without giving details.
He also said that the government will make more provisions for the amnesty scheme for former militants who laid down arms in 2009 in exchange for cash stipends and job training.
Illegal refining is one of the few businesses flourishing in an otherwise desolate region, as petrol is scarce in Nigeria due to the country's derelict state refineries. Authorities had originally cut the budget for cash payments to militants to end corruption but later resumed payments to stop surging pipeline attacks crippling vital oil revenues.
“We have made more provisions for amnesty and provisions for social intervention,” Osinbajo told residents of Port Harcourt.
He has been visiting the Niger Delta since last month to calm tensions. The government was said to have been holding talks with militants to end attacks on oil pipelines which cut the country's output by 700,000 barrels a day for several months last year.
The post FG to work with illegal oil refiners – Osinbajo appeared first on Lagos Television.
By PAUL ELIASAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, injuring four and prompting a massive police response in a neighborhood near downtown, officials said.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries. Gaut said four people were injured and that he believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself."
Gaut and hospital officials did not have immediate information about anyone's condition.
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesman Brent Andrew said, but he did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said he heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing he knew, he said, "a mob of UPS drivers" was running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lagos State Government has allayed the fear of job lost in the state's transport sector as it moves to stop operations of yellow commercial buses popularly known as ‘danfo' in order to ensure a more efficient transport system
In a session with journalists, Lagos State Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Steve Ayorinde assured that there will be no job lost by the time the state phases out usage of yellow commercial buses, popularly known as ‘danfo'.
Ayorinde who explained that the government has had series of meeting with stakeholders concerned in the business of mass transportation said the idea to phase out ‘danfos' in Lagos is essential for the common good of all Lagosians.
He furthered, “We are not taking the yellow buses out of the whole of Lagos. In the first instance, they will still be able to work in communities, local government roads, but not on the highways, major roads within the metropolis of Lagos.
Ayorinde added that the yellow buses will be allowed to move into the hinterland but stated that there will be sufficient and more environmentally friendly buses that will be provided by the state before that is done.”
He said: “The buses that will be brought with air conditions, provisions for physically challenged people will not be powered by angels, solar or driverless technologies. Drivers will work there, bus assistant will work there, so what it means is that we won't just be able to employ erstwhile drivers of yellow buses but we will also be able to employ bus assistant that read tickets, sign and issue tickets and operate computers. Who says they can't even be graduates? So far they are adequately remunerated.
“That is the vision that the Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has for Lags state, So it is not about taking jobs away from anybody it is about making lives better for those who are in the sector.
Meanwhile, the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Lagos Chapter, on Tuesday advised its members not to panic over the proposed ban on operations of yellow commercial buses.
The state Chairman of the union, Mr Tajudeen Agbede, gave the advice in an interview with newsmen in Lagos.
Recall that Ambode had on Feb. 6 announced a plan to stop operations of yellow commercial buses popularly known as ‘danfo' for a more efficient, well-structured and world-class mass transport system.
Ambode said that the well-structured transport system would ease movement within the state and make Lagos cleaner without burdening the people in terms of taxes.
Agbede said that the union was discussing the proposed ban with the government, adding that the union was ready to cooperate with the state government on its mega city project.
“We are still discussing with the government on the proposed ban on yellow buses, but we believe it is going to yield a positive result.
“The union is ready to comply with the conditions of making the state a mega city.
“We are ready to change the colour of our buses and also comply with the directive to follow the service lanes,” Agbede said.
The post Ban on ‘danfo': Lagos allays fear of job loss as NURTW backs move appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
The National Sleep Foundation of America claims that it should take between 10 and 20 minutes for an average person to fall asleep. Your daily routine affects how well you sleep. If you go to bed around the same time every night, your body will thank you by being more consistent with your nightly snoozes. Some people are lucky enough to fall asleep the second their head hits the pillow, while others need hours to nod off. Here are 6 science backed ways to fall asleep faster.
Before bedtime
1. Take a warm shower
Apart from the psychological satisfaction of going to bed clean and fresh, when you step out of warm shower, your body temperature drops significantly, which causes sleepiness. So take your showers in the night time so that falling asleep can be easier.
2. Cool your room down
Nothing is more disruptive to sleep than an overheated body. The ideal temperature to adjust your thermostat on is between 21 and 23 degrees Celsius. Wear light cotton pyjamas and make sure your bedroom is a cool and dark environment.
3. Put your phone down
Every single phone screen emits a blue light, which causes the brain activity to increase right before bedtime, when we should be doing the exact opposite. If you really can't live without your phone, then dim your screen, switch on night mode if possible, or download a dimming app, so you can keep your brain activity low.
If you're having trouble falling asleep:
4. Stick your feet out
Exposing even part of your feet to the cooler air helps your body heat to drop more quickly. It's a surprisingly simple sleep hack, one that helps you fall asleep more quickly and sleep better.
5. The 4-7-8 method
Dr. Andrew Weil, a bestselling sleep author, swears by the “4-7-8” breathing method. The method is said to relax you by increasing the amount of oxygen in your blood stream, slowing your heart rate down and getting rid of CO2 from your lungs.
Push your tongue lightly behind your upper front teeth, and keep it there the whole time. Exhale completely. Breathe in through your nose for 4 seconds, hold your breath for 7 seconds, and then release the breath through your mouth for 8 seconds. Repeat the cycle and you should fall asleep within 1 minute.
6. Massage your pressure points
Massaging certain parts of your body causes you to relax and fall asleep faster. Apply pressure to the area between your eyebrows right above your nose for 1 minute. Press the area that's between your first and second toes, on top of the foot. Or massage both of your ears for a minute.
A few weird tips that work for some people:
Blink uncontrollably for 1 minute straight
Wear a sleep mask to eliminate light completely
Breathe out of your left nostril 26 times
Use a white noise app
Don't look at the time. That will stress you out and make it even more difficult
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dallas is a blue merle Queensland Heeler who is at the San Luis Obispo County Animal Services shelter. She came to the shelter last year at 7 years old, was adopted, but then returned when her owner had to go into a care facility. The gentle pup is now looking for another home. For more information: 805-781-4413 or www.slocounty.ca.gov/aserv.
The residents of Toronto, Canada are trying to process the horror of the news that a local man killed 10 pedestrians after he ran them over while driving a van at full-speed.
The man accused of steering a white rental van down a packed Toronto street, killing 10 people and leaving 15 others injured, appears to have praised the killer in a 2014 attack near the University of California, Santa Barbara https://t.co/MAgCHnrIbp pic.twitter.com/ZUOoBYUaJF — CNN (@CNN) April 24, 2018
CNN has all the details surrounding the terrifying murders of 10 Toronto pedestrians, who were all killed by Alek Minassian as he plowed into them while driving. It has also just been announced that Minassian is officially charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder for taking the lives of his unsuspecting victims.
Via CNN:
No one knows why a rental van plowed into Toronto pedestrians for nearly a mile — except for the driver himself. By the end of the melee Monday, 10 pedestrians were killed. Another 15 were injured. And now the suspect is in custody, though the reason for the devastation remains unclear.
Investigators hope to get more answers when the suspect, Alek Minassian of Richmond Hill, Ontario, appears in court at 10 a.m. ET Tuesday. So far, officials aren't calling this an act of terrorism. “There would appear to be no national security connection,” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said. But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate.” The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk. Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said. A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims, while also acknowledging the hard work of first responders. Speaking to the press about the deadly attack, he said “We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities. We are monitoring this situation closely and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians.”
Trudeau continued his statements by hoping for a motive sooner rather than later. “Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it.”
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Issa Rae Teams Up With BET To Find New Talent For TV Series
Lizzo Shares How Her Bare Ass Brought Her Liberation At Beautycon
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Onozure Dania
GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State will on Thursday perform the official unveiling of Africa for Peace Centre and the groundbreaking ceremony of African Heritage International Academy, at Osubi, Okpe Local Government Area of the state.
National Coordinator and Founder, Centre for Peace and Environmental Justice, CEPEJ, Mr Sheriff Mulade, who made the disclosure, yesterday, said Governor Okowa will be the Special Guest of honour at the event.
He said: “Others being expected to grace the occasion are Prof Al Hassan Cotent, Liberia Ambassador to Nigeria, HRH Yahaya Abubakar, Etsu Nupe and Chairman, Niger State Emirs Council, the Speaker of Delta State House of Assembly, Mr Sheriff Oborevwori, the Orodje of Okpe Kingdom, His Majesty, Orhue 1, Major Gen. Felix Mujakperuo (red), HRM King Alfred Diete Spiff, Chairman of Bayelsa State Traditional Council, members of the Diplomatic Corps and host of others.”
“The office complex which we call The Africa for Peace Centre to be unveiled on Thursday, was specially built to accommodate our civil society group, CEPEJ, a non-religious and non-political civil society organisation that has become, since inception, the foremost, authentic, credible and well accepted national and international organization for peace and environmental best practices.
“CEPEJ is committed to actively working to promote peace, effective security and environmental institution that collaborate with government, ministries, agencies as well as private organisations, to adopt and implement non-violent means of conflict resolution. CEPEJ is in a hurry to invest in institutions and people.”
“We strongly believe that young people should be involved in the process of regional transformation as they are key elements in achieving sustainable development.”
On the African Heritage International Academy, Mulade said, “The idea of the academy is one that came out of the need to provide quality education and offer our promising young ones the opportunity to appreciate and internalise in their young minds the intense values of clean environment and justice. We believe that quality education is the hallmark of the 21st Century youth. We cannot afford to allow them to suffer good educational deprivation. This is because we are aware that when the youth suffer, the future suffers and we cannot prepare the future for the youth but we can only prepare the youth for the future. We shall provide them with a most friendly and an ambient atmosphere for learning.”
This story is about Published 2h
Early free agent look: The Mavericks may have Harrison Barnes, but that doesn't mean they can't upgrade at SF Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Gene Sweeney Jr./Getty Images SALT LAKE CITY, UT - APRIL 27: Paul George #13 of the Oklahoma City Thunder drives around the defense of Royce O'Neale #23 of the Utah Jazz in the first half during Game Six of Round One of the 2018 NBA Playoffs at Vivint Smart Home Arena on April 27, 2018 in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Gene Sweeney Jr./Getty Images)
By Eddie Sefko , Staff Writer Contact Eddie Sefko on Twitter: @ESefko
The Mavericks have promised they will spend in free agency this summer. They have some cash. Not a whole lot of other teams do. So they will fill up their machine gun with all the bullets they can find and figure out who makes sense and whom might be worth big bucks.
Why younger free agents like Houston's Clint Capela can help expedite the Mavericks' rebuild
They'll have somewhere between $20-million and $30-million to spend, most likely. So who's out there? We've been looking at different positions on a daily basis. We touched on point guards and shooting guards in our two earlier installments. Today, we look at small forward, which this summer is the NBA's pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. The superstars are there to be had for those who have positioned themselves as a great destination with a chance to win big. Alas, the Mavericks are not on that list. The good news is that small forward seems like it's way down the list among the Mavericks' priorities. They've got Harrison Barnes who has blossomed into a consistent 18-point, 6-rebound player and he still appears to be on the upside of his career. That doesn't mean you can't improve at that position, whether it's with a value signing for depth or maybe, if you are a dreamer, a big fish that someday might just bite on the Mavericks' big wallet attached to the hook they use in free agency. So here's a look at small forwards that make sense for the Mavericks, and a few that probably don't. Nos. 5 & 4: LeBron James & Paul George
Maddie Meyer/Getty Images BOSTON, MA - MAY 27: LeBron James #23 of the Cleveland Cavaliers reacts in the second half against the Boston Celtics during Game Seven of the 2018 NBA Eastern Conference Finals at TD Garden on May 27, 2018 in Boston, Massachusetts. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
OK, OK. Before you click away from this list and declare that it has lost all credibility because there's no chance of James and/or George coming to Dallas, we agree with you. But hear us out. If Cleveland gets waxed in the NBA finals - not out of the realm of believability - James will be leaving the Cavaliers this summer. He might want to go to Los Angeles and join the Lakers with George. The pair is rumored to be a package deal. But what if the Mavericks could jettison one of their big contracts (Wesley Matthews) and anybody else not named Dennis Smith Jr. or Harrison Barnes? That might create enough space to bring aboard James and George. You think those two would rather partner with Smith and Barnes rather than Lonzo Ball and Kyle Kuzma? Stranger stuff has happened. No. 3: Kyle Anderson
Rose Baca/Staff Photographer San Antonio Spurs guard Kyle Anderson (1) lays up a shot against Dallas Mavericks forward Dorian Finney-Smith (10) in the second period at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, April 7, 2017. (Rose Baca/The Dallas Morning News)
As we try to subtly step back into reality here, we look at San Antonio's 6-9 Anderson, who has slowly evolved into a functional backup player on a good team. The question is how much further up the ladder is his threshold. He averaged 7.9 points and 5.4 rebounds in more than 26 minutes per game this season. That's not going to blow anybody away, but it was a glimpse that he's got a bit more in the tank than maybe he's showed so far. He's one of those players that can do a little bit of everything. It would be nicer if he did one thing very well. But he's only 24. Maybe that's in the cards down the line. And he might come cheap. No. 2: Rodney Hood
Gregory Shamus/Getty Images CLEVELAND, OH - APRIL 15: Rodney Hood #1 of the Cleveland Cavaliers warms up prior to playing the Indiana Pacers in Game One of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals during the 2018 NBA Playoffs at Quicken Loans Arena on April 15, 2018 in Cleveland, Ohio. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
He didn't seem to fit in all that well in Cleveland after coming over in the trade that sent Jae Crowder to Utah. He's a good 3-point shooter and would seem to have his best years in front of him as he's only 25. He doesn't do a lot other than shoot 3-pointers, but he's burned the Mavericks more than a few times when he was in Utah. If somebody doesn't throw silly money at him, the Mavericks might be able to keep their payroll in good shape and still land a guy who's young, improving and has a chance to be a starter for years to come. No. 1: Jabari Parker
Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images MILWAUKEE, WI - APRIL 22: Jabari Parker #12 of the Milwaukee Bucks drives against Guerschon Yabusele #30 of the Boston Celtics during Game Four of Round One of the 2018 NBA Playoffs at the Bradley Center on April 22, 2018 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The Bucks defeated the Celtics 104-102. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)
The former second-overall pick for the Bucks has been injured far too often for anybody's liking, but he did have an effective playoff series last month against Boston, averaging 10 points and 5 rebounds off the bench for Milwaukee, which lost in seven games to the Celtics. He's a so-so 3-point shooter, but has shown flashes to indicate he might become much more proficient in the future. And two seasons back, he averaged 20 points, six rebounds and nearly three assists in 51 games for the Bucks. Again, this is a chance play because the injury situation is going to scare a few teams off. But for the right price, the reward might be worth the risk. Best of the rest: Kevin Durant (everybody holds your breath on this one), Dorian Finney-Smith (probably coming back on the cheap), Trevor Ariza (maybe six years ago), Rudy Gay (actually did well this year with Spurs), Wilson Chandler (pass), Mario Hezonja (has yet to blossom), Joe Johnson (ancient), Carmelo Anthony (ancient-er).
More free agent breakdowns Point guard | shooting guard | small forward | power forward | center
OREGON City, Ore.– 25 year old DeShaun Swangr pleaded Guilty Monday to throwing gasoline on 70 year old Scott Ranstrom and lighting him on fire. This happened a year ago at the Denny's in Happy Valley on 82nd Avenue. Swanger was charged with attempted aggravated murder, Arson 1 Assault 2 and 4 and harassment. As part of the plea agreement arson and assault charges were dismissed. Ranstrom's family raised more than $40,000 through a Gofund me account but that will hardly put a dent in his medical bills. Ranstrom's sister Kim Kurtz says, ” Swanger is pure evil. He knew exactly what he was doing, he is not Crazy.”
Scott Ranstrom's face is badly burned. He had part of his colon removed, and he may never have full use of his hands again.
In a letter from the Minnesota Amateur Sports Commission Dec. 1, the city of East Bethel was informed that it received a James Metzen Mighty Ducks Ice Arena Grant.
What began as an effort to upgrade an aging 1996 propane-powered Zamboni for the East Bethel Ice Arena led to City Council approval of the $72,000 grant for a new electric-powered Zamboni.
In a unanimous vote on the Dec. 21 consent agenda, the City Council confirmed acceptance of the grant.
Jack Davis, city administrator for East Bethel, said “all funding is generated by ice arena user fees. No city monies will be used for the purchase of this equipment.”
East Bethel is expected to place its order as soon as possible and receive the new Zamboni in six to eight months, just in time for the 2017-2018 season.
The net cost to the city, after selling the current unit and re-directing budgeted 2017 repair costs, will be approximately $44,000.
The expected life of a new electric-powered Zamboni is 20 to 25 years. Fuel costs of electric versus propane are approximately the same over the life of the unit, with battery replacement being the main cost factor of the new unit.
The grant proposal had been discussed at several council meetings this year, in particular how the costs of maintaining the city owned Zamboni would compare to a new unit.
Council Member Ron Koller, at the Aug. 17 council meeting stated that “the engine was just replaced last year, and I can't support buying a new (Zamboni) just because someday in the future it might have to be replaced.”
Davis brought up other issues relating to the current unit, such as “more restrictive air quality standards for indoor ice arenas” and “loss of revenue” if the current unit was out for repair.
As council debated a variety of cost comparisons at the Aug. 17 meeting, Mayor Steve Voss said “for $2,000 a year … the grant would allow the city to own a new Zamboni that is safer for the air quality inside the ice arena.”
The grant program, which provided a record $10 million in available monies this year, was renamed in Metzen's honor after he died in July. Metzen served in the Minnesota Legislature for over 40 years, was at the forefront of creating the Mighty Ducks grant program in 1995 and remained a strong proponent of the statewide program. Originally geared toward supporting the growth of girls ice hockey, the funding has stretched its reach to include many aspects of youth hockey. There were 29 grants approved this year, 15 in 2015 and 10 in 2014.
If Gabe DeVoe continues his development from college, he might just stick around a while.
After averaging 2.3 points per game as a freshman, that scoring average increased to 5.3 as sophomore and then 7.1 as a junior. His senior season saw DeVoe catch fire as he averaged 14.2 points per game.
This past season, DeVoe made a career-best 86 3-pointers which is ranked seventh all-time in program history. He finished with 169 for his career, which places him eighth all-time. He finished his career with a career-high 31 points against Kansas in the NCAA Sweet 16.
Now, DeVoe has taken his skill set to Charlotte which is less than an hour from his hometown of Shelby, North Carolina. The former All-ACC selection is competing in the Charlotte Hornets mini-camp where he hopes to find a spot on the team's summer league roster.
© 2018 WLTX
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Jones finished in 17.58 seconds.
Earlier, Mt. Juliet Christian junior Darius Hylick finished second in the shot put with a throw of 48-7. His Saints football teammate, Logan Collier, was third in the long jump with a leap of 20-10.25..
A day earlier, Lebanon's Special Olympics team took advantage of the newly-created Unified Track Invitational. Here are the Blue Devils' results:
Long jump relay — 1. Breeze Copas, 18-7.5; 4. Sean Raines, 14-4.5. Team rankings: 1. Lebanon, 33-0, 10 points
Shot put relay—2. Wyatt Simmons, 33-5; 13. Hailey Barrett, 16-8. 4. Lebanon, 50-1, 5
100-meter relay—1. Breeze Copas, :12.08; 8. Joe Browne, :14.18. 1. Lebanon, :26.26, 10
4-by-100 relay—1. Lebanon (Sean Raines, Breeze Copas, Joe Browne, Wyatt Simmons), :50.77
200-meter relay—2. Wyatt Simmons, :25.55; 6. Jacob Tucker, :28.64. 1. Lebanon, :54.19, 10
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
He was indicted last September on false statement and obstruction of justice charges.
Heilbron has already pleaded guilty to a health care fraud charge in exchange for a two-year prison sentence.
He will remain in federal custody pending sentencing hearings, which have not been scheduled.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Personally, I love it. I can't believe it's from his 15th studio album. Dang that's a lot of music making.
Side note – If you're a big fan of animal rights you probably LOVE Moby or at least should love him. The man has been a big advocate for animal rights for years. He even named on of his albums in the mid 90's Animal Rights. He recently donated $250,000 to a wide range of animal rights organizations.
Moby's new album EVERYTHING WAS BEAUTIFUL, AND NOTHING HURT comes out March 2nd.
Photo by Mikey Williams/ Top Rank
Over the past couple of days news has spread that former four-weight titleholder Nonito Donaire may resurface in the second season of the World Boxing Super Series at bantamweight.
The thought of testing himself against Japanese star Naoya Inoue, as well as 118-pound titleholders Emanuel Rodriguez (IBF), Ryan Burnett (WBA) and Zolani Tete (WBO) has the veteran Filipino extremely excited.
“I'll jump at that opportunity,” Donaire told THE RING. “It'll be amazing, I'd love to be involved. I've always been the type of fighter to test himself. The tournament has the best champions and best fighters coming in. The four guys they already have, it's mouthwatering for fighters like me. It's like ‘Wow, this is what boxing is all about.'
“This is what fighters are made of, to fight the best out there, and they have them all in one place.”
Interestingly, Donaire (38-5, 24 knockouts) hasn't fought at bantamweight since he widely outpointed Omar Narvaez in October 2011. However, the 35-year-old boxer-puncher doesn't believe going down in weight will be an issue.
“I've always been a smaller guy, I walk around a bit over 128,” Donaire said. “It's never been a problem to make weight and I'm naturally very skinny. I'm very excited to go back where I'm comfortable, where I'm like everyone else.”
The only major sanctioning body title that isn't currently involved in the bantamweight tournament is the WBC. Nordine Oubaali and Petch Sor Chitpattana will contest that belt in France on June 23.
Donaire believes that the winner would also be the perfect fight for him.
“I know that Richard [Schaefer] has another fighter who's fighting for the WBC title,” he said. “Perhaps we might fight in his first defense. It'll be fun, that's for sure.
“We're just waiting [for things to play out]. I'm going to make the most of it until I can no longer do it. I don't want to take my time for granted. I'm going to enjoy every moment and give it all I've got.”
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson at [email protected] and you can follow him on Twitter @AnsonWainwright
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18KsT
— After weeks of fighting and thousands of signatures on an online petition, Elnoe High School on Wednesday night recognized Rachel Rosoff, a senior who died in a Labor Day pool accident last year.
The Rosoff family was happy for their daughter's friends as they grieved her absence, but mother Michelle Rosoff said she was not pleased with how the school remembered Rachel Rosoff.
The pomp and circumstance at the graduation for Enloe High School is a new beginning for hundreds of students. It was also supposed to bring closure for Rosoff's family.
“I felt like it was something that was done because it was forced to do,” Michelle Rosoff said.
Michelle Rosoff fought for weeks for the school to recognize her daughter during the graduation ceremony. School leaders eventually agreed on holding a moment of silence, but Michelle Rosoff said it wasn't a proper tribute to her daughter.
“The moment of silence, it was maybe seven seconds. I mean, my daughter at least deserved a minute,” she said.
Rachael Rosoff was a lifeguard who died in September when she dipped her hand into a pool with faulty ground wiring, received an electrical shock and drowned.
Despite the Rosoff family's frustration, Rachel Rosoff's fellow students and parents are grateful the school did acknowledge her membership in the class of 2017.
“She helped out with the 4H program, she helped out with homeless people, hunger issues. She helped all around our school,” said student Tykevia Danzy.
“It's got to bring some comfort to the family and that's all they were looking for was some comfort,” said parent Tom Laskowski.
Rosoff said she fells comforted knowing how many people loved and admired her daughter.
“People have gone to great lengths to do these things like the bench and this and that and then the night of graduation, it's like gone and forgotten,” Michelle Rosoff said. “She's not that easily forgettable. It just hurts.”
Before Wednesday night's graduation, the Rosoff family attended a time capsule burial with many of their daughter's friends and visited a garden that was planted on school grounds in her memory.
What you have to do today may not be what you want to do but if you approach it in the right frame of mind it can still be fun. It can also be used as a springboard to earning more money, if that's what's important to you.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C37) has launched into space 88 satellites from earth imaging company Planet Labs, giving the startup the ability to "image all of Earth's landmass every day.”
Planet Labs earlier this month entered into an agreement to acquire Google's Terra Bella business, including the SkySat constellation of satellites, and said that Google upon closing, will enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet.
The startup expects its data to be useful for a variety of applications such as measuring agricultural yields, monitoring natural resources, or aiding first responders after natural disasters.
The launch of the PSLV-37 on Wednesday morning local time was a record for India's space program as it carried 104 satellites into orbit, the largest number so far on a single launch. Launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in south India, the PSLV-C37 launched its primary payload, the 714 kilograms Cartosat-2 series satellite for earth observation, and 103 co-passenger satellites that weighed about 663 kg at lift-off into a 505 kilometer polar Sun Synchronous Orbit.
A Sun Synchronous Orbit ensures that a satellite passes over a section of the planet's surface at the same local time each day.
Planet Lab's Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer Robbie Schingler said that as a result of the PSLV launch, the company now has 144 satellites in orbit.
Besides miniaturizing its Dove satellites and learning to build them at scale, the company has “constructed the world's second largest private network of ground stations; custom built an automated mission control system; created a massive data pipeline able to process the vast amount of imagery we collect; and developed a software platform that lets customers, researchers, governments and NGOs access imagery quickly,” Schingler wrote in a post soon after the launch.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said Wednesday that besides the Cartosat-2 series satellite, the PSLV-37 carried 101 co-passenger satellites, consisting of smaller nano-satellites, including one each from Kazakhstan, Israel, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates and 96 from the U.S., besides two nano-satellites from ISRO.
The ISRO nano-satellites are modular units weighing less than 10 kg and with payloads of up to 5 kg. They are designed to travel into orbit as co-passenger satellites to accompany larger satellites on PSLV. Besides satellites from Planet, the PSLV also launched eight satellites from remote tracking company Spire.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Republicans are trying to roll back the ability of cities and towns to protect their future retirees.
The annual Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular airs tonight via NBC from 8 – 10 p.m. ET/PT, but perhaps you cannot get to a television. If this is the case, below are instructions on how to watch Macy's fireworks online or with an app on your mobile or streaming device. All options are available for users in the U.S. only. If you do not have cable or can't get to a television, you can watch NBC live via your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV: In addition to Hulu's extensive Netflix-like streaming library, Hulu now also offers a bundle of live TV channels, including the NBC network (live in most markets). You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of NBC on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
If you can't watch the fireworks live, there are encore presentations airing immediately after the show. “Hulu with Live TV” also comes with both its extensive on-demand library (which has many shows available after they air) and 50 hours of Cloud DVR storage (with the ability to upgrade to “Enhanced Cloud DVR,” which gives you 200 hours of DVR space and the ability to fast forward through commercials).
FuboTV: The NBC channel (live in most markets) is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch NBC live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
FuboTV also comes with 30 hours of Cloud DVR (with the ability to upgrade to 500 hours), as well as a “72-Hour Lookback” feature, which allows you to watch most events or shows up to three days after they air even if you forgot to record them.
Sling TV: NBC (live in select markets) is included in the “Sling Blue” channel package for Sling TV. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch on your computer via the Sling website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app. If you can't watch live, you can get 50 hours of cloud DVR storage as an additional add-on.
According to NY Curbed, another way to watch the fireworks display online is via NYC & Company, who is live streaming the show on its Facebook page, starting at 9:20 p.m. ET. The actual fireworks start to go off around 9:25 p.m. ET. The official show begins at 8 p.m. ET and will feature performances from artists including Kelly Clarkson, Blake Shelton, Keith Urban, American Authors, and Ricky Martin. In addition, members of the West Point Band and Glee Club will also perform “The Stars and Stripes Forever” and “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila are hosting the event and most know them from American Ninja Warrior. This is the 42nd annual show for Macy's big 4th of July fireworks event.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. He recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as he stood on a bench under a tree to rally his troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce his name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating his work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform his basic duties? What do we do when he is incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe he would have read it out if he'd had his druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when he decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when he decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when he wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When he acted in that way, he was operating according to his instinct. And his instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, he will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Citic to take writedown of up to $1bn on Australian mine
In light of her disastrous New Year' Eve performance a few days ago, video has resurfaced of an earlier Mariah performance, this time that showcases her vocals front and center.
This video, taken from the tree lighting ceremony at Rockefeller Plaza in 2014 removes the background vocals and music and isolated Mariah's performance solely, and the results leave much to be desired. It seems that years of belting out those high notes have left Mariah's voice relatively frail and weak. She just can't hit those whistle register notes anymore.
Is it time for Mariah to refocus her vocal career into something that better suits her range, or does she just need some rest?
Via Us Weekly
Both the Irish men's and women's national Australian Rules Football teams are three victories from three outings at the 2017 AFL International Cup currently being played in the state of Victoria, Australia. This is the sixth AFL International Cup, a tournament for all Aussie Rules playing nations outside of Australia, with this edition seeing 18 men's teams and 8 women's teams competing from all over the globe.
The women's team, the Alfa Irish Banshees who won the 2011 tournament and were runners-up to Canada in the last edition in 2014 have been impressive to date with wins over USA Freedom, the European Crusaders and Papua New Guinea Flames. These wins mean they top their pool and now play Great Britain Swans in Tuesday's semi-finals in Royal Park, Melbourne. If they can overcome the British they will then play their Grand Final in the Etihad Stadium in Melbourne on Saturday afternoon prior to the Carlton v Hawthorn men's AFL game that could also feature several Irish players including Derry native Conor Glass.
The Banshees have been impressive in their games to date with a mixture of Irish and Australian based players taking to the ovals. In their ranks is the only non-Australian woman playing in the women's AFL league, Laura Duryea (née Corrigan) originally from Cavan. Laura wears the late Jim Stynes number 11 for Melbourne Demons and has been impressive in defence to date. Former county Down ladies Gaelic footballer Clara Fitzpatrick has also played an important role in the ruck and she could join Duryea in the women's AFL next season.
The Irish Warriors, the men's national team have also been impressive to date. After a hard fought opening day victory over tournament favourites Papua New Guinea, they then recorded wins over France and old rival Great Britain to set up a tilt at the Grand Final to be played in the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground next Saturday prior to the Geelong v Collingwood men's AFL game.
On Tuesday they need to beat New Zealand Hawks who are also three wins from three, to guarantee a Grand Final for the third consecutive International Cup. Notable performers for the Warriors so far include former AFL listed Padraig Lucey who spent two seasons with Geelong Cats. A fellow Kerryman, Michael Finn who is acknowledged as one of the best club footballers in Australia, has been influential, especially in defeating the Great Britain Bulldogs on Saturday. Eligibility rules mean no current AFL listed Irish men can play in the competition.
Keep up to date on the team's progress on the Australian Rules Football League of Ireland website www.arfli.com and the tournament website http://www.afl.com.au/internationalcup, where all upcoming Irish Banshees and Warriors games will be streamed live.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County moved back into the Sky Bet Championship play-off places tonight with a 3-1 win over Cardiff City.
That victory moved the Rams back above Millwall and into sixth, with two games remaining, while Cardiff are now just a point clear of third-placed Fulham in the race for the automatic promotion.
Callum Patterson gave the visitors a first-half lead, before Cameron Jerome drew Derby level in the second half.
Substitute Matej Vydra then made it 2-1, before Jerome added his second of the night to wrap up all three points.
Derby Telegraph chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park tonight to give his player ratings.
timeline Derby County player ratings v Cardiff City Scott Carson - 6 Beaten by Paterson's volley Richard Keogh - 7 Sheer determination and desire to drag Derby back into the game Curtis Davies - 7 Strong performance against tough opponents Craig Forsyth - 6 Struggled first halves, looked nervous but improved second half Andre Wisdom - 7 Powerful display and his persitence set up Vydra's goal Tom Huddlestone - 7 Much better from him than we saw on Saturday Bradley Johnson - 7 Battling performance and credit to him given it was his second game in four days after being out injured Marcus Olsson - 5 Did not really offer a great deal at wing back for a second game Andreas Weimann - 7 Brought in for Vydra and was lively Tom Lawrence - 7 Worked tirelessly and his form in recent weeks has been good Cameron Jerome - 8 He needed a big performance and delivered one with a strong second half and two goals
SUBS
Matej Vydra (for Olsson, 60) - 7
Left out but came on to put Derby 2-1 up with a thumping finish
Jamie Hanson (for Lawrence, 88) N/A
Alex Pearce (for Weimann, 88) N/A
Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Zack Greinke throws against the Houston Astros during the first inning of an interleague baseball game, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Phoenix. Matt York AP Photo
Agnyaathavaasi
Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan's Agnyaathavaasi hit the screens during Sankranthi and opened to a good response at the box office despite receiving unflattering reviews from all corners. The negative WOM soon caught up with the film and it ultimately proved to be a disappointment for all concerned. Agnyaathavaasi also had Keerthy Suresh and Aadhi in the lead.
Touch Chesi Chudu
The year started on a bad note for Ravi Teja when his Touch Chesi Chudu opened to a poor response at the box office and failed to impress the critics. Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, it ended with a final distributor's share of Rs 9 Crore and proved to be a disaster. Touch Chesi Chudu also featured Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead.
Naa Peru Surya
Featuring Tollywood's 'Stylish Star' Allu Arjun in the lead, Naa Peru Surya was one of the biggest releases of the year and hit the screens on May 4, 2018. Unfortunately, it underperformed at the box office and its distributors suffered losses.
Nela Ticket
The second Ravi Teja starrer to feature on the list, Nela Ticket hit the theatres on May 25, 2018 and proved to be a box office dud. It ended with a distributor's share of around Rs 9.5 Crore and received negative reviews.
Officer
Officer marked Nagarjuna's first film with Ram Gopal Varma in over two decades and hit the screens on June 1, 2018. Featuring the veteran actor in the role of a cop, it sank without a trace and failed to impress the movie buffs.
Superheroes deserve a place in pop culture
Given the flurry of superhero films and the absolute deluge of similar content in all other forms of media in recent years, it has become popular to hate the genre of entertainment. The oversaturation of caped crusaders these days is undeniable, but there is a good reason for it; people want more, and studios are happy to deliver. Those who dismiss superheroes deny their place in society, a modern mythos created for modern people that address issues relevant to people today. They embody an impossible, ideal standard which we can try to achieve, and yet still become better even as we fail to do so.
Comic books were on a serious decline before the Spider-man films that starred Tobey Maguire made being a fan of web-slinging antics mainstream again. Now the industry has seen a serious resurgence, and the innumerable hobby shops around the country that specialized in selling comic books need not fear that a waning audience is the cause of their business' closure.
In years past, comic books sought to strengthen the bonds of community, encouraging patriotism with comics like Captain America, who fought against Nazis bravely issue after issue. The stars of many comics, superheroes were larger than life, and though often powerful beyond imagining, sought to teach that might alone do not make right.
Supremacy through violence and aggression is the antithesis of a true superhero, who often would do only what they thought was necessary to prevent disasters and the carnage inflicted by that issue's foil. One well-known comic that is a great example of these points are the stories that were printed in a crossover between the DC superheroes Green Arrow and Green Lantern.
The issues addressed topics like addiction, racism, and poverty in ways that highlighted how those that suffer are still people, regardless of how they might be perceived by others.
Superman is often referred to as a “Boy Scout” by Batman, because of the way their methods of fighting crime differ. Batman also has morals, however, and although some authors have chosen to have Batman cross the line of his established ethics, he is still known as a hero that will not kill his adversaries regardless of how depraved their crimes may be. This sort of figure is just as necessary now as he has ever been when discussions of whether laws can be enforced with fewer cases of fatal incidents are ongoing around the nation. They show us that we can be better than we are; they are characters we can imagine and are thus role models that we can compare ourselves to in our daily lives. Strive to be more like a favorite hero in life, and see just how much better the world can be by our presence.
A prominent American think tank today announced a fellows exchange programme aimed at enabling India and the US to better harness technology to improve the lives of their citizens.
Funded by the Ford Foundation, the programme by New America will bring fellows from India to the United States, and fellows from the United States to India, in order to devise novel technology-based solutions to policy challenges.
“The aim of this program is to enable both countries to better harness technology to improve the lives of their citizens, and to improve and strengthen the bilateral relationship between India and the United States,” a media release said today.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Russia's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Attacks on cities are assaults on urbanity itself
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team Pause
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
0:13 Police remove unruly Famous Idaho Potato Bowl fan
2:55 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 1
By Mike Donoghue
A Hinesburg woman, who is charged by federal authorities with distributing heroin and cocaine, is back behind bars after violating the conditions of release by testing positive for drugs, court records show.
Brandy LaRock, 33, of Hillview Terrace is due to appear before a judge in U.S. District Court on Thursday to argue that she should be given another chance to go free while awaiting trial.
She has pleaded not guilty to charges of possession with intent to distribute heroin and cocaine and with conspiracy to distribute both drugs. LaRock was jailed for about a month after her arrest, but later allowed to go to Valley Vista, a drug treatment center.
The Vermont Drug Task Force arrested LaRock five months ago after she had made three drug sales to an undercover informant at or near her home between Jan. 22 and Feb. 23, court records show.
LaRock was arrested during a motor vehicle stop about 9:30 a.m. March 2 and admitted that she provided housing to drug dealers from New York City and they distributed drugs from there, court records show.
She told police that one of the dealers, Deshawn “Biggie” Livingston, 42, of New York City, was at her home and he was arrested following surveillance, police said.
“LaRock advised that ‘Biggie' had given her some of the heroin that morning, which she had used prior to driving her children to daycare,” an undercover officer said in court papers. “LaRock acknowledged that she was a regular user of heroin and is also in a methadone program.”
Another undercover officer reported LaRock had “recently overdosed and was revived by Narcan.”
Police found 50 bags of heroin at LaRock's residence when they conducted a court-ordered search.
Police said they spotted Livingston walking out of LaRock's home carting two orange Kinney Drug plastic shopping bags and two Shop ‘n Save plastic shopping bags. They found 16 grams of heroin and 59 grams of cocaine in the plastic bags and another two grams of crack cocaine in his right front pants pocket, court records show.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Wendy Fuller, during a brief hearing last week, noted this was not the first time LaRock had violated the terms of her pre-trial release. She said the court allowed her to remain free earlier this summer, but this time the judge needed to send a message.
Defense lawyer Tom Sherrer asked to continue the hearing until Thursday and Chief Federal Judge Christina Reiss agreed.
Livingston's lawyer has filed a motion to suppress physical evidence and the statements he made when arrested.
Magistrate Judge John M. Conroy ordered Livingston held without bail.
The government maintained his criminal record showed a “a long history of drug offenses. It also includes convictions for probation violations and parole revocations,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Ophardt said in court papers. Ophardt said Livingston also uses multiple aliases, dates of birth and Social Security numbers.
DEAR AMY: My husband and I are expecting our first baby. We would prefer to avoid all hyper-gendered baby trappings.
For us, this goes beyond the usual pink and blue, as we've seen baby clothing with incredibly sexist language — e.g. “Born to shop” or “Future trophy wife” for girls, and “Lock up your daughters” for boys.
Our goal is to minimize sexism in our parenting — e.g. to talk to boys about their feelings, and tell girls they are smart and capable. How can we best communicate this to our families?
So far, we've feigned ignorance of our baby's sex, which we know from genetic testing. We'll soon have the mid-pregnancy ultrasound where sex is usually discovered. Also, we could slip up and accidentally use a gendered pronoun.
Would it be best to simply let everyone know our preference for gender-neutral items? Could we tell them we're keeping the sex a secret for now, and why? Or would it be best to just tell the sex, try our best to say thank you for all gifts (no matter how awful) and quietly discard or donate the ones we find to be overly gendered?
How should we handle any sexism issues that may arise later — e.g. if grandma tends to tell a girl that she looks pretty, but never asks about her interests or hobbies? While it will be easy to toss sexist gifts, it will be much harder to ignore sexist treatment of our children.
Modern Parents
DEAR MODERN PARENTS: As a society, we are currently in the process of rethinking the binary understanding of gender. And so your baby may be assigned a sex at birth, but may develop anywhere along a gender spectrum.
When people ask you the baby's gender, you can say, quite truthfully, “… We'll see!” If people want some direction regarding gifts, you could say, “We're painting the room yellow. Anything with animals on it might be fun.”
I applaud your desire to keep your unborn child's sex, private. I loathe those “gender-reveal” videos that couples post on social media, showing their unborn child's sex in a variety of “cute” ways.
In the grand tick-tock leading up to a baby's birth, it is both natural and wise to talk about these important issues, but I hope you will also absorb this basic truism: Life might be perfect, if it weren't for other people.
You could create a completely non-sexist household, and your young child might introduce gender-norms into your lives, anyway. Sometimes boys really do prefer trucks to dolls. Many a 4-year-old girl has busted her feminist mother's assumptions through energetic princess-play. Old-fashioned grandmothers will always tell their little granddaughters that they are pretty, and granddads might tell their grandsons to “buck up.” Your primary role in your child's life is to explain the world. And sometimes the best explanation is, “It's complicated.”
DEAR AMY: Each month I volunteer to help a group devoted to families who adopt and foster children.
At the last gathering, a same-sex couple attended with their adoptive children.
I disagree with this arrangement. I realize my discomfort is old-fashioned and not a very popular opinion these days.
I have nothing against this couple, and respect their decision to take these kids into their lives. In this country, everyone is free to their own opinions and lifestyle choices.
Am I just being a homophobic jerk, or is it OK to disagree with something that I do not understand?
Trending but not Trendy
DEAR TRENDING: Homophobia is the “irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuals.” This seems to apply to you.
You don't say what offends you so much about two adults adopting children who would otherwise stay in the foster care system — in fact, you say you respect them. So, you merely disagree with these people for basically existing in the world, and entering the same space you occupy.
Yes, you are free to hold your opinions about others, and to live your (presumably heterosexual) lifestyle. This couple may also be judging you harshly. If you want to assuage your discomfort, you should make an effort to get to know them.
Want Ask Amy delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays?
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
DEAR AMY: “Campster” expressed his concern about taking his newly sober friend on their annual camping trip, where they would be with others who were refusing to abstain from drinking. Thank you for noting how tender his sobriety is.
You should have suggested that the two of them go by themselves on a no-alcohol camping trip.
Sober
DEAR SOBER: Absolutely. Thank you.
You can contact Amy Dickinson via email: askamy@amydickinson.com. Readers may send postal mail to Ask Amy, P.O. Box 194, Freeville, NY 13068. You can also follow her on Twitter @askingamy or “like” her on Facebook.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Ashmore reports net inflows for the first time since 2014
The agency responsible for promoting Las Vegas says 311,000 people are expected to visit the destination during Super Bowl weekend.
Data released Friday by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority show that's an increase of 2,000 visitors compared to last year.
The New England Patriots are the favorite once again in this city's sports books to win the Super Bowl Sunday in Minneapolis.
Sports book operators are predicting this year's game will set new betting records, continuing a trend that saw last year's game take in a record $138.5 million in legal bets.
The tourism agency says the Super Bowl is worth an estimated $410.1 million to Las Vegas.
Ninety-one percent of the destination's nearly 149,000 rooms are expected to be booked for the weekend.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
06/14/17 – 6:01 P.M.
A Fulton County crash killed a Delta woman and injured a Bloomdale woman Wednesday morning. The Courier reports that the crash happened around 7:30 a.m. at Ohio 109 and Fulton County Road D. 31-year-old Jamie Cook of Bloomdale was heading east on Road D and failed to yield at the intersection with Ohio 109. She struck a car driven by 57-year-old Carol Barringer of Delta.
Both women went to the Fulton County Health Center. Barringer was pronounced dead around 8:30 a.m., Cook was treated for non-life threatening injuries.
NEW YORK — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" he asks.
This week, it was confirmed that data analytics company Cambridge Analytica (which aided the Trump campaign) unethically acquired the data of 50 million Facebook users to launch "information warfare" against American voters, targeting posts to them to warp their beliefs. The gut reaction is: Facebook is bad! Or, Trump is bad! Or, Cambridge Analytica is bad! But this isn't just about Facebook, or Donald Trump winning or Hillary Clinton losing, or Vladimir Putin ‘meddling' or a bunch of relatively creepy, amoral guys in the UK bragging that they can use a handful of likes from your Facebook profile to know you better than your lovers.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This is about you. Specifically, how the stuff you post is being used against you. Social media is free because the commodity it is selling isn't the platform, it's you. The business of social media is to harvest and sell information about you, through various means. All social media companies — not just Facebook, but Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Google, Reddit, and a range of other apps and services — work this way. They profit by profiling you, targeting posts to you that will keep you engaged on the platform, and collecting more data to make that targeting more precise, and thus more valuable. The more social media you use, the more overlapping, cross-referenced data you are providing (especially since bigger platforms tend to buy or develop smaller ones, like how Facebook bought Instagram and WhatsApp, so they all connect data sets). And any interested party can gain access to that data relatively easily.
Which is why social media can be so easily exploited by bad actors, foreign or domestic, to target you with psychological attacks that you aren't supposed to understand. And if one social media company is exploited — because data is shared so readily between them — they pretty much all are. Even if you're not on Facebook, this affects you, and you should be outraged at this deception.
It doesn't matter if you don't use your feeds for politics; your feeds are using you for politics.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yes, this sounds pretty paranoid. To explain myself: I have spent the last decade working in countries that were targeted by intense influence campaigns directed by the Kremlin — countries like Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine, and the Baltic States — and have watched how the Kremlin refined and deployed these tactics on social media. I can tell you there's nothing unbelievable in any of this. The systems described by whistleblowers and evidence uncovered in the recent US investigations and indictments follow the same patterns I've seen in other places. These campaigns are never the fault of just one entity, but a fusion of public and private, government and political and corporate assets.
Social media companies have tried to minimize how invasive their data harvesting is by saying it's just a form of advertising that isn't really that sophisticated. You know, like when pictures of that chair you looked at once on Wayfair stalk you across the internet by tracking your cookies. But political persuasion and psychological manipulation aren't being done with ads and cookies. Third-party companies get your data from social media — sometimes from another app or service you signed up for, and sometimes by buying it, but rarely in a way that is very transparent for users. Data analytics firms then use that data to figure out what kind of messages you will be susceptible to. Then a network of fake profiles, communities, and narratives are set up online to appeal to a your specific profile, aiming, over time, to manipulate your perception, impact how you make decisions, and ultimately change your behavior. The resulting posts that show up in your feed are made to look like posts from other users similar to you. They target you, down to the individual level.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Christopher Wylie, who built the profiling/targeting system for Cambridge Analytica, the company that targeted Facebook users during the US elections, says they turned Facebook into “a theater of war.” They were using “military-grade information weapons” to target Americans. Basically: it doesn't matter if you don't use your feeds for politics; your feeds are using you for politics.
It's sometimes hard to believe that your online life actually has consequences in real life. But it does, likely a lot more than you know. Millennials and Gen Z (people born from 1980 til now-ish) tend to lay their whole lives out online, and Instagram and Facebook and Tinder are amazingly efficient and sometimes sexy ways to communicate and form relationships. But in the world of data, once you post something, you can't take it back. Even if you delete a scandalous photo or undo a like, it might be gone from your visible profile but it's part of your data profile forever. You may not really care if what you click means that Wayfair chair shows up in for feed for the next six months, but do you really want the swipes you make on a hook-up app being used to form your voter profile, or determine if you get a job or a line of credit? This is what data analytics firms now help companies and governments do.
Hoovering up information to rank and score you using algorithms you can't see or understand is fundamentally un-American.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What makes what Cambridge Analytica did with Facebook data so outrageous is that their ability to target you wasn't just shaped by your choices, but by those of your friends, or people that you don't even know. So-called "big data" lumps you into categories with other people who have similar data points. The actions of big data — Hoovering up information to rank and score you using algorithms you can't see or understand — are fundamentally un-American.
Tech companies need to be more transparent about how they collect data and who they allow accessing it; burying this in pages of rules you accept when you set up a social media account is no longer acceptable. Social media companies also can tell when actors are running psychological operations on their platforms, and should be required to expose these abusers. And American lawmakers are far behind their European counterparts in providing greater data and privacy protections for individuals — laws that tech companies have lobbied hard against in the United States.
Until larger policy changes are made, there are some ways you can make smarter data choices. Never take quizzes or surveys; those are just about data access and collection. Don't click on recommended pages or profiles; these come from algorithms, and feedback into them. Don't link data profiles — don't use your Facebook login, for example, to log in to other apps or services; when you do, you are giving those secondary providers access to everything in your Facebook profile. Keep in mind that apps running in the background on your phone are still collecting data.
Then, be aware of coercive and deceptive posts meant to warp your perspective. These photos, videos, and articles — made to look like sources you trust — usually have one of three goals: to harden your mindset (aka, confirmation bias); to break down your clarity or will; or to "activate" you by provoking an emotional response. Always ask if what you are reading is true, but also what the purpose of it is.
For now, get pissed off about it, and demand better from Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and everywhere you post. Remember, you are their business, which means you have the power to make them change.
Molly K. McKew is an expert on information warfare and the narrative architect at New Media Frontier. She advised the Georgian President from 2009-13, and former Moldovan Prime Minister Vlad Filat in 2014-15.
Among the main concerns Tuesday night at a public hearing on social marijuana use at Denver businesses were dual consumption of pot and alcohol, cannabis odors, visibility and protecting children from exposure to the drug.
The hearing at the Wellington E. Webb Municipal Office Building before Ashley Kilroy, Denver's executive director of marijuana policy, drew more than 100 people with dozens of speakers.
For the most part, lines were drawn with Denver residents supporting current proposals for rules and regulations, which have not yet been adopted, and marijuana business entrepreneurs saying that the proposed rules and regulations are overbearing.
Sherri Way, president of the West Washington Park Neighborhood Association, said the group board voted 11-0 recently to support current proposed regulations. Still, she voiced concerns about potential visibility of smokers on outdoor patios and asked for vigilance of outdoor buffers and residential zones.
Gertie Grant, a West Washington Park longtime resident, said she walks near a marijuana grow operation and often smells strong odors from the business. She described it as a “skunk smell.”
“Please don't let Denver become more of a skunk city,” Grant implored, asking for strong odor regulations.
Emmett Reistroffer, campaign director for Initiative 300 and a member of the city's Social Consumption Advisory Committee, said “99 percent” of business people who were interested in applying for a social consumption license are “no longer interested” because the proposed rules are too restrictive.
“When I read the rules today, we can't even get off the ground,” Reistroffer said.
Entrepreneurs will not spend thousands of dollars on clean-air systems, walled patios and security measures, among other potential expenses, when the potential for profit is questionable: “For what, to sell a cup of coffee?” Reistroffer asked.
Under proposed regulations, social consumption businesses will not be allowed to sell marijuana. Instead, patrons will bring their own.
Among a long list of proposed rules, designated consumption areas can't be within 1,000 feet of child care businesses, drug and alcohol facilities or city-owned recreation areas and pools.
Such zoning will force social consumption businesses to the edge of the city in mostly industrial areas, opponents of the rules argued.
An ordinance already exists keeping such potential businesses 1,000 feet away from schools.
In November 2016, Denver voters approved Initiative 300, granting businesses the ability to apply for a permit to allow for adult marijuana consumption in designated areas.
Applications are now available, through the Denver Excise & Licenses office. But they'll not be accepted and permits will not be issued until final rules and regulations are adopted. Final adoption could come this month, with permits being granted in July.
Among a long string of proposed application requirements are:
National criminal background checks for on-site employees.
Compliance with the Colorado Clean Indoor Air Act.
Evidence of community support, including restrictions on advertising and operational requirements.
A security plan to control and monitor potential criminal activity on the premises.
The initiative, which was passed by 53.7 percent of 168,995 voters, calls for a four-year pilot program allowing some businesses, including cafes and yoga studios, to seek permits.
“We're still fighting to overcome stigma that is rooted in a history of prohibition, and now it appears the city is trying to keep consumers hidden and as far away from the mainstream as possible,” Reistroffer said.
An approved permit will be non-transferable and not valid for “any other location,” according to proposed regulations. The permit will also be considered a “revocable privilege.”
No permit would be granted to any business that serves alcohol.
After the November election, state licensing officials announced rules, effective Jan. 1, that banned marijuana consumption on a premise with a liquor license. In addition, already-licensed marijuana businesses, including dispensaries, cannot allow consumption on premises under state law.
“We have seen an overwhelming show of support for this initiative among Denver residents,” said Kayvan Khalatbari, an opponent of proposed rules. “While we are eager to finally see the program go into effect, we are concerned that not nearly as many businesses can participate as our campaign intended, as a result of new restrictions proposed by the city.”
This story was first published on DenverPost.com
Predictions for Sunday's Cowboys-Rams game from The Dallas Morning News' panel of experts:
Tim Cowlishaw
The first team ever to eliminate the Cowboys from the playoffs has -- roughly 50 years later -- become the team that always eliminates the Cowboys from the playoffs. Hard to seek revenge in the regular season and right now Green Bay offense riding higher and Packer defense not as inexperienced as Cowboys. Packers, 30-23
Brandon George
This will be a second consecutive week that a team has had 10 days off before playing the Cowboys. It didn't go well for the Cowboys last Sunday under that scenario in a home loss to the Rams. The Packers have a chance to get four starters back who missed their last game. This will be the fifth time these teams have met since January 2015. The Packers are 6-1 against the Cowboys since 2009. They've eliminated the Cowboys the last two times they've made the playoffs, including when Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers basically played on one leg to end Dallas' 2014 season. Rodgers prevails again, as Dak Prescott loses back-to-back regular-season games for the first time. Packers, 34-30.
Kate Hairopoulos
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers is 5-2 as a starter against the Cowboys. In those contests, he's passed for 12 touchdowns and two interceptions and has a QB rating of 101.4. You can dig as deep as you want into the matchup, but what reason is there to think anything is going to change Sunday afternoon? Dallas linebacker Sean Lee (hamstring) hasn't practiced this week. The defense does get help in other players returning from injury and suspension. But Rodgers will make enough plays to keep the Cowboys from getting the panacea they need before the bye week. Packers, 35-31.
According, the reason racists are mad is because Black men are taking all their women. The producer and media executive took to social media over the weekend to share his theory.
“F*ck it. Let's talk about it,” he started. “This is what they hate right night. With a passion. Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner's daughter. Arguably the hottest chick on the planet!! Dated Tyga!! Now dating Travis Scott. 2 Rap N*ggas! I think when Trump says. Let's make america great again. I think the's saying Let's Get Our Women Back!! Cause the Hip Hop Culture has f*cked up the whole word.”
That's right, the reason racists are marching through the streets is because rappers are taking their women. Mind you, Irv made this post in light of the White supremacist violence in Charlottesville this weekend. Let's continue.
Irv went on to praise Kris Jenner and her daughter Kylie Jenner as a pioneer of White women dating Black men. That's right, she's breaking new grounds! “I applaud Kris Jenner for what she has done and created. But let's talk honest. They are changing the minds of young White girls across america. Across the world. Kylie being the epitome. She transformed herself into the hottest chick in the game. And she f*cks with rappers. What you think a lil White girl is thinking that's 15 years old. That idolizes Kylie. She wants to get a face and body like Kylie. To attract a N*GGA!! This is what is driving those old racist men.”
There you have it. Caitlyn and Kris Jenner's daughter are driving racist terror. They were the tipping point. You can read all of Irv's thesis below.
From the desk of #IrvGotti A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Aug 13, 2017 at 8:54am PDT
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
This story is about Published 3h
Catching up with local Olympic gold medalist Katie Meili, from 2020 plans to what nobody knows about her Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Katie Meili of the USA reacts as she looks back to the scoreboard after swimming to a bronze medal in the women's 100m breaststroke final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Jori Epstein , Staff writer Contact Jori Epstein on Twitter: @JoriEpstein
Colleyville native Katie Meili made headlines last summer at the Rio Olympics. The Team USA swimmer won bronze in the 100m breaststroke and gold in the 4x100m medley relay team, two of the 45 total medals that Olympians with Texas ties won.
But what has the 26-year-old been up to since? Between her travels, swim training and taking the LSAT twice, it might be easier to ask what the Columbia grad hasn't been up to. We caught up with Meili right after her birthday this week. Here are some highlights from the gold medalist's last eight months: What have you been up to since the Olympics? Right after the Olympics I did the FINA Swimming World Cup so I went to six meets all over the world, in Paris; Berlin; Moscow, Russia; Beijing; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai, UAE. That was a pretty big trip. We got to meet a lot of people all over the world and make friends from other countries. How'd you decide to participate? It's the third year I've done a World Cup circuit. They're much smaller meets [with] no qualifying standards but really good incentives, good prize money. Obviously it was right after the Olympics so a commitment a lot of people didn't want to make because they wanted to relax... but I decided to keep rolling on through. And when you got back? I took a break around the holidays, visited my sister in Scotland. I took the LSAT. I'm preparing for law school in the future. I was back in the water in January getting ready this summer for world championships in Budapest. Back to a normal swimming schedule with a few fun things.
Another Texan medal: Fort Worth Nolan's Katie Meili wins bronze in 100m breaststroke
What does a normal swimming schedule look like for you? We swim nine times a week, have three times a week in the weight room, pilates, abs.
It's about 20-25 hours a week of training in Charlotte then a training trip or something. Almost all of March we were in Chula Vista outside San Diego or various competitions so Switzerland, Indianapolis, and Mesa, Arizona [last weekend]. Switzerland was pretty bad, my first meet after a pretty long break so that should be expected. Indy and Arizona [I was] feeling just as good as last year. Arizona I won the 100 (1:06.37) and 200 breast (2:25.67), was really excited with my times. What do the next few years look like for you? Have your eye on 2020, law school, both? The world championships trial's in June. Every year you have to qualify and same as in Olympic years, you have to get first or second. That's my immediate goal is to make world championships. I haven't decided on 2020. I'm taking it one year at a time, enjoying the moment and keeping my options open.
You were recently named USA Swimming Foundation's 2017 Swim-a-Thon ambassador. What does that chance to work with kids mean to you? I was eight when I started. It's really great because when I was young, there were events I'd get to meet Olympians at or see Olympians and as a young swimmer they were so impactful for me and I remember being so inspired. So to be on the other side is really heartwarming. I've come full circle.
Sherrington: How the Russian doping crisis hurts Fort Worth Nolan grad Katie Meili's chance at gold Monday
Favorite Rio story? My favorite story and whole moment was the day before the meet started. We had a team meeting, talked about how we wanted to start off with a bang on Day 1 with a lot of energy and be really good from the beginning to build our momentum. We talked about our main source of inspiration, talked about how we're getting the opportunity to represent the U.S. and the flag, the military. They're doing the hard stuff so we can do what we love and what's fun. We wouldn't be there if not for them and that hit home for a lot of us because we all realized we're so lucky to get to do what we're doing and it's such a privilege to be in the position we're in. After that meeting we went out in the quad in the village and circled up and started singing "God Bless America." A couple people at the beginning started saying it was cheesy, then we heard other U.S. athletes who weren't swimming from their balconies join in and other teams coming to watch. It was emotional, I was crying. It's one of those cultural moments I'll never forget. Tell us something nobody knows about you Nobody knows...I do the New York Times crossword puzzle every day. Most of the time I can't fully complete it, but I do pretty well! Twitter: @JoriEpstein
Mansfield Town supporters continue to sit and sweat on news of a new ‘star striker' to round off what is an already vastly-improved squad for the season.
But the fact it is taking so long suggests that the type of players Steve Evans is trying to lure to the One Call Stadium are not keen on dropping down to League Two.
At least the deal he began working on last week was only held up by the player's club wanting to get their weekend Championship game out of the way before putting the move to the striker concerned.
We all await news on that this week with high anticipation.
If Evans can pull off a ‘name' striker from a higher division it really would be the cream on the cake.
But, as the manager himself has said, it would be far from the end of the world if it didn't happen.
The glass half-empty section of Stags fans were bemoaning not scoring more against Forest Green on Saturday. But the truth is the game finished 2-0 with one-way traffic from the home side and the two goals they deservedly scored were all they needed to clinch three points.
It was a frustrating first half all-round. But Rovers arrived wanting to make sure they took home at least a point from their first ever away Football League game and their spoiling tactics were a real annoyance but understandable.
The fact is the Stags stayed patient and eventually broke them down with two goals in six minutes- job done.
Not every side will come into games at the One Call as unambitious as Forest Green and you feel that players like Joel Byron, Paul Digby and Jacob Mellis will be able to pass their way through sides who want to go toe to toe and make more of a game of it.
Danny Rose already has two in two, the classy Paul Anderson scored and looks like he can easily make double figures this season while new strikers Lee Angol and Jimmy Spencer have shown some neat touches and I sure will be adding goals to the tally once they have settled in.
Of the three sides who went up automatically last season, only Doncaster Rovers' John Marquis got past the magic 20 mark with his 26 goals in all competitions.
Tommy Rowe added 13, Andy Williams 12 and James Coppinger 10 for the Yorkshire club.
For champions Portsmouth Kal Naismith was top scorer with 15 with 10 for Gary Roberts, nine for Carl Baker and eight for Conor Chaplin.
Plymouth also went up automatically thanks to 15 goals by Graham Carey, 13 from Jake Jervis and seven from Sonny Bradley.
Blackpool, who went up as play-off winners, had only two players in double figures as Kyle Vassell and Brad Potts hit 13 apiece.
I believe Rose, Angol, Spencer and Anderson all have double figures in them his season and Stags also have a midfield that looks well capable of adding to those.
Evans said if he could bring in the player he wants he will score 20 goals plus.
He is also determined to land an attacking midfield player before the transfer deadline who would bring even more goals potential.
Success in both deals and bookies might stop taking bets on promotion.
But, even if both don't come off, Evans knows he has enough already in the building to challenge.
DALLAS, TX - FEBRUARY 13: Yogi Ferrell #11 of the Dallas Mavericks passes the ball against Al Horford #42 of the Boston Celtics and James Young #13 of the Boston Celtics in the second half at American Airlines Center on February 13, 2017 in Dallas, Texas. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images)
Percent chances the following guys are wearing Mavs unis after the deadline -- Bogut, D-Will, Wes Matthews?
Newy Scruggs, sports anchor at NBC5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and radio host weekly from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on NBC Sports Radio Sirius XM 213/202 and NBCSportsRadio.com, answered your questions Tuesday. Here are some highlights:
Scruggs: Bogut 60%; D-Will 65%; Wes Matthews 100%
I'm a big fan of Matthews. He is a good player. He reminds me of Shawn Marion in terms of being they type of championship piece you need to win it all. I hope the Mavericks keep Wes. I'm OK if they trade Bogut and Williams.
With all the talk of mock drafts already -- is the Mavs finding their own 'Dak Prescott' in the rough their best bet to land a superstar?
Scruggs: The higher pick the Mavericks have in the draft the better chance they can land an impact player. The NBA draft is only two rounds. Dak Prescott was drafted in the NFL's fourth round. I won't mind Dallas being in the lottery this year and getting lucky.
Could the Cuban/Trump mini-drama become a distraction to the team? Or just all in good fun?
Scruggs: The Cuban/Trump fued is not in good fun. Cuban doesn't like him.
It's not a distraction because the players don't care if to old rich guys have Twitter beef. Players aren't like fans. Most players can't tell you who General Flynn is, why SNL skits about Sean Spicer are funny or the last three tweets Cuban said about Trump.
Andrew Bogut probably could. He is into that stuff.
What were your impressions of Yogi Ferrell vs. Isaiah Thomas last night? Is Thomas the kind of player Yogi can potentially become?
Scruggs: Yogi Ferrell is not Isaiah Thomas. Thomas is a MVP candidate and I'm not expecting that from Yogi. Not this year or next year.
Dallas isn't looking for him to be their top scoring player. Point guards are asked to do different things and play different ways depending on the club they are on.
The Mavericks want Harrison Barnes or Dirk Nowitzki being their leading scorer each night, not young Yogi.
For the full chat, click here
In the past few months we have been running a series on banks' loan packages for small businesses. We discussed available loan facilities in banks such as First Bank, Stanbic IBTC Bank, Diamond Bank and recently, Skye Bank.
But we shall now have a break from the series and digress into a few thoughts on what type of business outlook the banks favour whenever a loan application is brought to them from small businesses. We shall then return to discussions on the individual bank's loan offers afterwards.
Business Name Registration:
By now you should know that you cannot get a business loan from any bank in your personal name. You have to register a business name, at least, with the Corporate Affairs Commission, CAC. But if you have the money it is better you register a limited liability company for the loan purpose.
Some banks even provide business name registration as part of their support services to their MSME customers who do not have CAC registration. While some banks do it free a few others do it at a minimal cost and within a short period of time.
Business Seminar:
Attend business trainings and seminars to upgrade your knowledge in entrepreneurship. This will come into play when you are preparing to present yourself and your business before a bank for a loan. The loan officer would be interested in your business know-how. The knowledge sessions could be in general entrepreneurship or industry-specific and addresses critical issues in that your area of focus.
Some of these seminars are free while most of them attract a token fee, too minimal compared to the knowledge they impact.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI (CBS Local) – A Michigan family is demanding answers after their five-year-old son claims two teachers repeatedly taped his mouth shut and threw out his lunch at school.
“She put the scotch tape on my mouth,” Abdul Dannaoui said, via WNEM. “They said don't tell your mom or dad, or no one.”
The Highview Elementary School student reportedly told his parents on March 26 that he had been prevented from eating his lunch as many as 10 times by the two educators. The child has not returned to the school since the latest incident.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's his second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” Abdul's mother Hoda Dannaoui told reporters.
The boy's parents have filed a police report over the alleged abuse and are reportedly planning to sue the school district for failing to stop the teachers.
“It's outrageous. It's absurd. You think you send your kid to a place or school, where he would be safe,” attorney Nabih Ayad added. According to the family's lawyer, only one of the two teachers has been removed from Highview Elementary.
The substitute teaching assistant was reported on the same day of the last incident and removed from the school.
“That's not the type of person we want working for us,” Crestwood School District superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg said, via The Detroit News. “This is not our standard of care. This should not have happened.”
Crestwood School District disputed that the five-year-old had been abused by the teachers prior to March 26. VanValkenburg said that the school has “no knowledge of” other times Dannaoui's mouth was taped shut, however Dearborn Heights Police are now investigating the boy's claims.
Dannaoui's mother said her son won't return to the school until the other teacher accused of assaulting Abdul is fired.
One of the most popular couples in town, Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma got hitched in a private ceremony yesterday in the morning.
Ever since 'Virushka' as fans lovingly call them made their wedding announcement on Twitter, there has been a flood of inside pictures and video on social media. We have compiled some of the fresh ones for you. Check them out here...
Candid Moment Anushka Sharma's laugh has set Virat Kohli into thinking mode. Maybe Mr Captain is thinking about 'Shaadi Ke Effects'! A Private Affair Virat and Anushka took vows in a 'hush-hush' ceremony at Borgo Finocchieto in Italy in the attendance of their close family and a few friends. 'Virushka' Just Can't Take Their Eyes Off Each Other That's what you call true love! Virat- Anushka Shared The Good News With Their Fans They took to Twitter and wrote, "Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share this wonderful news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans and well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey." A Fairy-Tale Wedding These two have just given us some wedding goals! What's Next On Their Mind We hear that the couple plans to host a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December. Virat's Droolworthy Looks Here's one more click of the dashing Virat Kohli! We Are Spellbound 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' to not fall in love with this stunning bride!
Meanwhile, this video of Anushka as 'bride' making her way towards the wedding mandap for her 'saat pheras' with Virat is just too beautiful...
Comerica in Dallas reported higher quarterly profits as it reaped the benefit from slashing energy loans and improving efficiency.
The $73 billion-asset company earned $202 million in the first quarter, compared with $60 million a year earlier. Earnings per share were $1.11, beating a consensus estimate of $0.95.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Europe needs a new defence pact — and Britain can lead it
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
PLANO, TX--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc. (TRCH) ("Torchlight" or the "Company"), today announced the closing of $8 million in unsecured 12% promissory notes through a private placement. The promissory notes bear interest at the rate of 12% per annum and mature on April 10, 2020, with interest payable monthly and a lump sum payment of outstanding principal due on maturity. The notes were issued at a purchase price of 94.25% of the principal amount, resulting in net proceeds of $7.54 million. In addition to the 12% cash interest, the notes will earn a common stock PIK at the rate of 2.5% annually.
The proceeds from the notes will be used to redeem the $3.6 million of subordinated notes outstanding and to finance two horizontal wells in the Company's Hazel Project located in the Midland Basin, as well as for general corporate purposes.
"We are pleased to obtain this debt financing which should address our capital needs all the way into 2018," stated John Brda, Torchlight Energy's CEO. "We believe the terms of this debt are favorable to the Company, and will allow us to retire existing debt and add significant production in our Hazel Project through two new horizontal wells."
About Torchlight Energy
Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc. ( NASDAQ : TRCH), based in Plano, Texas, is a high growth oil and gas Exploration and Production (E&P) company with a primary focus on acquisition and development of highly profitable domestic oil fields. The company has assets focused in West and Central Texas where their targets are established plays such as the Permian Basin. For additional information on the Company, please visit www.torchlightenergy.com.
Forward Looking Statement
This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with the Company's ability to obtain additional capital in the future to fund planned expansion, the demand for oil and natural gas, general economic factors, competition in the industry and other factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have become the favourites to sign West Ham's Robert Snodgrass.
The 29-year-old could leave Slaven Bilic's side despite only joining them in January.
And Villa appear his most likely destination according to bookmakers. Sheffield Wednesday, Middlesbrough and Sunderland are also in the hunt for the former Hull City player.
Leeds United are close to signing Pierre-Michel Lasogga.
German news channel N24 is reporting the Whites will take the Hamburg frontman on loan for a year with a view to a permanent switch.
The move could be as a replacement for Chris Wood, who has been linked with a transfer to Burnley.
Nick Blackman could be swapping England for Israel.
The Derby County forward is in talks with Maccabi Tel-Aviv, reports the Jerusalem Post.
Blackman has been told he can leave the Rams on loan by boss Gary Rowett.
"I think Nick is at a point where he needs to play games and the difficult thing at the moment is that I can't guarantee him that opportunity," said Rowett.
Burton Albion are looking to sign Fulham striker Cauley Woodrow on loan for a second time.
The 22-year-old scored five goals while on loan with the Brewers last season.
Sky Sports report the deal is set to be another loan.
(Image: Clive Rose/Getty Images)
Bristol City are interested in Iceland goalkeeper Ogmundur Kristinsson.
The 28-year-old is set to leave Swedish side Hammarby this summer and has been linked with moves to Denmark and Norway, as well as City according to Icelandic website Fotbolti.net.
Kristinsson has 14 international caps to his name.
Middlesbrough have opened talks with Ingolstadt over the transfer of Marcel Tisserand.
The 24-year-old is also a target for St Etienne and Watford.
French newspaper L'Equipe report Boro lead the way for the defender.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
This story is about Published 1h
Reversing this one trend has helped keep the Cowboys' slim playoff chances alive Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Vernon Bryant/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) scrambles as he evades New York Giants defensive tackle Damon Harrison (98) on a run during the first half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Sunday, December 10, 2017. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
By David Moore , Staff Writer Contact David Moore on Twitter: @DavidMooreDMN
FRISCO -- Fortunes can turn quickly in the NFL.
Philadelphia Eagles fans know that all too well today. Injuries and suspensions -- wonder where Ezekiel Elliott is at the moment? -- can impact a team's outlook in the blink of an eye. But a team's fate isn't restricted to what happens in those two categories. Trends can also reverse dramatically.
What Jason Garrett said about DeMarcus Lawrence's profane post-game rant towards officials
And that brings us back to the Cowboys. Remember how opponents pummeled Dallas into submission after halftime during their recent three-game losing streak? The Cowboys have turned that around.
Broad strokes: A Cowboys team that was outscored 72-0 in the second half of those three losses has rebounded for two wins by outscoring Washington and the New York Giants 41-7 in the second half. This begs an explanation. "I think more than anything else it's being able to handle the adversities of the game better,'' head coach Jason Garrett said. "During that stretch, we were at good position at halftime in each of those games and something happened in the second half, or maybe we had some younger players playing and they let one bad thing turn into a number of bad things. We just didn't do a good enough job of putting that last play behind us and just going to the next play. "Teams will make plays in a game; they'll have some success. You've just got to keep playing. I think our guys have done a good job of that the last couple of weeks.'' Now let's put a finer point on this. It's not just a second-half phenomenon.
The Cowboys have outscored opponents 41-7 in the fourth quarter of the last two games. Dak Prescott has completed just six passes in those quarters, but they have resulted in 181 yards and three touchdowns.
"We're feeling ourselves, we're staying with it, we're staying within the game, not getting overwhelmed that we're not doing things well early,'' Prescott said. "But it would be nice to get going early, and that's what we've got to do moving forward, is got the way we're playing in the fourth quarter throughout the whole game.'' Nothing comes easy for these Cowboys, although Sunday's final score of 30-10 indicates otherwise. These last two wins have been a grind, especially early. But the offense is slowly able to find its stride. A defense that has been criticized for not carrying its weight at times this season has stood tall with three interceptions in the second half of the last two games.
How Cowboys exploited Giants' aggressiveness; remaining opponents won't be as accommodating
"We've done this before,'' said linebacker Sean Lee, whose return Sunday against the Giants was a big boost. "We've won tough. We continue to play as the game goes on.
"And you saw that we started making plays in the fourth that really won the game.'' If there was a silver lining to the beat-down the Cowboys endured in losses to Atlanta, Philadelphia and the Los Angeles Chargers -- Garrett is always in search of that lining -- it was that young players like safety Xavier Woods, linebacker Jaylon Smith and cornerbacks Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis gained experience. Players like Rod Smith, unaccustomed to being placed into situations with the game on the line, have been thrust into key roles and responded. "Sure, experience helps,'' Garrett said. "Experienced players and also experience for the younger guys. "But again, it's more about just a focus and just locking in on what you're supposed to do each play and putting the last one behind you. If you score a touchdown or you throw an interception or they make a big play or we make a big sack, somehow, someway you've got to put the last one behind you and get locked in on what you need to do now. "That's always been a big point of emphasis for us.'' True. So why has it taken hold now? This is where the Cowboys must be brutally honest with themselves. It's easier for a player to lock in when he faces inferior talent or compromised opponents. Washington and New York aren't nearly as good or as healthy as the Falcons, Eagles and Chargers. But don't minimize the importance of building confidence. What the Cowboys have done these last two games against teams going nowhere can build momentum for the final three games, which the team must win to keep its slim playoff chances alive. It's a trend the Cowboys must continue. A turn for the better A Cowboys team outscored 72-0 in the second half during a three-game winning streak has rebounded by outscoring opponents 41-7 in the second half of the last two games. Some key numbers for those two games. Category Stat Rushing yards 115 yards, 3 TDs Passing 6 of 8, 181 yards, 3 TDs Third down conversions 6 of 8 Catch David Moore on The Ticket (KTCK-AM 1310 and 96.7 FM) with The Musers at 9:35 a.m. every Monday, Wednesday and Friday and The Hardline at 4:10 p.m. every Tuesday and Friday through the regular season.
Storage Wars is a staple reality series on the A&E network, but not all fans are able to watch the show without cable. Fortunately, Storage Wars is available to watch online via a variety of streaming options. If you do not have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch a live stream of A&E online, on your phone or on another streaming device via one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services. They each cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial, allowing you can watch tonight's show for free:
FuboTV: The A&E network is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package, which costs $19.99 per month for the first two months and $39.99 per month after that. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial right here, and you can watch on your computer via Fubo's website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
DirecTV Now: A&E is included in all four of DirecTV Now's base channel packages, which range from $35 to $70 per month. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can watch on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
Sling TV: The A&E channel is included in the “Sling Orange” and “Sling Blue” channel packages, which cost $20 and $25 per month, respectively. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can watch on your computer via the Sling website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app.
Storage Wars airs re-runs several times a week on A&E, so viewers can watch the show throughout the week. New episodes and specials often air as well. Plus, there are several spin-off shows from the series on the network. A couple of the spin-off shows that are popular include Storage Wars: Northern Treasures and Storage Wars: Texas.
Some of the newer cast members who came on board the show in the last couple of seasons include auctioneer Emily Wears, buyer Kenny Crossley, buyers Shana Dahan with Edwina Registre, buyer Chad Sheets, and buyer Justin Bryant. Dan and Laura Dotson have been auctioneers on the show since the very beginning and continue to appear as main cast members today. Other longtime cast members, who have been a part of the show since season 1, include Darrell Sheets, Jarrod Schulz and Brandi Passante. Schulz and Passante previously had their own spin-off show, titled Brandi & Jarrod: Married to the Job.
Barry Weiss, who was a fan-favorite, walked away from the hit show a couple seasons ago. But, he has been featured on specials and he also had his own spin-off, titled Barry'd Treasure.
So, why did Weiss leave the show? He was retired already when he began his four-season run, but Closer Weekly reported him explaining, “I had a blast. It was fun, but I had enough and I kind of wanted to leave while it was still popular.” And, when it comes to future television possibilities, Weiss said, “I'd like to do like a motorsport show really. I'm really knowledgeable in all types. I'd really like to do that and travel the world, cause that's what I like.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) This season won't get easier for No.13 Butler.
It's a theme coach Chris Holtmann reiterates whenever he has the chance.
On Sunday, Kelan Martin had 15 points and eight rebounds, and Andrew Chrabascz and Avery Woodson each had 11 points to help Butler beat Providence 78-61.
For Butler, the 17-point thumping of the Friars was a solid bounce-back-win, in more ways than one. Last week, the Bulldogs lost their second game of the season,76-73 to St. John's to open Big East play.
During the flight back to Indianapolis following the loss, the Bulldogs' charter flight lost cabin pressure mid-flight and was diverted to Pittsburgh, where the team stayed overnight before taking a bus back to Indianapolis. Woodson said the Bulldogs weren't going to let the scare on the flight home phase them, or interfere with much-needed preparation for Butler's next opponent.
Holtmann and his team talked after the mid-flight-scare. Then, the Bulldogs prepared for Providence.
“(I was) pleased with our ability to perform and respond from the other night,” Holtmann said, referring to the loss and the flight home.
However, win or lose, the outcome of Sunday's game against Providence had nothing to do with the flight home, Holtmann said. Rather, it had everything to do with how the Bulldogs bounced back after a loss. The message was an important one, considering Butler will play three ranked opponents, including No.1 Villanova, over the next 14 days.
“If we didn't learn from (losing) the other night, then shame on us. And that needs to continue to be the case,” Holtmann said.
And it appeared to be a lesson well-learned. The Bulldogs didn't look anything but sharp on Sunday shooting 62 percent from the floor (26 of 42). Kethan Savage added 10 points for Butler (12-2, 1-1) and the Bulldogs' backups outscored the Friars' reserves 29-5.
Butler made 10 of its first 12 field goal attempts during the first 10 minutes of the game.
The Bulldogs made 16 of 22 field goal attempts, shooting 72 percent in the first half. Thirteen of the Bulldogs' 26 field goals were scored off of an assist, and Butler outrebounded Providence 30 to 26.
“Their length and size, that was a major concern for us. But I think we just tried to really move the ball, emphasize ball movement, play in the post and be ready to shoot the ball,” Holtmann said.
Kyron Cartwright scored 26 points and Rodney Bullock added 17 for Providence (10-5, 0-2).
The Friars scored the game's first basket, leading 2-0 for a total of 39 seconds. Providence wouldn't lead for the rest of the game, with the biggest advantage 22 points. With less than seven minutes remaining in the game, Providence was able to cut the Bulldogs' lead to just nine points. But the Bulldogs slammed the door on the Friars, responding to Providence's late-game-run the same way they responded to a loss at St. John's and some very tumultuous moments on the flight home: unscathed and focused. The Bulldogs allowed just five more points from Providence over the final five minutes of the game.
“You know you're not going to give yourself a chance to win when teams are shooting 60 and 70 percent,” Providence coach Ed Cooley said. “In this league you've gotta be able to withstand two and three game losing streaks because it's going to happen. Unfortunately, we have (a three-game-losing streak) under our belts right now. But the sun will come up tomorrow. We got to dust ourselves off and get ready for Georgetown.”
BIG PICTURE: After a loss at St. John's to open conference play, the Bulldogs responded with a much-needed win over Providence, hopefully setting the tone for their Big East schedule. The Bulldogs will have their hands full during the next 14 days, as three of Butler's next four games are against ranked opponents (No.1 Villanova, No.10 Creighton, and No.17 Xavier, respectively).
POLL IMPLICATIONS: The Bulldogs started the 2016-17 season by taking advantage of key games on their out-of-conference schedule. With wins over then-No. 22 Cincinnati, No. 8 Arizona and No. 9 Indiana, Butler's resume has a strong foundation heading into Big East conference play. On Wednesday, the Bulldogs will have their toughest test yet: a chance to knock off No.1 Villanova when the Wildcats visit Hinkle Fieldhouse.
UP NEXT:
Butler hosts Villanova on Wednesday
Providence hosts Georgetown on Wednesday
× Lake of the Ozarks ‘Party Cove' to get its own reality TV show from ‘Jersey Shore' creators
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Move over, Snooki. The creators of reality show like “Jersey Shore” and “Party Down South” are setting their sights on the Lake of the Ozarks.
Doron Ofir Casting and 495 Productions are looking for cast members for a reality show to be filmed at the infamous “Party Cove” at the Lake of the Ozarks. The show's name? “Party Cove,” of course.
According to their website, the production company is looking for the “craziest, hottest, loudest 21+ SUMMER VACATIONERS who are ready to hit the lake and share the summer of a lifetime with us.”
Some of the questions for potential cast members include, “BRAG! What are your best assets? Physical, material and social,” and “What are your pick-up tactics?”
You can apply online if you think you're wild enough.
Party Cove's official name is Anderson Hollow Cove. The spot is known for nudity, public sex acts and plenty of alcohol.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
No, it's not the return to chronological order you have been screaming for, but this might end your suffering. If you suffer from FOMO (fear of missing out) every time you open your Instagram app, this latest feature hopes to quell that issue.
Yesterday (July 2nd), Instagram introduced its “you're all caught up” feature to users timelines. Users will see the message once they have seen every post from followers from over the last two days. Instagram hopes this latest update will give you a “better understanding of your feed and know you haven't missed recent photos or videos.”Any posts older than 2 days that you have already viewed will show up below the “you're all caught up” message.
So basically Instagram wants you to stop crying about their trash algorithm with this latest update. Whether this will satisfy those who wish to see their feeds return to chronological order remains to be seen. This latest update follows a bevy of other “improvements” Instagram has made to its popular social media platform. Just a few weeks ago we got IGTV, and recently the ability to add music to Instagram stories.
So is the “you're all caught up” feature the answer your algorithm and chronological order beef? Or is this just another band-aid being slapped on Instagram's biggest problem? Let us know in the comments below.
—
Photo: WENN.com
Chronological Fix?: Instagram Introduces “You're All Caught Up” Feature In Your Feed was originally published on hiphopwired.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
JUPITER, Fla. (WSVN) — The emotional support peacock that was not allowed to board a flight in New Jersey earlier this week has a South Florida connection.
As it turns out, the bird that was turned away from a United Airlines flight at Newark Liberty International Airport was purchased from a family in Jupiter.
United Airlines told the owner, who lives in Brooklyn, that she could not bring the bird on board, Tuesday.
“This animal did not meet guidelines for a number of reasons, including its weight and size. We explained this to the customers on three separate occasions before they arrived at the airport,” United said in a statement to Fox News.
The owner ended up renting a car and driving to Los Angeles — with Dexter the peacock perched in the passenger seat.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lupita Nyong'o posed in a cute bomber jacket reppin' Nakita from Wakanda.
She wore a custom ‘Nakia' jacket by high-end streetwear brand, Fear of God. Ahhh! Can they make this into production? The beauty was noticeably absent from the Avengers: Infinity Wars premiere, so this photo might have been subtly showing some love as she hashtagged #AvengersInfinityWar.
RELATED: Lupita Nyong'o Gives Us Two Piece Winter Style On The Red Carpet
She paired the look with black shades, and continued to play with the hashtag, ending the post with #NakiaWasAbroad.
So cute! Beauties, would you wear this jacket? Tell us in the comment section.
DON'T MISS:
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Lupita Nyong'o Wears Her Hair In Twists For The Premiere of ‘Gringo'
5 Takeaways From The Atlantic's ‘Black Panther' Chat With Ta-Nehisi Coates, Chadwick Boseman And Lupita Nyong'o
Michael B. Jordan And Lupita Nyong'o Are Flirting So Much, We Think They're A Couple
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Updated 10.08pm
THE US CONGRESS released a Republican memo today alleging abuse of power in investigations of Donald Trump's election campaign, after the president accused his own Justice Department and FBI of bias against him.
In authorizing the explosive move, Trump set up an extraordinary confrontation with America's top law enforcement authorities.
Ignoring the advice of the FBI itself, which warned that the four-page document painted an inaccurate picture, the president gave his green light to declassify the memo drafted by the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, former Trump transition team official Devin Nunes.
“What's happening in our country is a disgrace,” Trump said, announcing that he had declassified the memo.
“A lot of people should be ashamed,” added Trump, who earlier today accused the leaders of the Justice Department and FBI of politicising their investigation in favor of the Democrats.
So I sent it over to Congress. They will do what they're going to do. Whatever they do is fine. It was declassified, and let's see what happens.
The move set up an extraordinary confrontation with the country's top law enforcement authorities, and triggered speculation that FBI Director Christopher Wray would step down just six months into the job.
Trump's critics allege the memo is designed to undercut special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of his campaign's ties with Russia, which US intelligence agencies unanimously agree tried to tilt the election in his favor.
Based on classified materials, the four-page document claims that the FBI used an unsubstantiated, Democratic-funded research report to obtain a warrant in 2016 to surveil Trump advisor Carter Page, who had extensive Russian contacts.
The FBI had warned that the memo, crafted by Nunes as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, contained “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy”.
But Trump lashed out hard at the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department as he prepared to declassify the document.
“The top leadership and investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicised the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans,” he tweeted.
The president called the alleged bias “something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!”
White House counsel Don McGahn wrote in a letter attached to the memo that Trump had authorised its declassification “in light of the significant public interest in the memorandum”.
“The committee has discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes,” Nunes said in a statement.
Key findings
Based on classified materials, the four-page memo claims that the FBI and DOJ in 2016 used an unsubstantiated, Democratic-funded research report to obtain a FISA national security warrant to surveil Trump advisor Carter Page, who had extensive Russian contacts.
Several former and current top FBI and DOJ officials, it said, signed off on the FISA application and three renewals, in what the memo's authors says amounted to accepting an unacceptably weak basis for a warrant.
The findings of the report “raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions” with the court that issued the warrant, said the memo, produced by the Republican leadership of the House Intelligence Committee.
They “represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses,” it said.
Memo's release
The document, which has circulated among many members of Congress, was based on the highly classified, much larger record of the application to obtain a so-called FISA national security warrant in 2016 to surveil Page.
Democrats have sought approval for the release of their own counter-memo that argues Nunes simplified and “cherry-picks” facts to distort what happened.
Directly in the firing line were Wray, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, all chosen last year for their jobs by Trump.
Sessions has stayed out of the fray, but Rosenstein, who directly oversees Mueller's Russia investigation, and Wray have battled Nunes and the White House over the memo since the beginning of the year.
Democrats allege that the ultimate target is Rosenstein, the sole person able to fire Mueller.
Rosenstein and Wray this week lobbied Trump's chief of staff John Kelly, and Paul Ryan, the top Republican in the House of Representatives, against the release.
On Tuesday the FBI issued an extraordinary public warning that it had “grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
On Thursday, however, Ryan backed Nunes, characterising the release as an act of transparency and a defense of American civil liberties.
“This memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice,” Ryan said.
Republican senators uneasy over fight
Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee and the author of the still-secret counter-memo, rejected Ryan's explanation, citing the president's own Friday tweet.
Speaking to CBS Friday morning, Schiff said the president's tweet made plain that the memo's release was “designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI — to undermine the investigation; to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation.”
“It's a tremendous disservice to the American people, who are going to be misled by this — by the selective use of classified information.”
Not all Republicans were on board, however. Four senior Republican senators, including John Thune, Lindsey Graham, Susan Collins and Jeff Flake, expressed their unease about Nunes' use of intelligence in a political battle.
“The president's apparent willingness to release this memo risks undermining US intelligence-gathering efforts, politicising Congress' oversight role, and eroding confidence in our institutions of government,” Flake said in a joint statement with Democratic Senator Chris Coons.
- © AFP 2018
/ Front page / News
A MAN charged with the alleged rape of his stepdaughter was yesterday issued an order by the court to be taken for medical examination after he collapsed in court and claimed to suffer some medical complications.
The accused appeared before Justice Thushara Rajasinghe at the High Court in Suva.
He is charged with one count of rape and four counts of sexual assault. The State had earlier objected to bail for the accused who had applied for bail on the grounds that he needed to go and rebuild his house that was damaged during Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston last year.
State counsel Meli Vosawale informed the court that the State was still objecting to bail for the accused because he had not disclosed to the court the location of where his building materials were.
Justice Rajasinghe had also asked the State to establish whether the victim had really moved away from the place of the alleged incident. He said even though the accused was in remand, he could still interfere with the victim through family connections.
The accused was in the dock when he claimed to have suffered pain in his lower abdomen.
The matter had to be stood down to allow the accused to be attended to by court clerks and his family members present in court.
The accused then returned and informed the court that his body could no longer withstand the cold at the remand centre.
He was, however, issued an order to be taken to hospital and has also been further remanded in custody.
Justice Rajasinghe will deliver his bail ruling on February 23.
The alleged offences occurred between March 19 and March 26, 2016 at Bayview Heights, Suva.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Lady Bearcats Look To Defeat Yale University In The Second Round Of The WBI
We cannot put the umbrellas away just yet! As Tuesday progresses, the storm clouds will start to build in over South Florida.
By the afternoon, a shift in winds out of the southwest will prompt the shower and storm activity to move from inland to the coast ahead of a weak cold front.
The main storm hazards are anytime downpours leading to minor street flooding, frequent lightning, wind gust up to 50 mph, nickel sized hail and waterspouts with strong cells.
The clouds are already starting to build up this morning. We'll see even more by this afternoon/evening. Scattered to numerous showers and storms are expected across South Florida later today ahead of a weak front @wsvn @7weather #flwx pic.twitter.com/Cxytw4c43g — Miss Chavis (@karlenechavis) April 24, 2018
This storm system will exit by Wednesday. Expect a few lingering showers Wednesday morning through sunrise. By the afternoon, drier air will filter in leading to less rain and more sunshine as we stay warm to close out the work week.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Drake performing at Coachella in 2017. Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Coachella
Drake, whose feud with Pusha T went nuclear yesterday night with the the release of a diss track alleging Drake has a secret child, has spoken out about at least one part of this trainwreck: the photograph of Drake in blackface that Pusha used for album art. Drake took to Instagram Stories Wednesday night to post a statement addressing the issue.
“I know everyone is enjoying the circus, but I want to clarify this image in question,” the rapper wrote, going on to explain that he had been working as an actor, not a musician, at the time the photo was taken. According to Drake, he was attempting to make a statement about the way the film industry treated black actors. The rapper also confirmed that the image was not part of a photoshoot for Too Black Guys—something the founder of the clothing label asserted in his own statement—and credited the idea to himself and actor Mazin Elsadig. Their goal was “to highlight and raise our frustrations with not always getting a fair chance in the industry and to make a point that the struggle for black actors had not changed much.” As for the other issues raised in Pusha T's diss track, Drake has yet to comment.
Instagram stories are a Snapchat-style feature that allows users to post images that are automatically deleted in 24 hours. They aren't embeddable by design, but Drake's statement should be visible until Thursday evening by visiting his Instagram page and clicking on his profile picture. Here is the complete text:
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
A motorcycle rider almost loses control at 150 miles-per-hour.
A competitive motorcycle rider named James Hillier is taking a turn at 150 miles-per-hour during the Isle of Man race when his bike starts weaving and it looks like he's going to lose control and wipeout. But he somehow manages to keep it upright and continue.
Hollywood diva Scarlett Johansson is in the midst of a controversy after she drew criticism for choosing to play the role of a transgender man in an upcoming film, ‘Rub & Tug'.
According to the Hollywood reporter, people started criticising the ‘Captain America: Civil war' star on social media for opting to play a transgender man. They argued that the role should have gone to an actor from the transgender community.
It should be noted that Johansson is teaming up with director Rupert Sanders for the movie.
Johansson will play the role of Jean Marie Gill, a cisgender, who was assigned female at birth, but assumed the identity of a man, Dante “Tex” Gill who ran a massage parlour and prostitution business in Pittsburgh in the 1970s and '80s.
Amidst all the criticism, Johansson justified her role by pointing out that other actors who have played transgender characters in the movie have won awards for all their performances.
American actress Felicity Huffman was nominated for Oscar for playing a transgender woman in Transamerica (2005), while Jared Leto won the coveted award for the best supporting actor for playing the role of a transgender woman in Dallas Buyers Club (2013).
Supporting the criticism against the actress, the director of an American non-profit arts organisation, April Reign who runs the #OscarsSoWhite campaign on Twitter said, ” Scarlett Johansson is not hurting for money. She is in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and is about to get her own film: Black Widow. She is also a well-established actress so she doesn't need the increased profile. So why would she take work away from a trans actor? #OscarsSoWhite.”
The film is based on the life of Jean Marie Gill who assumed the identity of a man, Dante ‘Tex' Gill and managed to succeed in the massage parlour and prostitution business in the 1980s.
Mildred Fay Jefferson had a complicated history. She was the first Black woman to graduate from Harvard Medical School, the first woman to graduate in surgery from Harvard Medical School and the first woman to become a member of the Boston Surgical Society. However, she was also a stone-cold Republican who campaigned for Ronald Reagan, whose economic policies would crush Black communities in the 1980s. Jefferson was famously pro-life, a member of the National Right to Life Committee, the oldest national pro-life organization in America, and failed at grabbing the Republican nomination for the 1982, 1990, and 1994 U.S. Senate elections.
Who is going play her in a movie? Clueless starlet Stacey Dash.
SEE ALSO: Tiffany Haddish's Best Moments At The Oscars & And She Wasn't Even A Winner Or Nominee
The movie, titled Roe v. Wade, is a “pro-life” film produced by Nick Loeb, Sofía Vergara‘s trifling ex — the man who sued her to use their embryos after they broke up and even called her “classless” for speaking Spanish. Loeb's film is based on the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court decision that granted a woman's right to an abortion. The film will be “pro-life” with “famous” conservatives like Stacey Dash and Jon Voight, both Trump supporters. The Hollywood Reporter reports, “The film has been under such tight wraps that even the major cast members had not been revealed; Two Supreme Court justices are played by a couple of Hollywood's more outspoken conservatives, Jon Voight and Robert Davi, and other justices are played by Corbin Bernsen, John Schneider, Steve Guttenberg, William Forsythe, Wade Williams and Richard Portnow.”
In addition, “Stacey Dash, the Clueless star and former Fox News commentator who withdrew from a congressional race as a Republican three months ago, claiming the campaign had become ‘detrimental to the health and well-being of my family,' plays Mildred Jefferson, the first black woman to graduate from Harvard Medical School and the former president of National Right to Life.”
Roe v. Wade is allegedly being filmed in New Orleans and will wrap up production on July 15. No word on the studio that will distribute the film.
While Mildred was a conservative, she still made history and her story is important. Sadly, Stacey Dash and Nick Loeb will only use her Jefferson as agenda-pushing tokenism.
SEE ALSO:
Wakanda Forever! Celebs We Need To See In ‘The Black Panther' Sequel
Stacey Dash Is Begging For Campaign Donations By Shouting Out The Bronx
Stacey Dash To Play The First Black Woman To Graduate From Harvard Medical School In New Film was originally published on newsone.com
By Emman Ovuakporie
ABUJA-MEMBERS of the House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to set up an adhoc committee to investigate the recovered Gen Sani Abacha loot from 1998 till date.
To this end, the adhoc committee is expected to dig out all recoveries made and mode of payments, how the money was disbursed and report back to the House within the next six weeks.
This development was sequel to a motion under matters of public importance entitled: ‘Urgent Need To Stop The Federal Government From Expending The Last Tranche Of The Abacha Loot Or Any Recovered Loot At All Without Parliamentary Approval', promoted by Rep Sunday Karimi, PDP, Kogi.
Details soon…
Abuja – Nigerian international Hope Akpan has linked up with English League one outfit, Bradford City, on a two-year contract from Burton Albion.
Akpan, 26, joined the football club on a free transfer, becoming the club's ninth signing of the summer.
The midfielder, who has been capped at international level by Nigeria, has now joined up with his new teammates at their pre-season Cheshire training camp.
He said: “We are really pleased to get Hope into the building,” Bradford City head coach, Michael Collins was quoted as saying on the club's official website.
“We already had excellent quality in that area (midfield), but Hope will add to that whilst also offering a strong physical presence.
“The intensity of the league demands we have quality in all departments to cope, and we feel like we are getting there now.”(NAN)
by
“The problems of victory are more agreeable than the problems of defeat.
But they are no less difficult.” – John Mauldin
During the past sixty days, ever since the general election, I've been giving many interviews and I've been speaking to civic groups, associations, clubs and chambers. Yet, I've really been in limbo.
What began as a rally by white supremacists in Virginia this weekend ended in terror Saturday as a car slammed into a group that was protesting the rally, killing at least one person and injuring 19 others.
The tension had been high since Friday, when a group of torch-bearing white nationalists (some giving a Nazi salute) descended on the University of Virginia campus to protest the potential removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
After Saturday's deadly violence, President Donald Trump said, “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides … on many sides.” The response was met with criticism, with members of the president's own party labeling it too vague.
We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH — Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 12, 2017
Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017
Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW — Cory Gardner (@SenCoryGardner) August 12, 2017
Beyond condemnation, what action will follow the spilled blood in Charlottesville?
Embed from Getty Images
GUESTS
Sarah McCammon, Mid-Atlantic and Southeast reporter, NPR; @sarahmcammon
Jameta Barlow, Assistant professor, Department of Women's and Gender Studies at Towson University; @allaboutafya
Meredith Clark, Media studies professor, University of Virginia; @MeredithClark
Rich Benjamin, anthropologist and cultural critic; senior fellow at Demos; author “Searching For Whitopia: An Improbable Journey to the Heart of White America”; @IAmRichBenjamin
Gary Shapiro, University of Virginia professor of philosophy and Tucker-Boatwright Professor of the Humanities, Emeritus
For more, visit http://the1a.org.
© 2017 WAMU 88.5 – American University Radio.
DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) – A crowd of protesters gathered outside the old Durham County courthouse on Main Street Monday evening in opposition to a Confederate monument in front of the government building.
Around 7:10 p.m. a woman using a ladder climbed the statue of a soldier and attached a rope around the statue. Moments later, the crowd pulled on the rope and the statue fell. One man quickly ran up and spat on the statue and several others began kicking it.
It's not clear where law enforcement officers were during the protest.
In 1924, the Confederate statue was dedicated to Durham.
Engraved on the front of the monument is “The Confederate States of America.”
Above it, is a statue representing a soldier who fought in the civil war.
“It needs to be removed,” Loan Tran, an organizer, said earlier Monday. “These Confederate statues in Durham, in North Carolina, all across the country.”
There are similar monuments in several cities around North Carolina.
Tran doesn't want to see it anymore. “When I see a Confederate statue in downtown Durham, or really anywhere, it fills me with a lot of rage and frustration,” she said.
Organizers say tonight's protest is a reaction to the events in Charlottesville this past weekend.
“People can be mobilized and people are angry and when enough people are angry, we don't have to look to politicians to sit around in air conditions and do nothing when we can do things ourselves,” said Takiyah Thompson, a protester.
The statue is on county property.
In an email to CBS North Carolina, Durham County spokeswoman Dawn Dudley says:
“Due to a North Carolina state law passed a few years ago, Durham County is prohibited from removing or making substantive alteration to historical monuments and memorials. I share this to say that there is a statute in place making the efforts you mention below difficult to move forward. I would assume that the only thing possible are steps to reverse the law.”
This statue has been the center of controversy before after graffiti was spray painted on it a few years ago.
The group that met Monday say their purpose is to “smash white supremacy.”
Bitcoin Mining May Be Funding North Korea
North Korea may be turning to the shadowy internet currency bitcoin to get around increasingly intrusive U.S.-led sanctions barring its access to the world banking system and fund its missile and nuclear programs, financial experts warn.
A recent private intelligence study detailed how the North Korean hackers have dramatically ramped up a bitcoin "mining" operation, and analysts say Pyongyang may be bent on using the elusive digital currency as a way to undermine U.S.-led efforts to financially isolate the regime of Kim Jong-un.
"North Korea using these technologies is not exactly a loophole to the sanctions -- that could be overstating the power of bitcoin itself," Yaya Fanusie, a former CIA counterterrorism analyst, told The Washington Times. "But you have a cat-and-mouse game evolving, and this is just the type of emerging technology that the [U.S. intelligence community] needs to develop expertise to understand."
Mr. Fanusie noted that, despite its reputation, bitcoin transactions can still be tracked by international authorities.
But a second former U.S. intelligence official told The Times on Monday that the digital currency did present major new challenges for American officials seeking to cut off North Korea's money taps.
"We're good at tracking traditional banking, but bitcoin is not a Swiss bank," said the former official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity. The U.S., he said, should not underestimate the North's increasing hacking and online sophistication.
The bitcoin speculation comes amid rising tensions in the region, with the North Korean foreign minister telling reporters in New York that President Trump's increasingly tough rhetoric and military moves amounted to a "declaration of war."
Recorded Future, a private cybersecurity firm, issued a report last week that identified what it said was a major effort by the cash-strapped regime to subvert financial sanctions.
Under persistent U.S. prodding, the U.N. Security Council last month unanimously banned North Korea from exporting coal, iron, lead and seafood worth about a third of its total income from trade. Permanent Council members Russia and China -- North Korea's neighbor and main trading partner -- backed the resolution.
Evading Sanctions
Some U.S. officials subsequently griped that Beijing, which is widely considered to be Pyongyang's main source of cash, may avoid actually imposing the new sanctions. But the Trump administration last week announced a new agreement with China to effectively halt all financial transactions between North Korean entities and Chinese banks.
Enter bitcoin.
Finance analysts now fear that Pyongyang has begun using hard-to-trace digital currencies to generate cash and buy goods. It's still unclear how the sanctions on traditional banking channels would affect bitcoin. According to the Recorded Future report, North Korea witnessed "a dramatic spike in activity from May 17 to July 3" related to a bitcoin "mining" operation.
Recorded Future's director of strategic threat development, Priscilla Moriuchi, told Voice of America in an interview, "Before then, I haven't seen any activity indicating that [the North Koreans] were interested in bitcoin."
A former NSA threat analyst, Ms. Moriuchi added that the North's suspected bitcoin activity is thus far tiny -- roughly $100,000 -- but the potential exists for the cryptocurrency to generate major income.
The effort is likely being run by North Korea's military or intelligence, or at least conducted with their knowledge, she added. The massive amount of internet bandwidth needed for the detected bitcoin activity would have been noticed by Pyongyang.
A creation of the digital age that reflects the libertarian impulses of much of the online community, bitcoins were launched in 2009 by a mysterious figure named Satoshi Nakamoto, who has never publicly come forward. Many analysts have suggested that he never existed.
The currency's unique power comes from its independence from any individual government or central bank overseer. Unlike regular money, digital or cryptocurrencies are not connected to banks or governments and allow anonymous purchases or money exchanges completely outside the realm of banks, credit card firms or other third parties. Instead, the coins exist because users "mine" them by lending their computing power to verify other users' transactions.
Mr. Fanusie, who currently oversees the Foundation for Defense of Democracies' Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance analysis team, is also credited with analyzing the first verifiable instance of a terrorist organization attempting to use bitcoin to raise funds.
He said North Korea's long track record for seeking cash and new assets through illicit activity, including the drug trade, counterfeiting or other smuggling, means bitcoin was a logical next step.
"We are really talking about experimentation," Mr. Fanusie said. "The [bitcoin technology] is still so nascent, state and nonstate actors are looking for ways to exploit it."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
South Florida has some giant drinks that serves plenty. Deco's social butterfly Chris Van Vliet is serving them up.
You might think you're a real lightweight if you can't even finish one drink. But that's not really the case when you're having a drink that's as big as a swimming pool.
Big drinks are becoming a big deal, especially at Kings Doral.
Steven Bradley, marketing manager: “You gotta do something different nowadays. You can't be basic. You gotta spice it up a little bit. It's Miami.”
Just looking at their drinks tells you — bigger is better.
Steven Bradley: “We have the one and only gallon size mojito and gallon size strawberry daiquiri.”
For $60 — grab a few friends and start sipping!
These giants are self-serve.
Steven Bradley: “We take the classic mojito with the rum and the mint – and we blew it up. It comes with a giant sugar cane stick that is pretty epic.”
The gallon size strawberry daiquiri has rum, Grand Marnier and … an entire bottle of bubbly.
Steven Bradley: “It's perfect for summer because when you go out, you want service that is fast, you want a drink that is cold and you don't want to wait for anyone to bring it to you. This one will satisfy everything you need.”
You need to have a party of three or more to enjoy the big drinks — but it's worth it.
Taylor Baldwin, customer: “It's very convenient that my friends and myself pour it right at the table, and I love that it comes in a large format.”
At Ricky's South Beach, the more the merrier.
Joseph Natale, vice president of operations: “Since Ricky's is a local bar and not a night club, we wanted to figure out an interactive way to accommodate large parties outside of your traditional bottle service.”
And their booze barrel was born. It's a half-gallon drink that comes in a self-serve barrel.
Joseph Natale: “It depends on how much fun you want to have through the night, but primarily it's four to six people.”
There's one called Drake Sucks that's full of bourbon, lemon juice and orange bitters.
And the ODB ‘Till You Can't See is…
Joseph Natale: “A spin on a spicy margarita. It's jalapeño-infused tequila and watermelon.”
The cost for the half-gallon barrel of booze is $100.
But when friends share the drink and the cost, it's practically a bargain.
Not only do Kings Doral and Ricky's South Beach serve giant drinks, they serve food too. Which considering how big the beverages are, we recommend grabbing something to eat too.
FOR MORE INFO:
Kings Doral
3450 NW 83rd Ave. Suite 152
Doral, FL 33122
(844) 494-9400
https://www.kings-de.com/miami-doral
Ricky's South Beach
1222 16th St.
Miami Beach, FL 33139
(305) 704-3602
http://www.rickyssouthbeach.com/
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Romo lineage will continue to grow. Candice, née Crawford Romo announced yesterday that she and husband Tony are expecting “another Romo offspring” this August. The two are already parents to Rivers, 2 1/2 years old, and Hawkins, 4 1/2 years old.
Visiting Daddy at training camp 💙🏈 #dallascowboys A post shared by Candice Romo (@candiceromo) on Oct 2, 2016 at 11:04am PDT
Crawford and Romo married in May 2011 in Arlington Hall in Dallas. Of their relationship, and being a father to one at the time, Romo told People in 2012, “If you get a great wife who understands the demands of someone in athletics, I think that's important. I was lucky enough to find someone like that. She's a great mom and a great wife. It's been fun just hanging out with her and my son. It's been exciting.
As far as being a parent, Romo told the magazine, “It strengthens your family values and your family and the love you have, which is already really strong. It's been a great blessing from God to put us in this situation. We feel very honored.”
Via People
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Crown Media
Tonight Hallmark begins its Countdown to Valentine's series with My Secret Valentine, another delightfully romantic movie in a beautiful setting. Tonight's movie premieres at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central) on Saturday, February 3, 2018. The movie stars Hallmark favorites Lacey Chabert and Andrew Walker. After you read all about this movie and watch it, come back and share any comments or questions that you may have about the movie in our comments section below. Join in the discussion with other readers.
To find out what channel Hallmark is on for you, click here to go to TV Guide's listings. Then change the “Provider” (right under TV Listings) to your local provider. You'll be able to scroll down to see what channel Hallmark is on for you. (To find out how to stream Hallmark's movies live, see our story here.) If you miss the movie tonight, you can see encore presentations on Feb. 10 at 7 p.m. Eastern, Feb. 11 at 3 p.m., Feb. 14 at 8 p.m., Feb. 18 at 11 a.m., Feb. 23 at 2 p.m., and March 10 at 7 p.m.
Crown Media
Here's the synopsis for the movie from Hallmark: “A young woman takes advice from the chalkboard notes that her mysterious house rental tenant leaves when a slick sales rep arrives with plans to buy her family's prized winery.” This sounds really good. I'm betting that if you liked Autumn in the Vineyard or Summer in the Vineyard, then you'll also like this winery-themed movie.
Another recap reads: “Chloe is upset her dad might sell their winery and stress snacks with a cute guy who turns out to be Seth, the wine rep. They spar until she goes to the cabin, rundown since her mom died. There she finds a note offering help from ‘Handyman' and she thanks him, signing ‘In Need of Repairs'. Meanwhile, Seth tries to win her over, but it's Handyman she's crushing on.”
Crown Media
Lacey Chabert stars as Chloe. Lacey is a favorite in the Hallmark universe and she frequently stars in some of their best movies. Lacey's feature film debut was Lost in Space in 1998. Her versatile resume includes Party of Five, All My Children, Baby Daddy, A Little Piece of Heaven, What if God Were the Sun?, Moonlight in Vermont, All of My Heart, Matchmaker Santa, A Royal Christmas, The Color of Rain, Ghosts of Girlfriend's Past, Mean Girls, Daddy Day Care, The Brooke Ellison Story, and more. Her Hallmark movies in particular include All of My Heart, Moonlight in Vermont, The Sweetest Christmas, Matchmaker Santa, and more.
Crown Media
Andrew Walker stars as Seth. He started his acting career as a recurring lead on Student Bodies and then cast as a lead in Back to Sherwood and Radio Active. His other many credits include Maybe It's Me, Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Wicked Minds, Lies and Deception, Snowed-Inn Christmas, AGainst the Wall, ER, CSI: Miami, CSI: New York, Without a Trace, The Big Bang Theory, When Calls the Heart, Steel Toes, Loaded, Penthouse North, God Bless the Broken Road, The Perfect Catch, Love on Ice, A Dream of Christmas, and more.
Also starring in the movie are:
Peter MacNeill (Truman Grange)
Tara Yelland (Leanne)
Kevin Claydon (Jeff)
Cindy Sampson (Taylor)
Richard Young (Snobby restaurant owner)
Carrie Schiffler (Nancy)
Here are some more photos from the movie:
Crown Media
Crown Media
Crown Media
Crown Media
Crown Media
What did you think of the movie? Let us know in the comments below.
For the third year in a row, on June 17, Maywood resident Mike Rogers will dress himself in a Civil War-era Union Army uniform and climb to the balcony of the restored Home for Soldiers' Widows, 224 N. First Ave. There, he'll read the 1865 Galveston, Texas proclamation: “All slaves are free … The freedmen are advised to remain quietly at their present homes and work for wages.”
This historic re-enactment is one of the “Juneteenth” or “Freedom Day” events around Cook County. Other events include a pool party in Forest Park and a nature walk to underground railroad sites in South Holland at Cook County Forest Preserve at Sand Ridge Nature Center.
Juneteenth is officially celebrated in more than 40 states. It began as a way to commemorate the end of slavery in the state of Texas in 1865. Although Abraham Lincoln had declared the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, and Gen. Robert E. Lee had surrendered, ending the Civil War in April, 1865, it wasn't until two months later that 2,000 Union soldiers sailed to Galveston and made it clear that slavery was over in the state of Texas.
In rural, coastal Texas, slave owners hadn't been anxious to share the news.
On June 19, 1865 Union General Gordon Ranger, backed up by a regiment of Union soldiers, read the statement from a balcony.
The celebration of freedom broke out in Texas and a yearly holiday was born across the region. Freed slaves and their descendants gave the holiday a nickname, mashing up the words “June” and “Nineteenth.” Special celebrations were planned, often in “Freedom parks,” plots of land purchased by members of the African-American community.
“It's educational at this point because so many people don't have a clue,” Rogers said.
Juneteenth was recognized as an Illinois state holiday in June, 2008 in a General Assembly bill brought by then-State Senator Barack Obama. Juneteenth is not meant for only African-Americans, Obama said in June 2016.
“On this Juneteenth, we remember that struggle as we reflect on how far we've come as a country,” he said. “Juneteenth is a time to recommit ourselves to the work that remains undone. We remember that even in the darkest hours, there is cause to hope for tomorrow's light.”
Chicago's DuSable Museum of African-American History in Hyde Park will give Juneteenth a pass this year after last year's events. Gov. Bruce Rauner publically cancelled his appearance at the museum last year because activists were threatening to protest the Illinois budget impasse.
West Town Museum of Cultural History curator, Jeri L. Stenson led historical tours of Maywood earlier in the week with a special stop at Maywood's Underground Railroad site, the “Ten Mile House” at Lake and the Des Plaines River. The cabin was a 10-mile ride from Chicago and could shelter a rider or cargo. In the 1990s, Stenson and other researchers found evidence that runaway enslaved people would stop for shelter at the cabin. Stenson, 85, received an award from the state for her research.
In Maywood, the Juneteenth celebration will continue June 17 at the West Town Museum of Cultural History, between noon and 6 p.m. at 104 S. 5th Ave. where a meal described as “A taste of Emancipation Soul” will be served for $10. A panel “Are We Really Free?” will be led by former WGCI radio personality Al Sylk discussing “economic empowerment, post-traumatic slave syndrome, black liberation, racism and white supremacy” and other topics.
Pool Party
Galveston native Rory Hoskins, an attorney in Forest Park, has organized a Juneteenth Pool Party since 2009 in Forest Park. The pool party will be held
at 8 p.m. June 17 at 7501 Harrison St., Forest Park. Events are free.
“In Galveston, Juneteenth is a big deal, similar to Mardi Gras in New Orleans,” Hoskins said. “There are parades, and music and food. The city gives out scholarships.”
Hoskins said Juneteenth celebrations in the summer are more family friendly than indoor activities during February's Black History Month.
“Having Juneteenth at a swimming pool is significant because pools were the last public spaces to be integrated in the South during the Civil Rights Movement,” said Gerald Lordan, a Fenwick High School history teacher.
Nature trail and Emancipation quilts
Near South Holland, Dutch Reform settlers and farmers became strong supporters of the abolitionist movement during the 1800s. Dutch farmers such as Cornelius Kuyper Sr., of South Holland hid many enslaved people during the 1860s who were following the southern edge of Lake Michigan to Detroit and then to Canada, according to a 1943 Chicago Tribune article about the visit of a national “Freedom Train” to Calumet.
The Forest Preserve of Cook County Sand Ridge Nature Center offers free Underground Railroad hikes during the day June 17, said director James Carpenter. Sometimes an African-American color guard attends Juneteenth in period Union costumes, Carpenter said. The Nature Center is located at 15891 Paxton Ave. South Holland.
The festivities also include a taste-testing of Southern specialties such as Hummingbird Cake or Lemon Chess Pie. Nature Center staff and volunteers create the desserts from the special “Summer Desserts of Juneteenth” cookbook. The Nature Center will also present an exhibit on Emancipation quilts.
“We wanted to expand out some of the similar activities we do for Settlers Day in the fall,” Carpenter said. “This is our fourth Juneteenth, and it's proving perfect for that.”
Read the current issue of the Cook County Chronicle
Free subscription to the digital edition of the Cook County Chronicle
— Cook County Juneteenth events celebrate the end of slavery —
NEW YORK — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that his newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as he signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to his attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
The history of sexual harassment in America: 5 things to know
Just like many movements for equal rights in America, the path for women to seek recourse from sexual harassment has been through the courts. But grassroots activism in the 1970s opened the space for a nationwide conversation, and the Civil Rights Movement can be credited for building a legal foundation that feminist legal theorists expanded upon to fight sexual harassment. Many of the first lawsuits were brought by African American women like Mechelle Vinson, whose case led to the Supreme Court's landmark 1986 ruling that employers could be liable for the sexual harassers who preyed on women at their workplace.
Campaigners collecting cash to transform a historic site in Mold are planning to raise the profile of the Welsh language in the town at the same time by holding a string of star-studded concerts.
Welsh folk legend and language campaigner Dafydd Iwan is to take centre stage during a Welsh Week to drum up funds for town mayor Bob Gaffey's Bailey Hill appeal next year.
And 70s rocker Meic Stevens is also pencilled in among the festivities, which the town councillor says will provide a shot in the arm for the language amid growing concern that the number of Welsh speakers is dropping year by year.
The mayor himself has penned a book of poems as part of the fundraising and he says he is not afraid to wear his nationalist pride on his sleeves as part of the effort, which has seen £40,000 raised so far towards a £100,000 target.
That would trigger £1m of National Lottery funding to turn the site of the former motte and bailey castle on which Mold was founded into a modern tourist attraction.
While a Christmas concert, which was to feature reformed folk group Pererin, has been cancelled due to low ticket sales, next year's prestigious events are aimed at promoting the Welsh language under the theme of ‘Inspirations and Legends/Ysbrydoliaeth a Chwedlau'.
A 2011 census showed the number of first language Welsh speakers fell from 582,000 in 2001 to 562,000 despite a growth in Wales' population.
Gwynedd could boast the highest percentage with 64 per cent of its population able to speak Welsh, but areas closer to the English border like Flintshire and Wrexham were as low as 13 per cent, although not as low as parts of the South Wales valleys such as Merthyr Tydfil and Blaenau Gwent at eight per cent.
“We have lost 20,000 Welsh speakers and while there is a lot being done to address the problem, it is easier to do in the west of Wales,” admits Mold's mayor.
“That is where the work is being aimed at. Here we are nearer the border and English is such a powerful international language.
“But we do have Welsh being spoken in Mold and there are things we can do. We have got two schools which teach through the medium of Welsh and most places near the border don't have that.
“In the Mold South ward the percentage of Welsh speakers is 31 per cent, which is much higher than across Flintshire. That is because people want to live there so their children can be raised with the language at the Welsh medium schools.
“We need to put more resources into it. In South Wales they realised they were losing their culture and now they are devoting more attention to Welsh medium schools.
“In Cardiff there are areas that are strongly Welsh. Cardiff Bay has been transformed and Cardiff University has become very attractive to Welsh students,” adds Bob, who recalls a fight he helped mount to ensure his own council was meeting the requirements of the Welsh Language Act.
“We didn't realise we were breaking the law with an English-only website and that caused a bit of a stir.
“There was a gap between the Welsh-speaking community and the council. We had a meeting and got a great response which brought the communities together,” he recalls.
“We may have road signs welcoming people to Mold/Y Wyddgrug, but I have friends who come here to see plays at Theatr Clwyd who don't know that Y Wyddgrug is Mold in Welsh.”
It was his partner, Yvon Jones – who recently joined him as a fellow Plaid Cymru councillor in Mold's town chamber – who sent out a request to Pererin to perform in the concert at St Mary's Church.
The folkies once performed across Europe and were particularly popular in other Celtic regions such as Brittany.
They came together again for the first time in 36 years to play at August's National Eisteddfod at Bodedern in Anglesey.
Unfortunately, the plug was pulled on their set, which would have taken place on Monday night after only 70 tickets were sold.
But the draw of singer and politician Dafydd Iwan as well as the enduring appeal of psycheldelic rocker Stevens, now in his mid-70s, is sure to generate a swell of interest, predicts the town mayor, who stresses the success of the fundraising appeal depends on people immersing themselves in Welsh culture.
“We have raised £40,000 so far, but unless we get another £60,000 by May next year then we are not going to get the £1m from the Lottery Heritage Fund to see Bailey Hill transformed,” he warns.
“It was disappointing for the Christmas concert to be cancelled. Pererin played again at the National Eisteddfod this year and it would have been a great show here.
“We really needed around 200 ticket sales and it is too close to Christmas to be rescheduling it, but we will try again in the new year.
“Unless we get attendances at these events we are going to fall short of the £100,000 target we need.
“But we have organised events for a “Welcome to Wales” week in May. We will have Dafydd Iwan and we have spoken to Osian Roberts, the assistant manager of Wales, as he is a first language speaker, while we hope to get the comedian Tudur Owen to perform as well.
“Dafydd is a legend and Meic Stevens was there in the 60s with him. They are big nationalist figures and people who support the Welsh language and don't want to see it die. We are trying to stimulate support for the Welsh language and culture.
“Dafydd Iwan and Meic Stevens are superstars in Wales and we hope they will be a big draw next year.”
Jane Evans, Mold Town Council support officer, said: “Due to unfortunate circumstances the mayor of Mold's Christmas concert has been postponed and anyone who has purchased tickets can get a refund from the town council offices.”
*Bilingual events lined up for the mayor of Mold's Bailey Hill Restoration Project campaign are:
l Mayor's Dinner Ball and Auction, Clwyd Room,Theatr Clwyd, February 2.
l Meic Stevens, Clwyd Room,Theatr Clwyd, March 16.
l Mayor's Grand Concert with Dafydd Iwan, Hefin Elis, Gwenan Gibbard, Tudur Owen, Sir Anthony Hopkins' Theatre, Theatr Clwyd, April 29.
l Welcome to Wales/Wythnos o Groeso April 29 to May 6 through Mold town centre. Contact Mold Town Hall for more details on 01352-758532
Palatine man charged in Arlington Heights pizza shop theft
hello
A 25-year-old Palatine man was in the Cook County jail Monday facing a felony theft charge alleging he swiped more than $500 from the cash register of an Arlington Heights pizzeria last week.
Police say Jonathan Cabrera, of the 1300 block of Ports-O-Call, stole the cash about 2:25 a.m. Thursday from Mug's Pizza, 807 W. Rand Road, when he went inside the business to pick up an order.
Cabrera, who faces a maximum two to five years in prison if convicted of Class 3 felony theft, was booked into the jail Friday and later appeared in court, where a judge set his bail at $40,000. He remained in custody Monday awaiting another court appearance, set for Jan. 20 at the Cook County courthouse in Rolling Meadows.
The following vacancies exist in a reputable textile manufacturing and garment company in Lagos.
GENERAL MANAGER
Prospective candidate must have the following
(a) Qualification: First degree in any relevant field.
(b) Age: 30 – 60 years
(c) Experience: At least 10 years with 5 years in Managerial capacity in the textile industry in Nigeria.
Must understand the textile market segmentation and dynamics in Nigeria.
Incentives:
(i) Company car and driver
(ii) Accommodation allowance
(iii) Salary: negotiable
SALES / MARKETING MANAGER
(a) Qualification: First degree in social sciences.
(b) Age: 30 – 50 years.
(c) Experience: 8 years and 3 years in Managerial capacity.
Job is target driven. Must have the ability to drive an aggressive sales team that will largely be commission based.
Incentives:
Incentives:
(i) Company car and driver
(ii) Accommodation allowance
(iii) Salary: negotiable
SUPERVISOR TEXTILE PROCESSING PLANT
(a) Qualifications: Diploma in Polymer and Textile
(b) Age: 25 – 35 years
(c) Experience: Must be expert in processing of knitted fabric with minimum of 6 years experience.
Salary negotiable
ACCOUNTANT
(a) Qualification: HND in Accounting and very proficient in Accounting software
(b) Age: 25 –35years
IT PERSONNEL
(a) Qualification: OND in computer science, capable of managing our software.
(b) Age: 23 – 35years
Interested applicants must forward their curriculum vitae along with a cover letter detailing specific job sought with a passport photograph to
Human Resource:
unigwejennifer@gmail.com OR olujay79@gmail.com
not later than two weeks from the date of this publication. Please note that only shortlisted candidate will be contacted.
The post VACANCIES appeared first on Vanguard News.
by
Lets pick up where ‘Definite Problems' left off last week. From the chart in ‘Definite Problems' over the last 30 years the bottom 80% of us have experienced continuingly falling income. This decline has occurred under both the Democrats and Republicans; the D-R Axis or DRAxis. Finally re-electing the DRAxis or doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results is a good definition of insanity.
If you are like me the idea of being in numerous mass protests waving signs or trying to run for office is too overwhelming. Leading a political charge is just not my cup of tea, although I am anxious to vote for it. Right now it seems all the new energy is out protesting after the elections are over. This ‘after the fact' burst of activity makes a big splash and feels good for those engaged in it, but the real power lies in what befalls down the road at the polls. So how do we take the DRAxis out behind the woodshed?
Let's discuss what needs to happen around the backside of the woodshed. Our current existing gaggle of miscreants lives for the financial support and the wealth that they get by selling their elected power. The key words here are ‘elected power.' As long as we can be lured into voting the DRAxis by slick media and PAC ads, then we have no power. If we don't vote at all, we have no power. The only way to take the DRAxis behind the woodshed would be large numbers of us refusing to vote for DRAxis candidates. This approach would have a dramatic impact. Chaos would ensue even greater than the Tea Party in the Republican henhouse. The more incumbents toppled, and the more people coming in from outside the DRAxis, the harder it would be for money to get what it wants. The DRAxis would fight back of course, and there would be plenty of stalemates and raging in the press. Like any path to real reform, it would take time, stubbornness, and pain. Is anyone salivating at the thought of this fight like I am?
It is true that the fundamental structure of our Government as laid down by the Founding Fathers will always resolve itself into a two party system. There is nothing about the structure that prevents new parties from gaining power and struggling with the two parties we already have.
At least one of the existing parties has to go! The internal structure of the DRAxis has proven itself highly capable of smothering any effort at internal reform. What will not bend must be broken.
Behind the real woodshed, there will be no votes for anyone with an (R) or (D) behind their names. It doesn't matter if the new candidates are wing-nuts as long as they are not DRAxis. Until we pave the road outside of DRAxis with votes, no quality people or parties are going to be out there for us. Set your jaw, keep casting the votes, and in time better candidates will come. Keep doing this until they do.
The thing to remember is that wing-nut laws and tax codes can be reversed and failed policies overturned. Don't let the fear of them stop you from paving a new path for new candidates and new parties. Until we are willing to provide a path to office for better candidates, there will be no better candidates. DRAxis will not change, we must. This is especially important for those who have stopped voting. Find your rage, turn your disillusionment into rage if you need too. Don't wait for others. Pull the lever! Fire the shot! Keep doing it!
If there are only DRAxis candidates then utterly reject the incumbent. DRAxis uses polished spin doctors to sell these people, so reject every effort to paint them as being for you. If they were, we wouldn't need to do this. Thirty years of data does not lie! Go to the primary of your choice and fire the first shot, it is the only bullet we have in this fight. Go to the general and fire another! As an example for us here in the First District
I currently have my hopes for Ben Jealous for Governor and Michael Pullen for The House of Representatives. I happen to personally know both and trust them. Their choice to run within DRAxis is unfortunate, but like Bernie Sanders, the current landscape drives them into the DRAxis meat grinder where money and tremendous pressure has successfully co-opted so many well-meaning people before. My choice will be very hard if a non-DRAxis candidate pops up, but the road to reform must be paved with votes to defeat the DRAxis. Nothing less will do. Good people like Ben and Mike who want to support us don't see another path because we have not been paving another path with votes.
The choice I face will be faced by a lot of us. DRAxis will not reverse our falling standard of living because they are supported, elected, and ultimately paid by the wealth. It is our own fault that this has happened. We let them buy our votes with empty promises and slick advertising.
The DRAxis committees, DNC and RNC, are funded by the wealthy. They will continue to support the wealthy gathering ever greater income at our expense. Don't let poverty and want to swallow us slowly. Don't turn away from those already swallowed, because if this decline is not reversed, it will swallow us all.
Let's keep taking the trip to the woodshed, year after year until….
Jimmie Galbreath is a retired Engineer originally from a small family owned dairy farm in Jefferson County, MS. He earned a B.S in Petroleum Engineering from MS State University, accumulating 20 years Nuclear experience at Grand Gulf Nuclear Power Station and Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Station. Along the way he worked as a roustabout on an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico, served 3 years active service as a Quartermaster Officer in the US Army, Supervised brick kilns first in MS than in Atlanta GA and whatever else it took to skin the cat. He now lives on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
Nottinghamshire Police have welcomed a report praising its work to keep people safe and reduce crime.
The Peel: Police Legitimacy 2016 inspection gave the force an overall rating of “good”.
It said: “Nottinghamshire Police continues to ensure its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully, although there are gaps in its vetting processes to ensure designated posts are vetted to a specific standard.
“The force has an ethical culture and the workforce understands what serious corruption is and how to report it.”
The report outlined some areas of improvement for the force, which included improving how it demonstrates it has taken action to improve treatment of all the people it serves and how it communicates the action taken in response to issues identified by the workforce.
In December 2016, HMICFRS recommended that within six months all police forces in England and Wales should develop and begin to implement plans required to seek intelligence on potential abuse of position for a sexual purpose.
Mike Cunningham, who led the inspection, said: “When police officers and police staff abuse their position for a sexual purpose it has a devastating effect on the lives of victims, and corrodes trust and confidence in the police.
“It is of great importance that forces are prepared to seek intelligence on this type of corruption, and when they find it deal with it vigorously and decisively.”
“Following the recommendation in our 2016 report, 17 forces had made progress in developing and implementing plans.
“The majority still have significant work to do to address this critical issue. The importance of public trust in the police cannot be understated.”
HMICFRS will carry out a full inspection of each force's plan next year.
Detective Superintendent Leona Scurr, head of Nottinghamshire Police's professional standards directorate, said: “We are pleased the inspectorate has acknowledged our comprehensive plan in ensuring our workforce behaves ethically and lawfully and how well we tackle the abuse of authority for sexual gain.
“There has been a significant amount of work undertaken in Nottinghamshire to ensure this type of behaviour is swiftly identified and dealt with.
“Where there is still more to do we are dedicated to making progress and look forward to future inspections in order to demonstrate this.”
NLVPD released surveillance stills of two suspects who are wanted for questioning in the homicide investigation of an 18-year-old woman (NLVPD / FOX5).
North Las Vegas Police are piecing together an overnight crime scene where a woman was shot and killed.
Officers were called to University Medical Center shortly after 10 p.m. with reports of an 18-year-old woman, identified by the Clark County Coroner's Office as Abigail Fischl, suffering from a gunshot wound. She was later pronounced deceased. Police said a 24-year-old man took her to the hospital.
An official release said officers were then dispatched to a convenience store near Ann Road and Tropical Parkway where the shooting took place. Citing the investigation, police said Fischl was a passenger in a white Jeep when she was shot.
Police said prior to the shooting, Fischl, and the 24-year-old man came into contact with two unidentified men in the store. Due to this incident, police said they believe this is not a random act of violence.
The NLVPD released surveillance stills of the two suspects who are now wanted for questioning in connection with the shooting.
Police described the suspects as thin men in their early 20's. One suspect had dreadlocks who was last seen wearing khaki pants, a dark sweatshirt, and black shoes. The second suspect wore a dark sweatshirt with gray sweatpants at the time of the incident.
Anyone with information regarding the identity of the suspects is urged to contact the NLVPD at 702-633-9111.
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
× Carjacker uses AK-47 to steal truck in KC, then crashes it trying to escape capture
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A man was taken into custody after crashing a truck he's suspected of carjacking with an AK-47.
The carjacker took the truck at Independence and Bales Monday afternoon, then fled from police to I-70 and Central.
There were no initial reports of injuries.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
What experts predict could be the heaviest storm of the season is heading toward California's Central Coast, and many residents may be wondering how they can prepare their homes and families for a potentially damaging storm.
The storm, which could drop as much as 6 inches of rain on San Luis Obispo County by Thursday, is expected to arrive on Tuesday, with rainfall rates ranging between 0.50 and 0.75 inch per hour in the hardest hit areas.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Here are some tips from PG&E meteorologist John Lindsey and the San Luis Obispo County Office of Emergency Services on how to prepare.
▪ Have battery-operated flashlights and radios ready, along with fresh batteries.
▪ Keep your cellphone charged and have a portable charger handy.
▪ If you have a cordless phone or answering machine that uses electricity, have a standard telephone or cellphone handy as backup.
▪ Freeze plastic containers filled with water to make ice blocks that can be put in the freezer or refrigerator during an outage.
▪ Downed power lines should be considered active. Stay away from them and call 911 to report their location.
▪ If you have a generator, make sure it's installed safely.
▪ If you live in a flood prone area, pickup and install sandbags ahead of time.
▪ Check roof drains to make sure they are clear.
▪ Consider buying a weather alert radio to receive urgent weather messages.
Sandbags can help to prevent flooding in your home. Here are some of the locations in San Luis Obispo County where you can pick up sand (bags can be bought at your local hardware store). Most locations do not provide shovels, so you'll need to bring your own.
▪ City Corp Yard, 25 Prado Road, San Luis Obispo.
▪ Laguna Lake Golf Course, 11175 Los Osos Valley Road, San Luis Obispo.
▪ Sinsheimer Park parking lot, San Luis Obispo.
▪ Santa Rosa Park, San Luis Obispo.
▪ Atascadero Fire Station 1, 6005 Lewis Ave.
▪ Heritage Ranch, CSD Maintenance Yard at 4870 Heritage Road, Paso Robles.
▪ Behind Nipomo Community Service office on West Dana Street.
▪ Old County Road and Florence Street in Templeton.
▪ Oceano Community Service District office on Front Street, 22nd Street and Highway 1.
▪ CA-58 near Wilhelmina Avenue in Santa Margarita.
▪ City of Arroyo Grande Corporation Yard, 1375 Ash St.
▪ City of Grover Beach Corporation Yard, 1150 Farroll Ave.
▪ 13th and Warner streets, and 22nd Street at the Arroyo Grande Creek Bridge in Oceano.
Lafia – Nasarawa state Police command has arrested two persons in connections with a mob action that led to the death of a soldier, Lance Cpl. Ayuba Ali, on Monday in Akwanga, Nasarawa state.
The command's spokesman, DSP Kennedy Idirisu, confirmed the arrest on Monday in Lafia.
Idirisu said that available information revealed the the victim, who was on pass from Maiduguri, allegedly hit a street hawker at Agwan Affi area of the town while riding on a motorbike.
According to him, the victim, who was in mufti, tried to pacify the hawker and an altercation ensued resulting in irate youth beating him to coma.
Idirisu said the soldier later died at the hospital, while investigation has begun to arrest all the perpetrators of the dastardly act.
Meanwhile, Mr. John Abimiku, an eye witness told NAN that the area have been deserted for fear of the unknown.
“As I speak with you now, about four military trucks are stationed in the area and soldiers are picking up any youth on sight, ” Abimiku added.
He claimed that the two persons arrested by the police were amongst those who took the soldier to the hospital after the mob action. (NAN)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Ibeyi, a duo of French-Cuban twin sisters, feature on our list.
It's Valentine's Day. Maybe you're in a relationship and unsure what level of celebration will prove your true and undying commitment. Maybe you're single and you think Valentine's is yet another commercial holiday designed to dupe suckers into buying disposable goods. Either way, we've got you. Our Valentine's playlist — split into two parts, for the lovers and haters — will get you through this day.
FOR THE LOVERS
Grouplove – Tongue Tied
An absolute bop that will get you dancing like no one's around. It's all about that youthful, naive, exhilarating love that seems like it could last forever. Favourite lyric: “I loved you then and I love you now.”
Cage the Elephant – Trouble
First heard on the soundtrack to Edge of Seventeen (a perversely funny coming-of-age film), this track is hazy and romantic in a non-suffocating way.
Favourite lyric: “I said it was love and I did it for life.”
Weaves – Drag Me Down
A spooky and delightfully unrecognisable cover of a One Direction song, this female-led track features on the horror-comedy TV series Crazyhead. Still, it's a hopeful one.
Favourite lyric: “All my life you stood by me, when no one else was ever behind me.”
Ibeyi – Faithful
Ibeyi is a duo of French-Cuban twin sisters and here, they deliver us a sparse, languid tune about what love requires in order to survive.
Favourite lyric: “My heart is set, you are the one for me.”
The Mowgli's – Say It, Just Say It
An uptempo tune, Say It, Just Say It is for someone who hasn't found love but would do anything to.
Favourite lyric: “You make me feel like I've been waiting my whole life, and I could die to find that simple kind of love you can't deny.”
Jagged Edge (feat Run of Run DMC) – Let's Get Married
We're ending with a throwback tune about marriage, because why not? From the year 2000 — a golden era for R'n'B — Jagged Edge get pretty adorable here.
Favourite lyric: “We ain't getting no younger, we might as well do it.”
FOR THE HATERS
The Neighbourhood – Afraid
An aggressive start to our playlist, The Neighbourhood know exactly how to make bitterness sing.
Favourite lyric: “It hurts but I won't fight you. You suck, anyway.”
The 1975 – Loving Someone
The 1975 like to mix social commentary with indie pop, and Loving Someone is no different.
Favourite lyric: “I'm the Greek economy of cashing intellectual cheques.”
The Kooks – Bad Habit
The title says it all — who needs love when you've got your vices? Heavy on the percussions, Bad Habit is funky, smooth and addictive.
Favourite lyric: “Oh man, you know I wish I had it all.”
Melanie Martinez – Cry Baby
The kind of song you'd imagine playing in the background of a bizarre heist.
Favourite lyric: “Your heart's too big for your body, it's why you won't fit inside.”
Olly Murs – You Don't Know Love
This tune somehow manages to be about both a terrible relationship and not realising what you've had until it's gone.
Favourite lyric: “You don't know love ‘til it feels like you died when it's missing.”
Hailee Steinfeld – Love Myself
Self-love on Valentine's Day = crucial. Steinfeld takes a tired cliche and turns into something fresh and fun.
Favourite lyric: “I LOVE ME.”
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A B.C. man has been chosen as a temporary replacement for Captain Obvious—the Hotels.com mascot who appears in the company's commercials.
In July, the hotel booking service posted an online contest to find an interim Captain while the regular actor, Brandon Moynihan, went on vacation.
That's when Ryan Sergerie of Terrace, B.C. posted his audition video to Facebook.
“Hi. I'm Ryan Sergerie and I'd like to show you why I would make the perfect temporary Captain Obvious,” he says in the video, which is shot in the style of Hotels.com's previous ads.
Sergerie, who resembles Moynihan, then raps about why he's the “obvious” choice for the position, before showing off his dance moves for the remainder of the 30-second video.
The clip has been viewed more than 25,000 since it was first posted on July 18.
Hundreds of people have commented congratulating Sergerie.
Sergerie will receive a $1,000 gift card and an all-expense paid trip to Toronto to film a series of commercials for Hotels.com along with two other contest winners.
The Canadian Press
It was an emotional meeting two years in the making.
On Monday morning, Stuart Shwartz, better known as Majic 100 host Stuntman Stu, met his bone marrow donor, the man he credits with saving his life.
“I have never been that nervous in my life,” Stu said about waiting to meet his donor David Levi at the Ottawa Airport. “I've been waiting for this moment for 2 years.”
Stu, also known as the public address announcer for the Ottawa Senators, was first diagnosed with leukemia in February 2016. He was given mere months to find a bone marrow donor and undergo a transplant to help fight the cancer.
That's where David Levi came in.
Levi, who lives half a world away in Israel, was a perfect match for Stu.
The two were connected through an organization called Ezer Mizion, the world's largest Jewish bone marrow donor registry.
Ezer Mizion was also instrumental in making the meeting between Stu and his donor possible.
“To see where I came from to where I am now, it's not even believable, it's like a dream,” Stu said. “The nightmare that I had is over and it's all good now, David is running through me, and the reason I'm alive today.”
As for David, he says he is inspired by the man whose life he helped to save.
“What he's been going through, I don't think I can fight with this if it was me,” David said. “So he's my hero.”
David says he hopes more people will take what he calls the simple step of becoming a donor.
“Go and do it, it's a simple act,” he said. “After a few hours you are at home and you saved life, that's all.”
Both Stu and David's families were on hand for the emotional meeting.
“I feel like I finally have closure to this two-year journey,” said Stu's wife Connie Bernardi. “It's still very surreal I'm not going to lie, think it's going to sink in maybe later tonight. I'm just so happy me and the kids were able to be here, just to see it through Stu's eyes.”
Stu's mother Luba Shwartz was also there.
“Finding out Stuart was able to get a match was the greatest day of my life,” she said. “This generous man gave us back our son, gave him back his life.”
Stuart's father passed away three weeks ago. Luba Shwartz wore her husband's wedding band and a Jewish star of David he wore every day on a chain around her neck.
“He's here, he's watching over Stuart,” she said. “That's what counts.”
Stu's wife says the support from the Ottawa community is something that has helped the family through the difficult days after finding out about his diagnosis.
“We tried to find silver linings every day,” she said. “Don't forget to laugh. Just appreciate everything that you have.”
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The University of Minnesota men's basketball team has added Vanderbilt transfer Payton Willis to its roster, coach Richard Pitino said Tuesday.
Willis is a 6-4, 182-pound guard out of Fayatteville, Ark., who played two seasons at Vanderbilt before leaving the program. Due to NCAA transfer rules, Willis will sit out the 2018-19 season and have two remaining years of eligibility.
“I am extremely excited about the addition of Payton to our team,” Pitino said. “He will provide the size and skill to compete in the Big Ten. He's a terrific addition to our program.”
Willis played in 66 total games for the Commodores and started 16 games. This past season, he averaged 5.1 points and 1.9 rebounds in 18.5 minutes per game. He had three games in double figures. He also averaged 5.2 points in his freshman season.
With his signing, the Gophers have two remaining scholarships for the 2018-19 season. Willis joins incoming freshman Daniel Oturu, Gabe Kalscheur and Jarvis Omersa. Transfer Matz Stockman is also eligible after sitting out last season.
NEW YORK (AP) — The new year at the box office is starting where 2016 left off: with Disney on top.
The “Star Wars” spinoff “Rogue One” led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated $64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend, according to studio estimates Monday. The success of Gareth Edwards' “Rogue One” has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25 percent of the market.
“Rogue One,” which has now grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally, currently slots in as the year's No. 2 movie, following “Finding Dory” (also from Disney). The studio notched four of the five top films and has, in a year marked by franchise struggles, made a routine of churning out well-reviewed, hugely profitable blockbusters.
The weekend pushed the industry to $11.4 billion in ticket sales in 2016, topping the $11.1 billion record set in 2015. The record revenue, propelled primarily by the Disney juggernaut, masks undeniable challenges in the business. Attendance was largely flat. Streaming and television continue to grow as competitors. Some glaring failures (“Suicide Squad”) and flops (“Independence Day: Resurgence”) showed considerable franchise fatigue with audiences. And several studios (Paramount, Sony) endured much leaner years.
But Hollywood's 2017 is starting out with brisk business. In its second week of release, the animated “Sing,” from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment, again came in second with $56.4 million. The poorly reviewed science-fiction romance “Passengers,” starring Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt, came in third with $20.7 million over the four-day weekend. It's made $61.4 million thus far, a somewhat disappointing total for a film that cost north of $100 million to make. Another Disney title, “Moana,” came in fourth with $14.3 million in its sixth weekend.
A pair of Oscar contenders is also packing theaters. Despite playing in more limited release, Damien Chazelle's Los Angeles musical “La La Land” grossed $12.3 million over the four-day weekend. The lead Golden Globe nominee has grossed $37 million and yet is playing in only 750 theaters. (Wider releases play in 3,000-plus theaters.) It's the year's top limited release title.
Denzel Washington's acclaimed August Wilson adaption, “Fences,” also took in $12.7 million over the holiday weekend. Since opening wide on Christmas, the Paramount release has made $32.4 million, making it one of the more lucrative stage-to-screen adaptations in recent years.
Debuting in a handful of theaters was Mike Mills' family drama “20th Century Women,” starring Annette Bening, and Jim Jarmusch's poetic “Paterson,” with Adam Driver. Each drew strong per-theater averages playing on four screens. They joined a large contingent of films in limited release making awards-qualifying bows before expanding in January. Among them: Martin Scorsese's Christian epic “Silence,” the grief-filled fantasy “A Monster Calls,” Peter Berg's Boston Marathon drama “Patriot's Day,” Ben Affleck's crime thriller “Live By Night,” and the 1960s NASA tale “Hidden Figures” (which earned $1.1 million over the weekend in 25 theaters).
In the coming weeks, those films will try to kick-start the box office of 2017. On tap in the new year are new installments from “Guardians of the Galaxy,” ”The Fast and the Furious,” ”Alien” and, of course, “Star Wars” — a new (and yet very familiar) fleet of blockbusters that will hope to drive the industry to even higher revenue records.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Monday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included. Final domestic figures will be released Tuesday.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
A host of Bollywood celebrities wished actor Anushka Sharma and Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli a happy married life as the duo tied the knot in Italy on 11th Dec.
In one of the most-awaited weddings in tinsel town and the playing fields, the two got married in a private event, attended by close family members and friends, at a resort in Tuscany, Italy.
Karan Johar Tweeted.. Filmmaker Karan Johar, who directed Sharma in his last directorial Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, tweeted, "Huge congratulations and tons of love to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli ....beautiful couple and I wish them and their loved ones the best years ahead..." Abhishek Bachchan Wrote.. Actor Abhishek Bachchan took to Twitter and said, "Many congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli on their wedding. God bless and welcome to the club!" Sridevi Too Congratulated The Couple Actor Sridevi tweeted, "Congratulations, may this partnership last forever... God Bless @anushkasharma @viratkohli #VirushkaWEDDING" Richa Chadha Wished The Newlyweds Fukrey star Richa Chadha said, "Congrats guys. Wish you marital bliss, peace and may you continue to smash goals in the face, like @imVkohli smashes tidy 6s. Love." Neha Dhupia's Sweet Message Actor Neha Dhupia wrote, "What a catch @imVkohli ...and what a shot @AnushkaSharma ... happiness , always!" Reception Details Sharma and Kohli, who were married with Hindu wedding rituals, will host a reception in New Delhi on December 21 followed by another bash in Mumbai for their industry friends and cricketers on December 26. Virat & Anushka Dated For Four Years The celebrity couple, who had been dating for four years, were tight-lipped about their wedding plans despite the hype in the media. In October, a newspaper reported that an Italian wedding may be on the cards for the couple.
The rumours intensified after Kohli was rested for the ODI series against Sri Lanka. Sharma and Kohli, both 29, first met on the sets of a commercial. PTI
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has succumbed to his injuries sustained in a crash May 11, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Police said the Clark County Coroner's Office informed the department on Thursday of Edwin Lima's death. His death marked the 51st traffic-related fatality in Metro's jurisdiction in 2018.
Citing witness statements and evidence at the scene, police said Lima was riding a 207 Yamaha motorcycle southbound on Valley View approaching El Camino Avenue. A 2016 Chevrolet Tahoe was traveling northbound on Valley View and stopped in a single left turn lane. As Lima entered the intersection, the Chevrolet turned left into his path and the two collided. Lima overturned with the motorcycle and came to a stop a short distance from the collision.
Lima was taken to University Medical Center at the time with critical injuries. The driver and passengers of the Chevrolet remained a scene.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Hakeem Beamon hasn't been shy about taking visits since he committed to North Carolina in June of 2017 but the Rivals250 defensive end out of Chesterfield (Va.) Lloyd C Bird announced his decommitment today and has a short list of top contenders.
IN HIS OWN WORDS…
"Decommitting has been on my mind for a long time," Beamon said. "Communication played a big part. I was going to do it on spring break but it's been on my mind for the past couple weeks so I figured I might as well do it today.
"I'm going to do some camps and visit some schools," he said. "I'll be at Ohio State for a spring practice on April 1st. I think I'll also be at Alabama for a camp and their spring game on April 21st. These are unofficial visits.
"I'd say that Ohio State, Alabama, Clemson, and South Carolina are my top four right now," said Beamon. "Ohio State has a great track record with their outside linebackers and defensive ends, especially with coach Larry Johnson. I just want to meet him, some of the players, and ask them some questions.
"With Alabama, it's the SEC," he said. "It's the best conference in the country. The program speaks for itself. They produce a lot of great linebackers and defensive linemen. I know they are really competitive there and they are very serious about football. If I was to go down there it wouldn't really change up my lifestyle. All I do train and do school work now so it would be great to be around some guys that are like that too. Plus I like the heat down there.
"With South Carolina, it's pretty much the same thing," Beamon said. "The coaches are saying they really want me to come be with them and to take another visit. I was there a couple weeks ago. They are really building something there. They are in a good conference and those coaches have a good track record.
"Clemson does a good job with defensive linemen and linebackers," he said. "They should be able to develop me well. The coaches want me to be ready because I could play end or they could switch me up to play defensive tackle. I'm working on setting up a visit there next month. I don't have an offer from Clemson yet but they are pretty solid in my top group.
"I'll probably want to commit before the season because I don't want to have to think about all this during the season when I'm also doing football and school," said Beamon. "I'm not sure about official visits."
RIVALS' REACTION…
Beamon's early commitment to North Carolina looked flimsier as time went on and, even though they aren't in his top group, Penn State and Virginia Tech will play a role in his recruitment before all is said and done. Alabama seems like they're in the best spot with Beamon right now but that could all change as he takes more visits. Keep an eye on Beamon's reactions are his stops at Ohio State, Clemson, and South Carolina.
CTV Vancouver
Police say at least one person died following a multi-vehicle crash on Highway 1 in Chilliwack Monday.
This is a developing story. Please tune in to CTV News at 11:30 p.m. or follow us on Twitter for the latest.
The collision occurred in the westbound lanes of the highway near Vedder Road in Chilliwack just before 5 p.m.
Aerial footage from the scene showed that at least three vehicles were involved in the incident, including a white SUV that somehow ended up on top of a smaller car. A pickup truck was also involved in the pileup.
Air ambulances were sent to the scene, but it's unclear how many other people were hurt.
Drive BC warned commuters to expect heavy delays in both directions through the area. Westbound traffic was rerouted and officials urged drivers to proceed with caution.
FLORENCE, Ky. (AP) — The young man accused of plowing a car into a crowd of people protesting a white supremacist rally was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, a former high school teacher said Sunday.
James Alex Fields Jr. also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press.
In high school, Fields was an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Weimer, who said he was Fields' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, in Fields' junior and senior years.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy towards Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Police charged Fields with second-degree murder and other counts for allegedly driving his silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, killing a 32-year-old woman and wounding at least 19 other people. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
The 20-year-old Fields had been photographed hours earlier carrying the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that organized the “take America back” campaign in protest of the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect, even as a separate hate group that organized Saturday's rally pledged on social media to organize future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when he was in 9th grade for his political beliefs and “deeply held, radical” convictions on race and Nazism.
“It was a known issue,” he said.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to join the army, and Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help him dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army.
“The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015, said Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson. “He was, however, released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015,” she said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the AP late Saturday that she knew her son was going to Virginia for a political rally, but she had no idea it involved white supremacists.
“I just told him to be careful,” she said, adding she warned him that if there were protests “to make sure he's doing it peacefully.”
“I thought it had something to do with Trump. Trump's not a white supremacist,” said Bloom, speaking from the condominium in Maumee, Ohio, where she had lived with her son until he moved out a few months ago.
In photos taken before the rally, Fields was shown standing Saturday with a half-dozen other men, all wearing the Vanguard America uniform of khakis and white polo shirts. The men held white shields with Vanguard America's black-and-white logo of two crossed axes. The Confederate statue of Robert E. Lee was in the background.
The photo was taken about 10:30 a.m. Saturday just hours before authorities say Fields crashed his car into the crowd at 1:42 p.m. The Anti-Defamation League says Vanguard America believes the U.S. is an exclusively white nation, and uses propaganda to recruit young white men online and on college campuses.
In a Twitter post, the group said it had handed out the shields “to anyone in attendance who wanted them,” and denied Fields was a member. “All our members are safe an (sic) accounted for, with no arrests or charges.”
In blog posts after the violence, the Daily Stormer, a leading white nationalist website that promoted the Charlottesville event, pledged to hold more events “soon.”
“We are going to start doing this nonstop,” the post said. “We are going to go bigger than Charlottesville. We are going to go huge.”
Saturday's chaos erupted as neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white supremacist groups arrived for the rally. Counter-protesters were also on hand, and the two sides clashed, with people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and unleashing chemical sprays. Officials have not provided a crowd estimate but it appeared to number well over 1,000.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency, police in riot gear ordered people out of the streets, and helicopters circled overhead. Then, as the counter-protesters marched a few blocks from the statue, the Dodge Challenger tore into the crowd, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer as she was crossing the street.
Hours later, the helicopter crashed, killing two state police troopers, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, and Berke M.M. Bates, one day shy of his 41st birthday.
Trump criticized the violence in a tweet Saturday, followed by a news conference and a call for “a swift restoration of law and order.”
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” he said.
The “on many sides” ending of his statement drew the ire of his critics, who said he failed to specifically denounce white supremacy and equated those who came to protest racism with the white supremacists.
Trump “needs to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists, McAuliffe told reporters at the First Baptist Church in Charlottesville on Sunday. “They are Nazis and they are here to hurt American citizens, and he needs to call them out for what they are, no question.”
By Gabriel Enogholase
BENIN—A 64-year-old man, Daniel Idemudia, has been arrested by National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, in Egor Local Government Area, Edo State, with over 280 bags of Indian hemp found inside the ceiling of his house.
On his arrest, Idemudia reportedly admitted knowledge of the exhibits, saying “a friend of mine kept the cannabis inside the ceiling of my house. The house was built by my son, who resides in Europe.”
The suspect, who will soon appear in court, said his friend promised to reward him after selling the drugs.
Idemudia's arrest was disclosed in a statement in Benin by the Commander of the NDLEA, Mr. Buba Wakawa, on the discovery of two warehouses filled with India hemp discovered by the Edo State Command of the agency in Egor Local Government and Ugwella-Gidi in Ovia South-West Local Government.
While over 280 bags of the illicit drug was discovered by the agency in Egor, 245 bags were seen at the warehouse in Ovia South-West local government.
Wakawa said following the discovery, a 64-year-old man identified as Daniel Idemudia was arrested by the agency at the warehouse in Egor.
He said: “The seizures were made based on intelligence report received by the command.
“The first warehouse is a residential house located behind Tipper Garage, Egor, where 280 sacks of the dried weeds weighing 4,200kg were stocked.
“We were shocked to discover 280 sacks of dried weeds suspected to be cannabis sativa all hidden inside the ceiling of the building.
“This discovery will serve as a warning to others that their warehouses will be discovered and the drugs seized.
“The 245 sacks of dried weeds weighing 1,450kgs were recovered at the second warehouse located at Ugwella-Gidi village, Ovia South West Local Government Area.”
(WSVN) - If you are a fan of the bead-like silver sprinkles that tend to make an appearance every holiday season, the Food and Drug Administration says you may want to think twice.
According to the FDA, the sprinkles, which are officially called “silver dragées,” are meant to be used for decorative purposes only and are not intended to be eaten.
The FDA says the beads contain silver, which is an unsafe color additive. As a result, the agency determined that the beads are not actual food items.
But their warning is nothing new: the agency issued their original determination on the beads back in the 70s. That hasn't stopped most bakers, amateur and professional alike, from using the sprinkles, especially around the holiday season.
According to the Baker's Kitchen, the dragees have a sugar center which is what gives them their sweet taste, but it's the metal coating that makes them inedible. While they are safe to use for decorating food, the beads should be removed before consumption.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for his transfer to Canada directly to the state's governor when he visits Toronto later this month.
In a letter to Gov. Rick Scott, Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask him personally to sign off on allowing their son, William Russell (Russ) Davies, to serve out his sentence in Canada.
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October, where the Davies are hoping they, or a friend of theirs, will be able to catch his attention.
"We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home," the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press. "We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that his transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida."
Russ Davies, 49, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach, Fla. Two years later, a jury convicted him of first-degree murder.
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies' trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham. The state's key witness — one of his five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime.
In addition, his public defender Carmen Corrente, now an assistant attorney general, made numerous mistakes at trial, some of which he admitted at the time.
Russ Davies, who has always denied firing the fatal shot, has long sought a transfer to serve out his sentence in Canada. Despite Canada's formal willingness to take him back, Florida has steadfastly refused to let him leave — and he remains in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole.
His parents, who used to visit him in prison in the Sunshine State, are no longer able to do so due to poor health.
"Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of his sentence," their letter states. "We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime."
Scott's office has not responded to a request for comment, but has previously said only that Davies' transfer request was under consideration.
In an interview Friday, Carol Davies, 74, said she's unsure whether her health will allow her to travel to Toronto from eastern Ontario to try to talk to Scott, but she knows what she would say:
"Why can't you bring him back?" Davies said she would ask the governor. "Why are you keeping him? There's no reason that kid should still be there."
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
Eddie Sefko, Mavericks beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered your questions about the team in a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
What if Steve Nash and Dirk played their entire career together in Dallas? How many championships do you think they would have won?
Sefko: This probably isn't the answer you want to hear, but it might have been none. Remember that the exit of Nash to Phoenix in 2004 opened up the lane for Jason Terry to join the franchise. And while Nash and Dirk had a great chemistry, there was something about the symbiotic relationship Terry and Nowitzki had that made it work.
They fed well off each other and made two NBA finals together, winning one. That's a hard thing to do for a team that had only one true superstar. Remember, Nash had some really good company in Phoenix and never got to the finals, losing in the West finals to the Spurs and Mavericks in his first two seasons.
Recent mock drafts has the mavs picking Jaren Jackson over Marvin Bagley III if they pick third. Can you see them picking someone like him that is more defensive-minded then offensive?
Sefko: It's still a little early in the process to be ranking the top few players, but both Bagley and Jackson are going to go in the top five, in my opinion. And I would never discount the lure of Luka Doncic. Mavericks like him. But so does everybody else, too. All things being equal, I'd go with a guy with a chance to be a proven scorer. The NBA is geared toward offense these days and we know Rick Carlisle loves gifted playmakers.
Higher upside: Dennis Smith Jr. or De'Aaron Fox?
Sefko: Both of them have great potential. It's easy for me to like Smith's future better because I had the benefit of watching him every day this season. The guy has the goods. And he's not a knucklehead, which helps everything.
I can't say for certain the same thing about Fox, although I've heard nothing but complimentary things from the Kings about him. I think you will see both of them among the top 10 point guards in the league in a couple years, but again, it's hard for me to pick anybody over Smith among those rookie point guards (and no, I'm not including Simmons in that bunch, only the ones drafted in 2017).
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
Bins in the Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon council area which were not collected on Friday due to the snowy weather will be lifted today (Monday) and tomorrow.
Most brown bin collections will also take place today. However, in a small number of cases, the contents are frozen and these bins will be collected on Saturday, December 23.
Bryson Recycling collections, in the Armagh area, will take place as normal today.
Boxes and caddies not collected on December 8 will be collected this Friday, December 15. Surplus waste will also be collected providing it is sorted and placed in separate overflow bags, Glass must be placed in the box as normal.
Cliven Bundy and some of his co-conspirators want next week's trial stemming from an armed standoff at Bundy's Nevada ranch to be moved from Las Vegas to Reno.
Lawyers for Bundy, his son, Ammon, and others filed motions in federal court this week arguing they can't get a fair trial in the aftermath of the mass killing in Las Vegas.
Jury selection is scheduled to begin Tuesday on multiple charges accusing Cliven Bundy, his two sons and four others of enlisting a self-styled militia to prevent federal agents from removing Bundy's cattle from federal land.
Ammon Bundy's lawyer said in the newest filing Friday if the case cannot be moved, it should be postponed.
A lawyer for another defendant, Pete Santilli of Cincinnati, says they're trying to negotiate a deal where he'd plead guilty to a single felony count.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
QUINCY, Mass. — A court clerk's oversight that allowed the release of a rape suspect who later fled the country was the result of a “mistake” and was not evidence of a systemic problem, the chief justice of the highest court in Massachusetts said Monday.
Frederick Amfo, an Uber driver charged with raping a passenger, was released on bail without being required to surrender his passport because of “confusion” in the Quincy District Court clerk's office, Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice Ralph Gants told The Patriot Ledger.
Gants met with court staff Monday as part of a previously scheduled visit.
Amfo, 30, posted $10,000 bail after pleading not guilty at his arraignment on April 13 and was given 24 hours to surrender his passport, but instead fled to his native Ghana, court officials have said.
It appears an employee in the clerk's office confused the protocol for people who are released on personal recognizance with the protocol for people who are required to post bail, Gants said.
The state's court system has since clarified the protocols.
“It was a mistake that was made, so we wanted to make sure there was clarification,” Gants said.
Amfo was charged with raping a woman on April 8 as he drove her from Quincy to her home in Weymouth.
That woman, who has spoken publicly about the case, has called for a formal investigation into bail procedures.
Massachusetts law enforcement agencies say they are working to bring Amfo back to the U.S.
KILL DEVIL HILLS, NC (AP) — Dogs will have free rein for a longer period of time on the beach in Kill Devil Hills this year.
The Virginian-Pilot of Norfolk, Virginia, reports (http://bit.ly/2iVkrjG) dogs will be allowed to play on the beach all hours of the day in the offseason months between Labor Day and Memorial Day. Restrictions remain during the summer months between the two holidays.
Dogs will be allowed on the beach only on a leash after 6 p.m. and before 9 a.m. during the three months of peak tourism season.
Some 115 dog owners and others signed a petition hoping to get the restrictions lifted or reduced. Commissioners settled on a compromise last month.
___
Information from: The Virginian-Pilot, http://pilotonline.com
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Minors won't be able to buy some cough syrup brands over the counter as a new law to curb youth substance abuse took effect.
The News-Journal reports Senate Bill 938 took effect Monday. It's a measure prohibiting manufacturers, distributors and retailers from selling medicines containing dextromethorphan to those under 18, and requiring anyone who appears under the age of 25 to provide identification upon checkout.
Related: New Florida law will prevent teens from buying cough medicine
The ingredient is a cough suppressant, and is used in many over-the-counter medicines, but has been misused particularly by young people aiming to get high.
Former State Rep. Doug Broxson, who will take office this week as state Senator, sponsored the bill after hearing about the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's issues with the ingredient, particularly as it related to deaths of minors.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following his untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives he had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Winners have emerged in the PAL Pensions Art and Essay competition as part of the company's bid to support financial literacy. A statement obtained from the firm said entries for the competition came from 200 secondary schools nationwide and that it was part of the company's corporate social responsibility, aimed at creating the necessary foundation […]
The post PAL promotes pension culture appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones (second from right) visits with his son Stephen Jones (right) in the War Room before the NFL Draft gets underway at Valley Ranch Thursday, April 28, 2016. Head coach Jason Garrett (left) and Charlotte Jones Anderson are also seen at the head of the table as the Cowboys have the No. 4 pick. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Dane Brugler, senior NFL draft analyst for NFLDraftScout.com, answered your questions on the upcoming draft and the Cowboys during a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
What is the biggest downside the Cowboys could face if they moved up?
Brugler: Let's use the last time the Cowboys traded up in the first round as an example. In the 2012 NFL Draft, Dallas parted with a second round pick to go up for Morris Claiborne. The practical application of trading up is risky enough because you need to give up something of value to get something of value. The Cowboys swapped first rounders and traded the No. 45 overall pick (Alshon Jeffery, Mychal Kendricks and Bobby Wagner were picks 45, 46, 47 that year). Trading up is a bold move that could pay off if you hit. But it can be disastrous if you miss on the player you trade up for. If Dallas traded up and drafted Luke Kuechly (went No. 9 overall that year), then the trade is viewed as a success. Not only did Claiborne not live up to being the No. 6 overall pick, but there was added hurt because of the cost. Basically, you better be confident in what you're trading up for, but regardless, there is always a chance a player busts.
Is DE a bigger need than people realize? D-Lawrence could play his way out of Dallas if an extension is too expensive like Hitchens...
Brugler: Pass rush is always a need. No team in NFL history has ever said "I think we're good at pass rusher." You hope Taco Charlton takes a substantial step forward in year two, but Demarcus Lawrence and the Cowboys aren't speaking the same language in contract extension talks. If Lawrence posts another 14.0+ sack season in 2018 then it will be very, very difficult to re-sign him at the numbers he will want. If Lawrence takes a step back in production in 2018, do you want to re-sign him for a lesser, but still lucrative contract? Because of all the uncertainty surrounding Lawrence's future, pass rusher is absolutely one of the needs on this team. Defensive end is part of the 5-6 positions in play with the No. 19 pick, specifically Boston College's Harold Landry.
Land Rover is expected to finally show off the new Defender sometime this year as part of the brand's 70th anniversary celebration. But there is already talk about adding more variants, one of those being a pickup.
Autocar reports that Land Rover will launch this model in 2020 to go up against the likes of the Mercedes-Benz X-Class, Toyota HiLux, and others. Unlike most trucks that offer a range of cab styles, the Defender pickup will only be offered as a regular cab. This is due to the Defender's unibody structure as it is easier to adapt a regular cab layout then a crew cab. Engines are expected to be 2.0L gas and diesel engines from Jaguar Land Rover's Ingenium family.
Land Rover is expected to offer a wide range of specifications from a spartan work truck to a very luxurious to take on the X-Class. The model is expected to be sold in Europe, Africa, South America, and the U.S. The last one is interesting as the majority of pickups sold in the U.S. tend to be extended or crew cabs, which could hurt the Defender pickup if it arrives.
Source: Autocar
Pankhuri
A day ago, Pankhuri shared a picture and wrote, "Hello, you missed your countdown post! You'll have to do two today I guess! #lol #3 #letsdocloseups #waterandice."
Gautam & Pankhuri Engaged
Regarding Pankhuri, Gautam had told BT, "I feel lucky to have found a life partner like her. We share the same wavelength and she has fit into my family perfectly."
Pankhuri Says...
The actress told, "We have taken the first step. The families have wholeheartedly welcomed our union. In Gautam, I have found the answer to all my dreams. I'm eagerly looking forward to the most important phase of my life."
Suryaputra Karn Actors
For the uninitiated, Gautam and Pankhuri met each other on the sets of Sony TV's Suryaputra Karn. Gautam played the role of Karna, while Pankhuri was seen portrayed the role of Draupadi.
Gautam & Pankhuri's Wedding Will Be A Grand Affair!
Although the couple's age difference had initially become a matter of concern for both their parents, they eventually agreed to the match. Apparently, the wedding will be a grand North Indian affair.
An tragic incident at the Sun Dial Restaurant in Atlanta has left one family experiencing unimaginable grief. The restaurant, which sits on the 72nd floor of the Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel, has a rotating floor that offers customers a panoramic view of the city.
According to police, Charlie Holt, 5, ventured away from his family's table and got stuck in between the wall and a table as the floor was rotating. “His whole body was caught between maybe four to five inches of space. His head took the brunt of the injury,” said Atlanta police Sgt. Warren Pickard. The floor shut off automatically.
The Westin security staff and employees dislodged Holt and he was rushed to the hospital with head trauma injuries. He eventually died.
#DEVELOPING: A little boy dies after getting stuck in rotator @SunDialATL + tonight we're told OSHA is now investigating. Stay w/@wsbtv. pic.twitter.com/R3MRYcybLh — Nefertiti Jáquez (@NefertitiWSB) April 15, 2017
His family released a statement reading, “The family asks for prayers and privacy right now to come to terms with this tragedy. No words can express their loss. If you have a loved one, please give them an extra hug today.”
Holt and his parents were visiting from Charlotte. They only came to the Sun Dial for lunch since they were staying at another hotel. “We know they were the last customers for the lunch crowd, and it's just very tragic,” Pickard said.
The restaurant has since closed until further notice. The hotel manager, George Reed, released a statement saying, “There was a tragic accident at the hotel involving a young boy. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.” He continued, “As soon as we learned of the accident, we immediately responded until emergency personnel arrived. We are working with the authorities as they look into this tragic accident and we will continue to assist them in any way we can. Words cannot express the depths of our sorrow. Our thoughts remain with the family.”
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
To handle simple material handling tasks in automated workcells, engineers typically opt for linear axes. However, assembling multiple linear axes into a Cartesian motion system can be a time-consuming process. You must connect each module to the next one, assembling subcomponents as you go, then wire each module, connect each axis to an external controller, and finally program the system.
That might do the job for some applications, but there might be a better option. Epson Robots has just released the new T3 all-in-one
SCARA robot with a built-in controller that promises to make setup and deployment faster, easier and less expensive than multiple linear axes.
Thank You Meet
Bharat Ane Nenu team members got together for a media interaction which was tagged as CM Bharat's Thank You Meet. It was attended by all the major cast & crew members of Bharat Ane Nenu. Mahesh Babu, actress Kiara Advani, film-maker Koratala Siva, actor Brahmaji, producer DVV Danayya, music director Devi Sri Prasad & others were present for the Thank-you Meet.
Mahesh Babu
Mahesh Babu is back to the league of blockbusters with Bharat Ane Nenu. While speaking at the function, Mahesh Babu stated that the past two years were indeed stressful and now he is relieved. The actor thanked one and all for the success and the positive reviews that the film has been receiving.
Mahesh Babu About Koratala Siva
Mahesh Babu also had humbling words for Koratala Siva, the director of the movie. He remembered the film Srimanthudu, which marked their first collaboration. Mahesh Babu also added that he went through a similar phase before the release of Srimanthudu but the film later went on to become a big blockbuster and he has repeated the same.
Kiara Advani
Kiara Adani, who has made her debut in Tollywood with this movie was also a part of the function. She stated that it's truly grateful to be a part of a film like Bharat Ane Nenu.
About Mahesh Babu, the actress stated that it's always a treat to work with an actor like him. The actress added that the energy and passion of Mahesh Babu has inspired a newcomer like her a lot.
Mahesh Babu On Twitter
Earlier, Mahesh Babu had sent out a series of Tweets upon the positive reports that the film has been receiving. One of the tweets was read as "Feeling blessed ... Glad I fulfilled the promise of making all of you proud. Thank you @sivakoratala sir for Bharat Ane Nenu. The Success of the film is a victory for all of us and for good cinema above all. Congratulations to my entire team. 😊😊"- (sic)
Darrell Dickey celebrates with fans during a timeout period at Apogee Stadium. He is honored during the timeout period., Saturday, November 11, 2017, in Denton, Texas, Jeff Woo/DRC
Jimbo Fisher has his first offensive coordinator at Texas A&M, according to a report.
The Aggies will hire Memphis offensive coordinator Darrell Dickey for the same role in College Station, according to Zach Barnett at FootballScoop. The report says the announcement is expected in the next 24 hours.
The report contradicts multiple others about where the Aggies stood on hiring an offensive coordinator.
Dickey's name may ring a bell because he was the coach at North Texas from 1998-2006.
He's been Memphis' OC the last six seasons. This season his unit ranked second in the nation in points per game and fourth in total offense and yards per play.
The move is a homecoming of sorts as Dickey got his start in coaching as a Texas A&M graduate assistant under Jackie Sherrill.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A permanent travellers caravan site could be built close to Derby on farmland.
The plans for the land, which sits between two Derbyshire villages, have been submitted to South Derbyshire District Council.
The proposals involve creating the site on a triangular piece of agricultural land off Shardlow Road, between the villages of Aston-on-Trent and Shardlow, near Derby.
According to the application from Matthew O'Brien the site would accommodate six traveller families. Each one would have a pitch capable of accommodating two caravans.
The proposals also includes the siting of an amenity building containing kitchen, laundry and bathroom facilities, together with a dining/sitting area. Another building would also be constructed providing toilets and showers.
The plans would see the caravan pitches arranged along the south-east side of the site. An area would be left undeveloped for the grazing of horses.
According to planning documents submitted to the district council, on behalf of the applicant, Philip Brown Associates said that the site was an appropriate location for a traveller site.
It says that the council only seeks to "very strictly control" traveller sites when they are "away from settlements". That's to ensure access to schools and amenities.
The application adds: “This term has been subject to interpretation in numerous appeals over the past five years and inspectors have accepted that sites more than 800 metres outside existing settlements are not 'away from' those settlements.
“In this case, the site is only 600 metres from the settlement of Aston-on-Trent and, as such, the site is not isolated or away from settlements.”
The application said that although there would be some visual impact, the caravans on the site would be “relatively well screened”.
It said: “Some degree of visual impact must be accepted and, if an adequate supply of gypsy sites is to be provided, some degree of visual harm must be acceptable.
“Development on the application site, whilst not hidden, would be relatively well screened with only glimpsed views of caravans available at relatively short range from Shardlow Road.
“The proposed development is capable of being assimilated into its rural surroundings and would not cause unacceptable harm to the character and appearance of the surrounding area.”
The application also argues that there is a need for such a site claiming that there is a “significant unmet need” in South Derbyshire for additional gypsy pitches.
A decision on the plans by the district council is expected in November.
By Gbenga Oke
Director-General of Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA, Dr. Dakuku Peterside, yesterday, said Nigerian maritime sector has the capacity to catalyze the country's economic growth.
He also said the agency will not rest until it realises its dream of building a robust maritime sector that will substantially contribute to the country's Gross Domestic Product, GDP.
He added that the agency had not only contributed to the economic development of the country but has created employment opportunities for the people.
Peterside spoke when City People Media Group bestowed an “Award of Excellence Leadership in Public Service” on him, adding that NIMASA was actualising its mandate of repositioning the maritime sector.
His words: “This award means a whole lot because it shows that Nigerians acknowledge the efforts that we are making to ensure a cleaner ocean for safe and secure shipping.
“Also, this will spur us to keep doing our best so as to have a robust maritime sector capable of catalyzing and impacting the growth and development of the economy.
“In the last two years, the agency, for the first time, has been able to put over 250 cadets onboard ocean-going vessel to do sea time training, making our graduates employable and has also been able to make substantial contribution to Consolidated Revenue Fund, CRF, even as a regulatory agency.
“We have also gone further to release the Maritime Industry Forecast, which will serve as a compass to investors for 2018 and 2019.
“Today, the whole country appreciates the fact that we are making a difference in the maritime space. We are not only contributing to the economic development of the country, we are also creating employment for our people and we are giving people opportunities they will remember for a lifetime.”
Somali soldiers end bloody restaurant siege by extremists
hello
In this image taken from video footage, an ambulance is seen near the scene of an attack in a restaurant in Mogadishu, Somalia, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Gunmen posing as military forces were holding an unknown number of hostages inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital in an attack that began when a car bomb exploded at the gate, police and a witness said Wednesday night, while the extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility. Associated Press
In this image taken from video footage, a wounded man is evacuated from the scene of a blast in a restaurant in Mogadishu, Somalia, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Gunmen posing as military forces were holding an unknown number of hostages inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital in an attack that began when a car bomb exploded at the gate, police and a witness said Wednesday night, while the extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility. Associated Press
MOGADISHU, Somalia -- Somalia's security forces early Thursday morning ended a night-long siege by al-Shabab Islamic extremists at a popular Mogadishu restaurant.
Survivors of the attack were led by soldiers from the Pizza House restaurant building. The injured were taken by ambulances.
Soldiers surrounded the restaurant building and used guns mounted on the backs of vehicles to neutralize the militants. Troops entered the ground floor while the insurgent snipers held positions upstairs.
All five attackers were killed and after dawn the soldiers secured the building, said senior Somali police office Capt. Mohamed Hussein. The troops' efforts to take control of the Pizza House restaurant were slowed by the darkness of night, forcing them to wait until morning, said Hussein.
The roofs were blown off the Pizza House restaurant and nearby buildings from the powerful blasts.
High casualties are feared in the attack on the busy restaurant. The bodies of five girls thought to have been killed by the militants were found in the restaurant, said police. Inside the building, the body of a Syrian man who worked as a chef at restaurant lay near the rubble of a blood-spattered and bullet-marked wall.
In this undated handout photo provided by Jeopardy Productions, Inc., Austin Rogers waves during a taping of "Jeopardy!" in Culver City, Calif. Rogers, a New York City bartender, extended his run of wins to eight on the show that aired Oct. 5, 2017, and boosted his total winnings to more than $300,000. Rogers' on-screen antics are winning him a cult following. (Jeopardy Productions, Inc. via AP)
Related View Larger FILE - In this Jan. 13, 2011, file photo, Alex Trebek, host of the 'Jeopardy!' quiz show, speaks to an audience of primarily media about an upcoming 'Jeopardy!' show featuring IBM's 'Watson' in Yorktown Heights, N.Y. New York City bartender Austin Rogers extended his run of wins to eight on the show that aired Oct. 5, 2017, and boosted his total winnings to more than $300,000. Rogers' on-screen antics are winning him a cult following.
The Associated Press
Marvin Bagley, who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster, will be announcing where he will play his college basketball on Monday night.
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017, it's so he can get into the 2018 NBA Draft, whether or not he's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision.
Here, we're going to talk impact.
What will Bagley's commitment mean for the three schools* still in the mix?
*(At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native. Bagley only visited Duke, USC and UCLA this past month, Arizona doesn't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip. If he does shock the world and pick the Wildcats, they will quite clearly be the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June.)
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix, Duke — who are, as of this posting, my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Given the way that last season went, that may not go over all that well, but there's a valid argument: The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley, Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class, according to 247 Sports composite rankings, and another who would be the No. 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr. They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval. Grayson Allen, the lone returnee from last year's team, is finally healthy, according to Mike Krzyzewski, and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player.
Youth would be a major issue, as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier.
But the talent there in undeniable, and unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval is a playmaker at the point, although he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard', while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle his own on the block.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils don't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end.
Which is why I think his arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender, if not the favorite to win the whole thing.
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA. Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit, particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season?
That would be a helluva statement to make.
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation's preseason No. 1 team. They're already loaded, particularly in the front court. Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons, and with the addition of Bagley, one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench. My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays. They want to run the floor, they want to space the court, they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry, and I think that Bagley's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than his ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright.
Regardless, that front court, which is already one of the best in the country, would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley.
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin, Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton, Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron, you're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play.
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here.
For starters, they are an Under Armour school, and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years. That's not a dealbreaker, but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program, particularly with the one son (LiAngelo) every is already concerned about on the roster, it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely.
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin., he would be a season-changing recruit. UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack. Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though he may not even be the best point guard on UCLA's roster for this season; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday. Throw in Kris Wilkes, Chris Smith, Prince Ali and Ball, and there are a ton of guard options here.
What they lack, however, is a proven four, someone who can play the role that T.J. Leaf played last season. Bagley can, and at a much higher level. That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G. Goloman to swallow, but Bagley's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing.
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season. With Bagley, they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OLATHE, Kan. -- A second man pleaded guilty on Thursday to raping and kidnapping a Johnson County Sheriff's deputy in 2016.
Brady Newman-Caddell is facing charges including aggravated kidnapping, two counts of rape, and aggravated criminal sodomy.
According to police, Newman-Caddell and William Luth abducted the deputy as she was heading into work at the Johnson County Detention Center. They drove her away, took turns raping her, and eventually dropped her off near a Sheriff's Office in Lee's Summit.
Johnson County District Attorney Stephen Howe said before the rape, cell phone records show William Luth texted Newmann-Caddell saying, "she isn't going to see you, I'll knock her out."
Howe went on to to say that at one point during the sexual assault, Newman-Caddell, "told Mr. Luth to stop because he was hurting her."
Newman-Cadell, who was driving the car during the first attack, switched with Luth and also raped the victim.
"After the sexual assault, he whispered to her that he would get her out of this and he would be okay," Stephen Howe said in court Thursday.
Back in February, William Luth was sentenced to 41 years and three months for the rape and kidnapping. He also pleaded guilty.
Luth received a sentence that was about double the standard penalty for rape, because of how violent the crime was. The district attorney said they won't ask for any less time for Newman-Caddell than they did for Luth. Because of that, Newman-Caddell is entitled to have a jury determine if he is guilty, and if the factors are there to enhance his sentence. That will all happen October 15th.
Newman-Caddell and Luth are both charged in another rape from 2016 in Independence.
The idea that the vagina is self-cleaning is a little misleading, because when you hear "vagina," plenty of people tend to think that means everything down there. But the vulva — AKA the external parts of your genitals like your labia — needs some upkeep.
"The skin of the vulva is sensitive and needs the same hygienic attention that we give to our face," says Ross. "From all the urine and sweat and being so close to the anus, it can be very dirty and bacteria can build up. Pimples and acne can be a problem there, too."
All that said, it doesn't take much to properly wash your vulva — in most cases, water and a hand or a washcloth or some gentle soap (we'll get to that in a second) is all you need on the outer area of your genitals. To avoid over-washing, non-fragrant wipes for sensitive skin can be great for anyone looking for a quick touch up after the gym, before seeing a partner, or whenever you have a little buildup (or smegma) you want to clear out, says Ross. But keep in mind that even these can be irritating for some vulvas, so if you notice any discomfort or increased infections down there, just stick with water.
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA – THE Senate has assured that with the level of work carried out so far on the amendment of Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas, NLNG Act, the report would be presented at plenary when the lawmakers resume in September from the annual recess.
Disclosing this to Vanguard Monday, Chairman, Senate Committee on Gas, Senator Bassey Albert Akpan, PDP, Akwa Ibom North East said that at a meeting of the committee Monday, major areas in the concurrent of the Amendment Act recently being passed by the House of Representatives.
Senator Akpan said, ” The Committee on Gas of the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria is looking into the Concurrent of the NLNG Amendment Act recently passed by the House of Representatives. The committee at its meeting today looked at it and has done a serious work on it to report back to when the Senate resumes September.”
THE House of Representatives had in May passed the NLNG Amendment bill which seeks to make the payment of three percent of annual budget of Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Limited into the coffers of Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, through third reading.
Following the passage of the bill promoted by Leo Ogor, Minority Leader, sought to amend the Nigeria LNG (Fiscal Incentives, Guarantees and Assurances) Act, the House is expected to transmit the bill to the Senate for concurrence.
In the new provision, the Act was amended by adding section 7b to the Principal Act, which provides that “Notwithstanding section 7 or any other provision of this Act, the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Limited shall pay 3% of its total annual budget to the Niger Delta Development Commission Fund as required by section 14 subsection 1 and 2b of the NDDC Act establishment Act, 2000.
Also recall that the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas Company, NLNG, Limited, had taken its battle against amendment of NLNG Act by the House of Representatives to the Senate.
The essence of the interface with the Senate is to get the House of Representatives to reverse the amendment.
The move, which was supported by the shareholders of the company, such as the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC; Shell Petroleum Development Company Limited, Total Exploration and Producing Company and Agip, was however based on the need to remove huddles capable of hindering the implementation of the nation's $25 billion trains seven and eight project.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A shopper has been banned from every branch of Asda in the country after a row over £2.
The supermarket giant has banned customer Mulkh Chumber after he tried to buy 10 bottles of a fabric conditioner at a price he saw in a newspaper advert.
The 53-year-old refused to leave a branch of Asda when he argued that he should only pay £1 instead of £3 per bottle, as stated in the advert.
He said he had seen an advert stating that the price of the product had been reduced by £2, reports StokeonTrentLive.
The newsagent went to the branch in Wolstanton, in Staffordshire, to snap up 10 bottles of Comfort Creations after an advert revealed the item was slashed from £3 to £1.
But he was left stunned when he got to the checkout - and was told the advert was wrong.
He was told the product had only been reduced to £2 - and Asda called in police when Mr Chumber refused to leave the store.
Staffordshire Police have revealed they are not taking any action against the customer.
Mr Chumber, of Basford, spotted the advert in a national newspaper.
He said: “I went to the customer service desk and told one of the workers about this issue and was told they were £2. I showed her the advert, which stated they were £1, and she said it was subject to availability, even though the shelves were full.
“Then I was told it was selected stores only. But they could not tell me where the offer was available and I was told I would have to put them back.
“I said I didn't go to the store to waste my time putting the items in the trolley and then putting them back - and then I've wasted petrol going to the store and back.
"The Asda staff called security and they told me they would call the police if I did not leave. I did not leave, the police arrived and I spent half-an-hour with the police explaining the situation."
He added: “Asda security staff handed me a letter saying I am banned from every single Asda in the UK and I was shocked. It is not fair. If something is advertised at a certain price then you should give it to the customer at that price.
"I used to go to Asda three or four times a week and have never had any problems before. I can do without them and go to Morrisons instead.”
Police said they were called to Wolstanton Retail Park at 11.55am on June 15.
A police spokesman said: "We were called to reports of a man being abusive to staff. The man, in his 50s, was spoken to by officers at the supermarket."
Asda has confirmed Mulkh's ban remains in place.
On Mulkh's ban, an Asda spokesman said: “We would have honoured the advertised deal but do not tolerate abusive behaviour towards colleagues.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
A man died Sunday when a two-car Great Western train hit a semitrailer hauling fracking water at a railroad crossing in northwest Greeley.
Lt. Rick Cudworth with the Greeley Fire Department said the train was headed east at about 3:15 p.m. at the crossing near 59th Avenue and O Street when the train made contact with the semi. The semi rolled into a ditch.
Ruth Pacheco and her husband, Claro, saw people running toward the track as they were driving, she said. Then they saw the train backing up and noticed the semi. It was a crumpled heap and its wheels stuck up toward the sky. They stopped to try and help, she said.
Firefighters soon arrived to try and extricate the man trapped inside the semi truck. The man, whose identity will be released after the coroner notifies his next of kin, died. No one in the train was injured, Cudworth said.
By 5 p.m., O Street remained closed, Cudworth said.
Greeley Police Lt. Scott Smith said the investigation is ongoing.
Recommended Stories For You
"We haven't had a train- versus-vehicle crash in quite a while," Smith said. "They don't seem to be that common."
The man is the 48th person to die so far this year on Weld County roads. Through this date last year, 54 people had died.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Independent Vermont U.S. senator and former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is calling for a radical transformation of the Democratic Party.
Sanders and Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez launched a cross-country tour together Monday in Maine, where Sanders won the Democratic presidential caucuses. The 10-day tour will take them from Portland to Nevada.
Sanders says the Democratic Party must stop ignoring half the nation's states and take on corporate greed on behalf of the working class.
Perez urges attendees to resist Republican President Donald Trump by winning seats in Congress, statehouses and school boards.
Sanders earned nearly two-thirds of the ballots cast in Maine's Democratic presidential caucuses to beat Hillary Clinton.
Some attendees say it's time to unite the party. Others say they're skeptical of political parties and big money in politics.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and other members of the GOP were attending a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia when a gunman opened fire, wounding Scalise and others. Scalise is the only congressman known to be wounded by the suspect.
More: Congressman Steve Scalise Shot at Alexandria, Virginia, Baseball Field
Here are the lawmakers who were at the practice, according to the latest NBC News reporting:
Rep. Steve Scalise (R-Louisiana)
Rep. Gary Palmer (R-Alabama)
Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-Ohio)
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Arizona)
Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Az., right, hugs another member of the Republican congressional baseball team. Shawn Thew / EPA
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky)
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Alabama)
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (R-Tennessee)
Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas)
Rep. Mark Walker (R-North Carolina)
Rep. Mike Conaway (R-Texas)
Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas)
Rep. Mike Bishop (R-Michigan)
Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Illinois)
Rep. John Moolenaar (R-Michigan)
Rep. Steve Pearce (R-New Mexico)
Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-Georgia)
Rep. Trent Kelly (R-Mississippi)
Kevin Brady (R-Texas)
Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-Florida, left before it happened, but saw from afar)
Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-South Carolina, left before it happened)
Rep. Bill Johnson (R-Ohio, was at practice but left early)
Rep. Patrick Meehan (R-Pennsylvania, left before it happened)
This list will be updated.
NewsOne
Four men reached a $31 million settlement with Chicago for their wrongful conviction, The Chicago Sun Times reported. The so-called “Englewood Four” were teenagers when the police coerced them into confessing to a rape and murder they did not commit.
RELATED: Chicago Prosecutor To Dismiss 18 Convictions
“These were four young men who no way possible they could have committed the crime they were manipulated and coerced into confessing to. They all spent . . . over a decade in prison for something they didn't do. The number is very large, and the magnitude of the injury is very large,” said attorney Locke Bowman, who represents one of the four men.
Ex-prosecutor: Systemic collusion between Chicago police, prosecutors in Englewood Four wrongful conviction case https://t.co/nT9Ks7V84a pic.twitter.com/R3ItbsS4D3 — Chicago Tribune (@chicagotribune) July 21, 2017
Michael Saunders, Vincent Thames, Harold Richardson and Terrill Swift will divide the settlement, which comes six years after they were exonerated by DNA evidence. They were between ages 15 and 18 when the police accused them of strangling Nina Glover, a 30-year-old prostitute, in 1994. Her naked body was found wrapped in a bloody sheet inside a dumpster. The men filed a lawsuit in 2012 that accused a Cook County prosecutor and several Chicago Police detectives of ignoring evidence that pointed to the real killer and chose instead to prosecute the. Detectives used various psychological tactics, that included “deceit, intimidation and threats” to trick the teenagers into confessing, the attorney said.
The Bowman praised former assistant state's attorney Terrence Johnson for “breaking ranks” and confirming the veracity of the Englewood Four's story to federal investigators. “The wagons had been circled and the code of silence was in full force and effect and Terence Johnson spilled the beans,” Bowman stated. Chicago taxpayers have had to foot the bill for police misconduct to the tune of over $500 million in settlement over the past decade.
SOURCE: Chicago Sun Times
SEE ALSO:
Chorus Grows Louder For Sexual Harassment Investigation Of Trump
Black Fox News Host Rebukes David Clarke For Disparaging A Civil Rights Icon
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Our spy has been going out and about for many years, reviewing restaurants, pubs and cafes around Derbyshire.
As many of you like to stay in but eat restaurant-quality food, Secret Service decided to see if takeaway food from this chip shop in the Derbyshire village of Heage - which boasts an adjoining pub - was up to scratch.
What is it?
The Chippy, in Heage, reopened a few months ago under new management. As well as chips, this takeaway also serves kebabs, burgers and fried chicken. They have a good value kids' menu and there is an adjoining pub, The Windmill, where you can enjoy a pint while you wait for your food. The pub can be accessed via a door inside the chip shop.
Where is it?
211 Park Road, Heage DE56 2AB.
Do they deliver?
No. You can order on the phone and collect, though.
How did you place your order and how long did it take?
Secret Service placed the order over the phone. The person answering was very helpful and told me that my food would take around 20 minutes to cook. The Chippy can be contacted on 01773 850404.
What did you order?
Chips, of course! But my companion fancied one of their kebabs, which have been highly recommended on The Chippy's Facebook page. We were quite hungry and so we ordered a large chips, mixed kebab on a naan bread, two large cartons of mushy peas and a couple of bottles of Coca-Cola (diet...well, it's not long until the summer holidays and Secret Service has over indulged a tad over Christmas).
How good was the food?
The kebab got top marks - it was huge! But also a bit pricey at £6.30. Mixed lamb and chicken meat was served on a soft naan and drizzled with garlic mayo and hot chilli sauce. It was also served with salad - shredded lettuce, chopped tomato and diced red onion.
Secret Service thought that the chips were OK. You certainly get a lot for your £2.90 - there was enough for your spy, my companion and two little spies who suddenly decided that they were hungry, too.
They were probably a bit over-cooked but the mushy peas were delicious. They were a good colour, sweet and the perfect consistency.
Was it hot?
Secret Service had to whizz the chips around in the microwave for a minute to warm them through but the rest of the food was fine.
How much did it cost? Mixed kebab on a naan: £6.30 Large chips: £2.90 2 x large mushy peas: £2 2 x 500ml diet Coca-Cola: £2.90 TOTAL: £14.10
Would you go again?
Yes - I overheard someone in the chip shop saying how tasty the potato fritters are maybe we'll try those next time.
What are the opening hours?
The Chippy in Heage is open Monday to Thursday from 3.30pm until 9.30pm. They open for lunch from midday until 2pm on Friday and Saturday and then re-open on those days from 4pm until 10pm.
*The Derby Telegraph makes undercover visits to restaurants, takeaways and cafes with a view to providing a fair, balanced and accurate report on customer service and the food on offer. Our hope is that, for the sake of both the business owner and the customer, we can report positively about the places we visit. However if our experience is not 100 per cent positive then we are duty-bound to report on exactly what we find.
Police were out in force to deal with the situation
These shocking pictures show the night of violence suffered in a Derby suburb after fighting broke out between football fans.
Mickleover pubs had to close early because of a clash in the street and incidents of criminal damage in The Vine following England's victory over Colombia.
Trouble erupted as drinkers spilled out from The Vine and The Nags Head, both in Uttoxeter Road, after the game. An eyewitness, who wishes to remain anonymous, said that people leaving the two pubs began arguing before punches were thrown and the police were called.
It is not clear what initially sparked the altercation. One female fan was reportedly threatened with a glass.
A number of police cars were called to the scene and a dog handler was needed to calm the situation. Officers remained in Uttoxeter Road for over an hour.
A 21-year-old man was taken to hospital with minor facial injuries and a police investigation is ongoing.
Mickleover PCSO Tracy Bell said: "Mickleover pubs had to close early due to a select group of individuals fighting and causing criminal damage in one of the pubs. This behaviour has ruined a good night for many. Please drink sensibly."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
We mated Flt3Cre+ ROSAmTmG/mTmG studs with dams bearing a conditional Lox-STOP-Lox KrasG12D/+ allele (LSL-KrasG12D/+)to generate Flt3Cre+ ROSAmTmG/+ LSL-KrasG12D/+ mice (hereafter referred to as Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice), in which oncogene expression could be monitored by a switch from Tomato to GFP expression. Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mutants were born at expected Mendelian ratios and had weight gain comparable to that of their littermates until 2 weeks of age (Figure 1A and Supplemental Figure 1A; supplemental material available online with this article; https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI94031DS1). Mutants and littermates had equivalent activity of Flt3Cre, as measured by the percentage of GFP+ cells, and LSL-KrasG12D recombination in mutant mice was confirmed by PCR (Supplemental Figure 1, B and C). After 2 weeks, Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice showed progressive weight loss, leukocytosis, anemia, thrombocytopenia, and hepatosplenomegaly and died at a median age of 26 days (Figure 1, A–C, Supplemental Figure 2, and Supplemental Figure 3). Histological organ examination revealed a histiocytic infiltrate in the spleen, liver, lung, and intestines (Supplemental Figure 4), and a markedly increased frequency of CD11b+Gr1+ cells in the blood, BM, liver, and spleen was confirmed by flow cytometry (Figure 1D and Supplemental Figure 5). Notably, the frequency of CD3+ T lymphocytes and B220+ B lymphocytes was decreased, and Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice had an atrophied thymus compared with that seen in the littermates (Figure 1D, Supplemental Figure 3, and Supplemental Figure 4C). Consistent with a faithful model of hyperactive RAS-induced JMML, BM progenitors from Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D animals demonstrated hypersensitivity to GM-CSF in colony-forming assays, which was corrected by MEK inhibition (Figure 1E and Supplemental Figure 6).
Figure 1 Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice develop a JMML-like disease. (A) Weight gain from birth (n = 12 mutants and 19 controls). (B) Overall survival (statistical analysis by Mantel-Cox test). (C) Peripheral blood smear (n = 5). Scale bar: 100 μm. (D) Flow cytometric quantification of tissue leukocytes. (E) Seven-day BM colony formation with 100 nM PD0325901 or 0.1% DMSO (n = 3 biological replicates/group). All analyses were performed on 3- to 4-week-old moribund Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice and age-matched littermates. *P < 0.05, #P < 0.01, and §P < 0.001, by unpaired, 2-tailed Student's t test (A, D, and E).
To confirm that the disease in Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D animals was initiated in utero and could be propagated autonomously in vivo, we transplanted E14.5 fetal liver (FL) cells into adult BoyJ animals (Figure 2A). Progenitors from mutant donors showed robust engraftment and rapidly contributed to monocytosis, anemia, and thrombocytopenia (Figure 2, B and C, and Supplemental Figure 7). Mutant progenitors gave rise to expanded myeloid cell populations in the BM and spleen, leading to hepatosplenomegaly and a median survival of 9 weeks (Figure 2, D–H). In stark contrast to other KrasG12D models, primary recipients of Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D progenitors showed no signs of T-ALL (Figure 2I). Upon secondary transplantation with 4 × 106 primary BM cells, Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mutant cells engrafted, and 5 of 6 recipients rapidly succumbed with monocytosis, splenomegaly, and thymic atrophy (Supplemental Figure 8). These findings indicate that temporal expression of KrasG12D in utero transforms fetal hematopoietic progenitors into transplantable JMML-initiating cells.
Figure 2 Fetal Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D progenitors initiate a JMML-like disease upon transplantation. (A) Schematic of FL transplants (n = 12 mutant and 8 control recipients). Analysis of donor cell (B) engraftment and (C) myeloid contribution in peripheral blood. (D and E) Flow cytometric quantification of donor leukocytes in BM and spleens of moribund mutant recipients and control recipients 16 weeks after transplantation. max, maximum. (F) Overall survival following transplantation (statistical analysis by Mantel-Cox test). (G–I) Normalized tissue weights of analyzed animals. *P < 0.05, #P < 0.01, and §P < 0.001, by unpaired, 2-tailed Student's t test (B–E and G–I).
We proceeded to analyze the effect of fetal KrasG12D expression on the frequency and distribution of HSCs and progenitors. In contrast to Mx1Cre+ KrasG12D animals (16), we observed a reduction of HSCs (Tomato+ LSK CD150+CD48–) and MPPs (GFP+ LSK CD150–CD48+) in both the BM and spleen of moribund Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice (Figure 3A). This reduction corresponded with increased quiescence among HSCs in Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice (Figure 3B and Supplemental Figure 9). These effects were mediated non–cell autonomously, since LSL-KrasG12D was not recombined in HSCs (Supplemental Figure 10). We proceeded to analyze the progeny of Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D progenitors and found that BM cells cultured in cytokine-free medium gave rise to histiocytes that expressed CD11c and CD135 (Supplemental Figure 11). This finding is reminiscent of reports describing DC-like tumor cells in patients with JMML (2, 33, 34) and prompted us to analyze DC populations in Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D animals. We observed a marked increase in the frequency of CD11c+ cells in the BM and spleen (Figure 3C). Strikingly, the CD11c+ cell expansion was particularly prominent in the atrophied thymus, where we saw a concomitant deficit of CD4–CD8–CD25+ committed T cell progenitors and CD4+CD8+ double-positive cells (Figure 3, C–F, and Supplemental Figure 12). We also observed this propensity for preferential DC differentiation in recipients of Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D FL progenitors (Supplemental Figure 13).
Figure 3 Analysis of Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D progenitor frequency and differentiation. (A) Frequency of HSCs and MPPs in the BM and spleens of mutants and littermates. (B) Cell-cycle analysis of HSCs and MPPs from 1-day-old liver (n = 3 WT and 4 mutants) and 21-day-old BM (n = 2/group); representative gating is shown in Supplemental Figure 9. (C) Flow cytometric quantification of tissue DCs. (D–F) Flow cytometric quantification and representative gating of thymic cells. Error bars represent the SEM. Cell-cycle statistical analyses were performed using a χ2 test, and other analyses were performed using an unpaired, 2-tailed Student's t test. *P < 0.05, #P < 0.01, and §P < 0.001.
We present the first KrasG12D model to our knowledge to unify JMML disease–defining features: an in utero origin; viability at birth followed by a failure to thrive; anemia; thrombocytopenia; monocytosis; hepatosplenomegaly; and infiltration of tissues with histiocytes. All Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice succumbed to a myeloid disease that could be recapitulated following FL transplantation. This is in contrast to existing KrasG12D models, whose MPN is exacerbated by nonhematopoietic oncogene expression and by the unpredictable coemergence of T-ALL (15–20).
Flt3Cre has an expression pattern markedly different from that of Mx1Cre, which may explain the observed respective myeloid versus lymphoid disease outcomes. Mx1Cre is used to target adult progenitors, whereas Flt3Cre becomes active in fetal MPPs. As such, Flt3Cre initiates KrasG12D expression within an in utero progenitor that is more proliferative, has greater repopulating ability, and has enhanced myeloid cell production compared with adult progenitors targeted by Mx1Cre (24, 27). This context emulates studies of JMML patients that highlighted the fetal origins of this disease: the causative somatic mutation commonly occurs before birth, and BM cells have a gene expression signature that is characteristic of fetal progenitors (22, 23). Therefore, in contrast to Mx1Cre, Flt3Cre targets KrasG12D expression to hematopoietic progenitors at the appropriate developmental stage to recapitulate the origin of JMML.
The identity of the JMML-initiating cell has been controversial. On the one hand, case reports have shown that CD34+CD38– phenotypic HSCs express disease-initiating mutations (6, 35) and that xenotransplantation of patients' progenitors gives rise to mutated myeloid, B, and T cells with a common clonal origin (36). On the other hand, circulating T lymphocytes from most patients do not express the disease-initiating mutation (7, 37), suggesting that JMML is initiated within a MPP that undergoes a differentiation block during T lymphocyte commitment. Consistent with this hypothesis, case reports suggest that patients with JMML have decreased T cell frequencies in the BM and spleen (38, 39). These findings parallel our Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D model, which has a paucity of T cells, an atrophied thymus, and abnormal T cell differentiation.
An earlier study found similarly skewed T lymphocyte development when KrasG12D expression was restricted to DCs in p53–/– mice (40). Our results advance these findings to show that KrasG12D expression in multipotent progenitors results in widespread tissue infiltration with DCs that are distinct from the concomitantly expanded neutrophils (Supplemental Figure 13B). Importantly, case reports have equally noted that JMML patients' tissues are infiltrated by atypical histiocytes (2, 41) and that children with the DC disorder juvenile xanthogranuloma are at increased risk of JMML (42). Additionally, Langerhans cell histocytosis and Erdheim-Chester disease, two aggressive DC disorders, are also characterized by hyperactive RAS signaling (43). These reports, along with our findings from Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice, suggest that a more formal investigation of DC involvement in JMML is warranted.
A unique feature of Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice is that their HSCs do not express the oncogene (Supplemental Figure 10). The full penetrance of a MPN in our model is therefore consistent with the hypothesis that the HSC is the cell of origin for KrasG12D-evoked T-ALL (16, 17). Notably, the quiescence of nononcogene-expressing HSCs in Flt3Cre KrasG12D mice demonstrates a profound non–cell-autonomous effect of this mutation. Our finding supports the conclusions of Sabnis et al., who noted that residual nonrecombined LSK Flt3– cells in Mx1Cre KrasG12D mice did not expand to compensate for diminishing oncogene-expressing HSCs (16). Our results suggest that KrasG12D-expressing hematopoietic cells induce an aberrant BM microenvironment that stifles the expansion of normal neighboring HSCs. This yields the provocative hypothesis that patients with JMML relapse following allogenic transplantation as a result of an adverse niche that impedes the proliferation of donor HSCs.
In summary, we describe what to our knowledge is the first KrasG12D mouse model that recapitulates defining features of JMML. Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice are viable, develop monocytosis, anemia, thrombocytopenia, and hepatosplenomegaly and die from a fully penetrant myeloid disease. This model further emulates underappreciated features of JMML such as a paucity of mature T lymphocytes and an expansion of DCs and thereby hints at potential new therapeutic strategies. Flt3Cre+ KrasG12D mice will prove useful for preclinical drug studies targeting the RAS/MEK/ERK signaling pathway and will help elucidate the developmental origins of JMML and pediatric leukemias.
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - The westbound lanes of State Road 836 will be closed i a section of Northwest Miami-Dade as construction crews work in the area this weekend.
The closures along the Dolphin Expressway are scheduled to go into effect Friday from Northwest 27th Avenue to Le Jeune Road, beginning at 11 p.m.
The highway will reopen at 10 a.m. Saturday.
It will shut down again from 11 p.m. Saturday to 10 a.m. Sunday.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt have teamed up for a cause.
The Broadway stars have united to create “Found/Tonight,” a mashup of “You Will Be Found” from Dear Evan Hanson and “The Story of Tonight” from Hamilton.
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Shares ‘Almost Like Praying ft Artists for Puerto Rico (Salsa Remix)'
The song comes with a new music video. Watch it below. Sheet music for “Found/Tonight” is made available for free here.
The song was inspired by the thousands of students across the country who mobilized following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, FL just last month. A portion of all proceeds will go towards the March For Our Lives Initiative. Platt and Miranda are also united in encouraging other artists to help spark a viral campaign by explaining why they march using the hashtag #IWillMarch.
“In the wake of Parkland, I was awestruck by the strength and leadership of the students and their ability to speak truth to power,” Miranda explained in a press statement. “In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement. This is their moment. Not just for themselves, but for all of us. This song is my way of helping to raise funds and awareness for their efforts, and to say Thank You, and that we are with you so let's keep fighting, together.”
“When Lin called me to be a part of this mashup, I couldn't say no,” Platt added. “Better gun control is something that all Americans should be passionate about. These students are paving the way for future generations and it's so inspiring to see young people standing up for what is probably the most important cause right now in this country, and demanding action. I hope that this song can play some small part in bringing about real change.”
Find more information about the March For Our Lives Initiative here.
The Trump administration released limited fixes Thursday for shaky health insurance markets, but insurers quickly said those actions won't guarantee stability for millions of consumers now covered.
While calling it a step in the right direction, the industry is looking for a guarantee that the government will also keep paying billions in "cost-sharing" subsidies. And President Donald Trump says he hasn't made up his mind on that.
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan holds up a copy of the American Health Care Act during a news conference with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on March 7. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images, file
Republicans contend that the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, is beyond repair, but their "repeal and replace" slogan hasn't been easy to put into practice, or politically popular. So Thursday's action was intended to keep the existing system going even as Republicans pursue a total remake.
Many of the changes follow recommendations from insurers, who wanted the government to address shortcomings with HealthCare.gov markets, including complaints that some people are gaming the system by signing up only when they get sick, and then dropping out after being treated.
Related: Trump Administration Releases it First Obamacare Rule
But the White House remained mum on the biggest concern. Insurers, doctors, hospitals and the business community have asked Trump to preserve ACA cost-sharing subsidies that pare down high deductibles and copayments for consumers with modest incomes. They're separate from the better-known premium subsidies that most customers receive.
"There is still too much instability and uncertainty in this market," Marilyn Tavenner, president of America's Health Insurance Plans and the industry's top lobbyist, said in a statement. "Health plans and the consumers they serve need to know that funding for cost-sharing reduction subsidies will continue uninterrupted."
Estimated at $7 billion this year, the subsidies are under a legal cloud. Without the payments, experts say the government marketplaces that provide private insurance for about 12 million people will be overwhelmed by premium increases and insurer departures.
Related: Health Deal Could Weaken Cover for Pre-Existing Conditions
In a Wall Street Journal interview this week, Trump raised the possibility of shutting off the money if Democrats won't bargain on health care. But the president also said he hasn't made up his mind, and said he doesn't want people to get hurt.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California called that an "appalling threat." Democrats are now demanding that the issue be addressed in a must-pass spending bill due at the end of the month. The new administration has continued to make cost-sharing payments to insurers as it weighs options.
The changes announced Thursday include:
A shortened sign-up window of 45 days, starting with coverage for 2018. That's about half as long as the current open enrollment season.
Curbs on "special enrollment periods" that allow consumers to sign up outside the normal open enrollment window. Insurers say these have been too easily granted, allowing some people to sign up only when they need costly treatment.
Allowing an insurer to collect past debt for unpaid premiums from the prior 12 months before applying a consumer's payments to a new policy.
Giving insurers more flexibility to design low-premium plans that can be tailored to young adults.
"While these steps will help stabilize the individual and small group markets, they are not a long-term cure for the problems that the Affordable Care Act has created in our health care system," Seema Verma, the Trump administration official responsible for the markets, said in a statement.
Related: House Leaves for Break Without Health Care Deal
Analyst Larry Levitt of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation said the new rules will be "meaningless" in encouraging insurance companies to stay in the market if the government ends cost-sharing subsidy payments.
The changes come as insurers are figuring out their plans for 2018.
Consumers likely won't know for certain what sort of choices they will have until late summer or early fall, a couple months before open enrollment begins.
This year saw premium increases averaging 25 percent for a standard plan in states served by HealthCare.gov. Some insurers say they've lost hundreds of millions of dollars, and many have pulled back or are considering it.
Most communities will have competing insurers on the public marketplace next year, but a growing number will be down to one, and some areas may face having none.
Get in the mix with some of Dayton's best Mex
Taqueria Mixteca's Chile Rellenos are not to be missed.
By Paula Johnson
Authen-tics Me Off
So I am going to talk about the food at Taqueria Mixteca, whose first location at 1609 E. Third Street opened in 2005 (The newer location in Trotwood is on Shiloh Springs Road). I'll be telling you about my visit to the Dayton location, and that the food was pretty darned good. But first, we need to do a little exploring about how we think and how we talk about what Mexican food is. There's a woman named Diana Kennedy who you've maybe never heard of, but she's pretty much responsible for all of America's misconceptions and elitist assumptions. Lest you think I'm out of my mind on mezcal, I'm going to ask for your forbearance to get through some context around the food at Taqueria Mixteca—what it is, where it comes from, and what assumptions we have about it. “Is it authentic?” is the first thing people ALWAYS ask. We have this notion that “authentic” Mexican food is the only Mexican food that is worthy and should be sought out, and that anything else is crap.
Diana Kennedy is a Mexican cooking authority known for her nine books on the subject, including The Cuisines of Mexico, which started changing Americans' understanding of Mexican food, expanding it beyond Tex-Mex. She stressed the idea of authenticity based on her extensive travels throughout the different regions of Mexico exploring their indigenous cuisines. And while her work brought these cuisines to light, the downside of her lifetime of writing and teaching is the disparagement of Tex-Mex, the Americanized hybrids of traditional Mexican dishes made with what is available here. The point I am making with all this exposition is that we are asking the wrong question. The better question is, is the food good, well prepared and made with fresh quality ingredients? We need to recognize and honor that these American Mexican dishes are their own tradition, their own culture, and should be respected as such. Whew—that was a looooooong way to get to what I ate at Taqueria Mixteca, but it needed to be said.
Tacos and Sopes and Beans! Oh My!
And now I need to say that Taqueria Mixteca does a great job using traditional recipes, quality ingredients, and cooking techniques to put out some tasty food, as PIP (Palate In Progress) and I discovered at a recent dinner. There's a wide range of dishes and ingredients both familiar and unfamiliar available here—fajita-style grilled meats, shrimp dishes, mole, goat, tongue, tacos with numerous topping options to name some.
We started with chips, salsa, and gooey delicious Choriqueso ($4.50), a hot melted cheese dip with spicy chorizo. Sopes ($3.75 each) were next. I particularly like the soft, slightly pliable texture of the sope. The base is made from a circle of fried masa, and its thickness is a great platform for lots of toppings, with the slight frying of the exterior surface keeping it from getting soggy. Ours were topped with beans, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and sour cream, and for the meat, we chose carnitas and chorizo.
The Chilaquiles ($8.99) are not to be missed. Fried corn tortillas are the basis of the dish with salsa verde, cheese, pulled chicken and a grilled fried egg crowning the mound, accompanied by refried beans and rice. South of the border, chilaquiles are thought of more as a breakfast dish, perhaps because of the fried egg, but it's a dish I love anytime. Chile Rellenos are a favorite, and Taqueria Mixteca's are deserving of mention. They are basically Mexico's version of stuffed peppers, far superior to the American version my grandma used to make. Here, poblanos are peeled, stuffed with cheese, dipped in an egg wash and fried to a crispy exterior. We added ground beef as an option, making it a hearty platter with pico de gallo, shredded lettuce, avocado slices, rice, and beans. Nachos and tostadas were also consumed and enjoyed, filling us to near capacity. However, there's always room for dessert, particularly if flan is offered.
Frequent Flan-ing
When it comes to dessert, I am what my pun-loving dining companion refers to as a “frequent flan-er.” I order this custardy confection anytime I see it, addicted to its silky rich mouthfeel and caramel syrup glaze. The $4.50 portion was more than enough for two people, with a bit left over for next day's breakfast.
A taqueria is a casual taco stand, and Taqueria Mixteca stands out among them. The service is warm and friendly, the food delicious, generous in portion, and incredibly affordable. If you haven't tried Mixteca, it's time to make this your next Mex.
Taqueria Mixteca, 1609 E. 3rd Street, Dayton. 937.258.2654, taqueriamixteca.com
Nobody inside CCHQ was prepared for election night's 10 p.m. exit poll. Lynton Crosby's last text to me predicted that we were going to ‘do well', which according to our expectations would mean a Conservative majority of more than 60. A late projection, based on data from the ground and Jim Messina's modelling, suggested we would win 371 seats, giving us a majority of 92. In the end, the Conservatives got their highest share of the vote since 1983, and more votes than Tony Blair managed in any of his elections, yet still we ended up with a hung parliament.
Skilful leadership may deliver stability, but the absence of an overall majority means the nature of the Brexit deal the government negotiates is more uncertain. There has long been talk of a choice between ‘hard' and ‘soft' forms of Brexit, with the latter requiring membership of the EU's single market. Since that would involve accepting the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice, vast annual membership payments to the EU, and the continuation of free movement rules, people who voted to leave the European Union might wonder whether advocates of a ‘soft' departure really do understand that Brexit means Brexit.
Because this election failed to produce the majority we needed, it is impossible to call the campaign anything but a failure. Before it began, we envisaged a return to traditional campaigning methods, with daily press conferences to scrutinise Labour and promote our policies. Theresa, never comfortable hogging the limelight, expected to make more use of her ministerial team. On the advice of the campaign consultants, and following opinion research that showed Theresa to be far more popular than the party or her colleagues, we eschewed our instincts. We were wrong to do so.
My biggest regret, however, is that we did not campaign in accordance with the insight that took Theresa to Downing Street in the first place. While the referendum result was undoubtedly an instruction for Britain to leave the EU, it was also a vote for change. One can disagree with Theresa's prescription — a strategic role for the state to broaden economic opportunity, a clampdown on corporate excesses, rights for workers, intervention in dysfunctional markets and, through school reform, house-building and tax policy, a determination to make Britain the world's Great Meritocracy — but it is very difficult to disagree with her diagnosis.
That is why the Conservative manifesto, which I authored jointly with the brilliant Ben Gummer, rejected ‘untrammelled free markets' and ‘selfish individualism', and declared that ‘our responsibility to one another is greater than the rights we hold as individuals'. I was surprised to read some commentators describe these statements as ‘left-wing' when the manifesto was consciously Burkean in its style and substance. Burke's great revelation was that if we value something, we must be prepared to reform it in order to keep it. I fear the election will cause many to conclude that we should return to the modern consensus politics of pure social and economic liberalism, which I believe is one of the causes of the division we
see in Britain today.
The manifesto was later written off as ‘the worst in history'. One of the criticisms is that, instead of offering voters giveaways and bribes, we spelt out where cuts would fall. While I accept that the manifesto might have been too ambitious, I worry that the implication of this argument is that politicians should not be straight with the electorate.
The biggest complaint, though, was about our social care proposals. You can criticise the policy, but we need to be honest with ourselves. Since we have an ageing population, we need to spend more on health and care, and we need to decide how to pay for it. We can ask older people to meet the costs, subject to certain protections, from the wealth they have accrued through life, or we can tax younger generations even more. Somehow we have reached a point where older people with assets expect younger, poorer people to pay for their care. With Britain's demographics, that is not sustainable; neither is it socially just.
Personal attacks come with the job when you work in government, but at times like these, you find out who your true friends are, and you realise that the people who are hurt most by the criticism are your loved ones. So the biggest lesson of the past week for me has been a reminder of the importance of friends, family and love.
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Maikanti Baru, on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. The People's Democrati...
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
3:36 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces Venezuela sanctions
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports
4:47 Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
1:30 Trump issues executive order to begin rolling back Obamacare
1:03 Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
1:53 Do we live in one of America's unhealthiest states?
1:28 What's it like to run the California International Marathon?
In order to make up for the somewhat disastrous launch for last year's Galaxy S7, Samsung has gone all out to make the Galaxy S8 one of their best phones ever.
The S8 has a beautiful 5.8-inch Infinity Display with the smallest bezel on any modern phone. They have plenty of major upgrades under the hood as well, including a new processor and a true HDR-capable camera.
But no matter how badly you want to show off your beautiful new phone, a protective case is practically a must. So if you have to have a case, why not make it a cute one?
To get the ball rolling, we've selected our ten favorite cute Galaxy S8 cases, which complement the sleek design with some much-needed personality. Read on below to see our top picks.
1. Spigen Neo Hybrid Crystal Glitter Case
Spigen's Neo Hybrid case strikes a pristine balance between portability and protection, with a small yet effective soft TPU interior and a sturdy PC exterior.
The case has a slight bezel in front of its screen and Dual Pixel camera which protect each surface from drops.
But the most striking element of this case is its glittery design on the back, which adds some extra flair on top of this case's functional design.
Price: $16.99 (45 percent off MSRP)
2. Caseology Fairmont Series Bumper Case
Caseology cases always exhibit interesting textures and elegant designs. Their Fairmont Series is no exception, especially the charming Cherry Oak color.
This case combines a shock-absorbing PU leather shell with a hard polycarbonate frame that further reinforces your phone's ability to withstand drops.
Price: $14.99 (40 percent off MSRP)
3. Cutebe Lace Flower Case
If you are looking for a case that is straight-up cute, then why not go for this Lace Flower case from a company that literally has “cute” in their name?
This case from Cutebe uses the tried and tested combination of soft TPU and scratch-resistant PC to make a case that is both stylish and secure.
This case has responsive button covers and cushioned corners, which makes for an awesome combination of features for only $10.
Price: $9.99 (47 percent off MSRP)
4. Speck Presidio Clear Print Case
Speck's Presidio Clear Print Case has a mostly transparent design that complements the natural beauty of the Galaxy S8 with a floral pattern embedded between the case's two layers.
Price: $44.95
5. Tekcoo TFlower Retro Case
The Tekcoo TFlower Case is an inexpensive protective case that sports a stylish retro design reminiscent of a sunflower.
Its hard TPU bumper keeps the contoured edges of your screen looking clean and scratch-free, while absorbing shock from falls.
Price: $7.85
6. Ringke Fusion Mirror Case
Ringke's Fusion Mirror is an elegant polycarbonate case that makes use of your phone's large glass backplate to house a radiant tinted mirror design.
Not only can you use this mirror design to put on makeup or see your surroundings in a new light, but you can also rely on this case to protect your phone from drops and scratches.
Its bezel is just thick enough to protect your phone's screen and camera from impact. It has precisely cut holes for easy access to your ports and speakers.
Price: $13.99 (60 percent off MSRP)
7. Maoerdo Despise Cat Case
There is nothing cuter than a cat with attitude, which is exactly you get from this oversized case from Maoerdo.
This case drastically increases the bulk of your phone, but it offers adequate protection for a generous low price.
The silicone rubber material will absorb shock, but there won't be any protection from the shock people will have when they get flipped off by an adorable cat.
Price: $9.58
8. Lontect Floral Butterfly Grade
This Lontect case has fairly standard offerings in terms of defensive properties, but it is anything from standard in its design.
You won't be charmed by this case's air-padded corners, but you will be charmed by the case's transparent design with a beautiful butterfly and flower pattern.
It offers both protection and polish to your S8, and at a low price on top of that.
Price: $7.99
9. Samsung Silicone Protective Cover
Samsung's Silicone Protective Cover is a natural choice to pair with a new S8. As an official Samsung product, it will be perfectly fitted to your phone.
This case is made with a soft silicone material that suppresses shock and improves grip. It is available in several pastel colors that will brighten up the sophisticated look of this phone.
Price: $29.99
10. Belk Protective Wallet Case
Manufacturer Belk provides yet another solid wallet option with its Protective Case that comes in four vibrant colors.
This flip cover will protect your phone on all sides, with PU leather exterior and an interior polycarbonate shell.
As is typical of this case style, you can flip the cover around to serve as a kickstand. It would have been nice to see a larger capacity for cards for a so-called “wallet case,” but the single cardholder is still nice to have.
Price: $13.99 (65 percent off MSRP)
11. Joyleop Unicorn Bumper Case
So this case is straight up adorable. Unicorns are my personal favorite animal, so this pink unicorn bumper case feels like it was specially made for me.
This rubbery TPU case absorbs shock and turns them into good vibes with its bright colors and extra large 3D graphic on the back.
Naturally, this isn't the most pocket-friendly case, but I'd be lying if I said this isn't the cutest Galaxy S8 case ever.
Price: $8.99
See Also
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Our recent aerial photograph, below, of the former Derby Co-operative Society Peak Bakery on Osmaston Park Road, in the 1960s continues to prompt memories from our readers.
Maurice Topley, of Kingsway, Derby, was keen to remind readers of the site's previous use as the Co-operative Wholesale Society's seed trial ground.
He said: “My late wife, Beryl (née Smedley) started work there in 1943 when she left school at 14. The work consisted of packing packets of seeds in the warehouse in the winter then outside work.
“In the spring and summer, I myself can remember going there with my father to purchase seeds for planting in the garden and allotment where everyone was helping the war effort in the Dig for Victory campaign.
(Image: Rod Jewell Collection)
“I think the warehouse is shown in the top left hand corner of the aerial picture, but I could be wrong.”
Meanwhile, reader Roger Welbourn, of Chaddesden, was sent scurrying to his cupboard when he saw our article about the Peak Bakery.
He sent us in the photo, above, with the question, “Could I have one of the last, unopened, Peak Dundee cakes, made at Osmaston Road, before the bakery closed?”
He explained: “When my mum and dad moved from Albert Road, Chaddesden, around 45 years ago and moved to Mickleover we found it in their pantry.
“It was in the pantry when I married in 1969, so it's been in the family a while. Why it was never opened I don't know. I can only guess that they were saving it for an occasion when there was more than just the two of them and never got around to it.
“I have saved it as a memory.”
Lagos – A businesswoman, Morenike Ajani, on Monday, urged an Agege Customary Court in Lagos to dissolve her 23-year old marriage to her husband, Wasiu Ajani for lack of care.
The petitioner, who resides at Kolawole Street, Papa Ashafa in Orile Agege area of Lagos, told the court that she was no longer interested in the union.
“My husband is irresponsible; he has refused to make any attempt to legalise our union.
“He is a drunkard, who drinks to stupor and misbehaves; and this usually leads to a serious disagreement between us,” she said.
The petitioner said she had to move out of her husband's house in 2013 when life became unbearable for her, stressing that the man continued to threaten her life.
“I can no longer bear the emotional and verbal torture I suffer in his hands.
“We no longer behave like a couple because my husband does not give me peace of mind neither does he fend for the family,” she said.
She said her husband had not been responsible for their children's education and upkeep for the past three years.
“I have been paying the children's school fees, clothing and feeding them and my husband does not care whether we are alive or dead.
“He told my first child to learn a trade even when the chap wanted to further his education.
“All my husband does is to drink and engage in extra marital affairs.
“He is not caring and lacks respect for the institution of marriage; please separate us, I can no longer live with him,” she pleaded.
The respondent, however, urged the court not to dissolve his marriage, claiming that he still loved his wife.
“I try my best to cater for my family but my wife is never satisfied,” he said.
The respondent, who described the petitioner as a serial flirt, alleged that she was dating his neighbour's husband.
He admitted that he was also flirting with other women because his wife refused to have sex with him; since my body is not firewood, l decided to go out,”
Ajani told the court that he refused to legalise the union because of his wife's lack of seriousness.
“She keeps moving in and out of the marriage whenever there is any misunderstanding between us,” he said.
The court's president, Mrs Ibironke Elabor, who advised the estranged couple to keep the peace, adjourned the case to April 10 for judgment. (NAN)
He road into town on a wave of nationalistic populism. The masses believed he would bring changes and literally free them from the oppressive establishment and government over them. And, he himself planned to do just that!
But, the odds were against him along with the establishment and authorities. Within days the fervent wave of populism waned and the people were distracted by all the arguments and debates surrounding the one who had once ridden into town as a conquering hero. Neither the establishment nor the governing authorities could be overthrown because they were so entrenched. The man spoke the truth, and they crucified him because they hated him and the truth.
His story is not past, but is everlasting and eternal.
What news compares with the news of Jesus' death, burial, and resurrection? Russia? Syria? North Korea? Trump? Like the poor, we will always have the blah, blah, blah of news cycles. Nevertheless, this week of all weeks in the year we can especially celebrate the Good News that Jesus died to pay for the sins of the whole world, that He was buried, and that He rose from the dead on the third day according to the Scriptures.
I've been there. I've seen Golgotha, at least the hill historians and archeologists believe was the place outside of Jerusalem where Jesus was crucified. I entered the garden tomb. I walked through the Garden of Gethsemane and touched 2,000-year old olive trees. I walked through the cobbled streets of old Jerusalem. Places and things I had only read about became real before my eyes.
One of the things that has amazed me the most from the time I was a little boy is how little credence professing believers give to His story. As an eight-year old I asked my Sunday School teacher whether all of this were true. He was nearly speechless! In college learned professors ridiculed the Bible and faith of any kind. Surely if His story were true these men and women of learning would know?
I searched and researched because I had concluded that if His story, as incredible as it sounds, were true, then it was the most important truth, the only truth that really mattered day in and day out. No other news, scientific discovery, or discovery of life itself somewhere else held a candle to His story.
We all have stories. At the end of Job's story Job says, “I have heard of You by the hearing of the ear; but now my eye sees You; therefore, I retract, and I repent in dust and ashes.”
Like Job, we've all heard His story, but few among us, even among the masses of professing believers across the Bible Belt have “seen” Him in a personal encounter that has literally and spiritually rocked our world and shaken us to the core. Not all initial encounters come with thunder, lightning, or earthquakes. But, God always faithfully rocks believers' worlds as we mature because He is the Almighty Creator.
God is wrapping up this leg of His story. The end of this leg promises to shake the whole earth and end the futility of life as we have known it from the beginning. Hallelujah and Maranatha!
http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DanielGardnerCMYK-1.jpg
By Daniel Gardner Contributing Columnist
Daniel L. Gardner is a syndicated columnist who lives in Starkville, Miss. He can be reached at [email protected]
Daniel L. Gardner is a syndicated columnist who lives in Starkville, Miss. He can be reached at [email protected]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- With fans still buzzing after their beloved Chiefs locked up a division title, new shirts were hitting the shelves celebrating the win.
Fans we talked to said this is just how they want to be spending the first day of 2017.
The red, white and black t-shirt boldly reads "HOLD DOWN THE WEST."
Some fans could be seen buying shirts for the whole family. They said they didn't want to wait until tomorrow because they are afraid they would be gone.
And it's no surprise many fans went shopping for Chiefs gear while already wearing Chiefs gear.
FOX 4 talked to Scott Acock, the fan who was first in line Sunday night.
"This is a great time to be a Chiefs fan. Come on, I mean we fought all season. We don't get the recognition we deserve, everybody doubts us. We are coming on, we are just winning. We swept the west, we are going all the way. It's going to be a Chiefs/Dallas Superbowl," Acock said.
Ashley Pegue bought shirts for her sister, brother-in-law, and of course, one for herself.
"It's amazing. This is my first season as a season ticket holder, so this is like the best feeling ever right now," Pegue said.
Their first chance to wear these shirts at a game at Arrowhead will be in a couple weeks -- that's after a first round bye -- when the Chiefs host first playoff game.
There's getting sea sick, and then there's the movie “Adrift.” Sea sickness is nothing compared to what Shailene Woodley is going through in a performance that could be strong enough to get some Oscar buzz.
Deco flew to Los Angeles to talk to Shailene and her co-star about the new film.
Sam Claflin (as Richard): “I love you. Get below!”
Shailene Woodley (as Tami): “Oh my god!”
Shailene Woodley and Sam Claflin are lost at sea in the heart-wrenching, yet inspiring, “Adrift.”
They star as real life couple Tami Oldham and Richard Sharp, who got caught in a hurricane while sailing across the Pacific in the '80s.
Shailene Woodley (as Tami): “That's like a 1,500 mile search area.”
Sam Claflin (as Richard): “A needle in a blue haystack.”
Shailene was the pick from day one to portray Tami. She says it's because she goes way back with the movie's screenwriters.
Shailene Woodley: “I'd spent a lot of time with them either on the mainland or in Hawaii doing various things, from hiking to talking about surfing to talking about sailing. I think I honestly just got very lucky.”
Oh, Shailene, so humble and Sam knows it.
Sam Claflin: “Also the fact that she's a really good actress and has the capabilities of going to the places that Tami needs to go.”
While Tami is badly hurt in the storm, Richard is severely injured.
Sam Claflin (as Richard): “My ribs are broken, my legs are shattered. I'm dead weight.”
Meaning Sam isn't moving around a whole lot in the film.
Sam Claflin: “Just laying on the back of a boat and watching Shailene do all the hard, heavy-lifting and swimming. I got jealous.”
Shailene Woodley: “And I got jealous that you got to lay there all day.”
It wasn't just literal heavy-lifting that Shailene had on her plate.
She told us it was the emotional scenes that were actually more challenging.
Shailene Woodley: “To find the energy to do those takes over and over and over again just required a lot.”
While the stars kept their emotions as realistic as possible, actually shooting on the water helped the movie feel very real.
Shailene Woodley (as Tami): “Wooo!”
Sam Claflin: “I remember us getting very, very close to the other boat. And there was such a sense of, ‘Oh my god'!”
Shailene Woodley: “That was the scariest day, I would say.”
Sam Claflin: “Well you were at the helm. I was at the front of the boat just kind of enjoying it.”
Shailene Woodley: “But that's why it's the scariest for me, because I could have killed you.”
“Adrift” will be out in theaters this Friday.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Samuel Oyadongha
YENAGOA—A coalition of nine militant groups in the Niger Delta, under the aegis of Reformed Niger Delta Avengers, has given President Muhammadu Buhari four-week ultimatum to reinstate sacked Coordinator of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Brig.-Gen. Paul Boroh (retd).
They threatened to resume fresh attacks on oil facilities across the region if Mr. President failed to reinstate the former Special Adviser to the President on Niger Delta on the expiration of the ultimatum.
Leader, RNDA, ‘General' Johnmark Ezonbi, who handed the threat, yesterday in a statement after an enlarged meeting of the militant groups in the creek of Bayelsa State, said it was obvious that the Federal Government was toying with the destiny of the Niger Delta region.
They alleged that nothing tangible had been recorded since the coming of the current All Progressives Congress-led government at the centre.
Ezonbi said, “I want to warn that any intruder into our planned action in four weeks' time if the Federal Government fails to reinstate Gen. Paul Boroh will be severely dealt with without mercy. Our attack will make security agencies in the creek very small.
“We are fully ready to take on anybody as we have the instrumentality of warfare that will make the biggest military might to marvel at our coordinated attacks.
“We are ready to dirty our rivers and creeks with our oil, it is better we spill it than allow government use it to develop other parts of the country.
“We are not unmindful of the roles played by self-styled leaders of the Progressives Congress in the South-South region by sponsoring falsehood against the person and office of Boroh for his blunt refusal to grease their palms to the detriment of the Amnesty Programme meant strictly for ex-militants and agitators.
“We have always known those leaders to be anti-Niger Delta since the coming on board of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC government as the latter kicked against the establishment of the Nigerian Maritime University, Okerenkoko.”
He said Boroh had made concerted efforts to put the amnesty programme back on track with the regular training of ex-militants and payment of monthly stipends without delay.
He added, “The RNDA declares Prof. Charles Dokubo unfit for the job because of his age. He has long lost touch with happenings in the creeks.
“The Federal Government will hear from us at the expiration of the four weeks ultimatum as no single stone will be left unturned as the Buhari-led administration prefers to go back to the recession period where Boroh played a major role by visiting the creeks with other stakeholders to prevail on the ‘boys' to drop their arms and embrace peace.”
Tyler, the Creator recruited Lana Del Rey, Kid Cudi,
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Tyler, the Creator Enlists Lana Del Rey, Kid Cudi for Camp Flog Gnaw Fest
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
New York Yankees' Didi Gregorius, right, celebrates with Aaron Judge after hitting Gregorius hit two-run home run against the Minnesota Twins during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in New York. Julie Jacobson AP Photo
Danish outfit OER is to work with MPI Offshore on maintenance at Eneco's 120MW Prinses Amalia offshore wind farm off the coast of the Netherlands.
The NSG Wind subsidiary has won a five-year contract to provide project management and technicians during the exchange of the project's main components, including gearboxes, generators, transformers, blades and bearings.
The contract started at the beginning of 2018, OER said.
MPI Offshore will provide offshore transport and lifting services during the component exchange.
Prinses Amalia, which is located 23km off the coast of Ijmuiden, consists of 60 Vestas V80-2.0MW turbines and has been operational since 2008.
Image: Eneco
The Shiv Sena today asked Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to “come clean” on the Congress' charges of his “blessings” to an “illegal transfer” of 24 acres of government land worth Rs 1,767 in Navi Mumbai for a song to a business partner of a BJP MLC, allegedly “close” to him.
The BJP's estranged ally pegged its demand on recent reports on Anti-Corruption Bureau giving earlier in May “clean chit” to former Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse, who had to step down in June 2016 on charges of facilitating a land deal in Pune in favour of his wife and son-in-law.
Latching onto the twin development, the Shiv Sena today said Fadnavis made Khadse sit at home (resign) on allegations of his involvement in a land scam, because he (the CM) is a believer in “transparent governance”.
“Now, either Khadse should be brought back in the ministerial council or the Chief Minister should come clean before the public (on Navi Mumbai land deal),” it said in an editorial in party mouthpiece ‘Saamana'
The Congress had on Monday alleged that the government land worth Rs 1,767 crore in Navi Mumbai was given to a private builder for just Rs 3.60 crore, claiming that the transaction had the “blessings” of Fadnavis.
Congress leaders Prithviraj Chavan and Sanjay Nirupam had charged the Fadnavis-led Urban Development Department with helping private developer Manish Bhatija “illegally acquire” 24 acres of the notified CIDCO land at Kharghar, Navi Mumbai in the name of compensating the group, Projects-Affected People (PAPs).
Bhatija is a business partner of BJP MLC Prasad Lad, who is close to Fadnavis, Nirupam had claimed.
Clamping onto the allegations, the Sena said documents pertaining to the alleged scam suggest Fadnavis' proximity to Lad because of which his name was dragged in the case.
“The Congress was part of several scams. It repudiated each allegation of a scam (when in power). The chief minister too has rejected the charges of CIDCO land scam,” it said.
“He (CM) called the allegation as childishness of the frustrated Congress. But documents suggest the Chief Minister's proximity to Lad has cost him,” said the Sena, which is an ally of the ruling BJP at the Centre and in Maharashtra.
The allegations, made in the run up to the on-going monsoon session of the state Assembly, must have “startled” the chief minister, it said.
The BJP would find itself “restless” as it is Chavan, a former Chief Minister himself, who has levelled the charges “with evidences”, said the Sena mouthpiece.
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party also questioned the “speed” at which files pertaining to the acquisition and denotification of the land allotted to the PAPs were cleared.
According to the Congress, the land was allotted to PAPs on February 26 this year. The mutation of the land was done on May 14.
“As per norms, the farmers cannot sell their land for 10 years (after allotment). Then how come the officials concerned kept quite while the Rs 1,700 crore transaction was being carried out and the government was being cheated? Under whose pressure was the scam carried out?” the Sena asked.
A MAN who snatched a handbag from a woman as she was walking home late at night, has been jailed for three years.
Patrick Cullen, aged 33, who has an address at Courtbrack, Dock Road, had pleaded guilty to robbing the woman at Wolfe Tone Street on July 11, last.
Limerick Circuit Court heard the 21-year-old victim was walking home from the city centre shortly before midnight when she was approached from behind and pushed “suddenly and without warning”.
Cullen attempted to grab her handbag but when the woman resisted she fell and cut her finger after the strap of her handbag broke.
Having been alerted to the incident, gardai encountered Cullen at the junction of Wolfe Tone Street and O'Connell Street a short time later.
“He was sweating profusely,” said Garda Brian McCarthy who added the defendant then took gardai to Vizes Court where he had discarded the handbag.
Aaron Desmond BL said his client had made immediate admissions following his arrest. He said what happened was “silly and stupid” but that his client's actions were “out of pure desperation” to get money to feed his drug habit.
Mr Desmond said the father-of-one regrets his actions and he submitted two hand-writtten letters to the court for its consideration.
He added that he is dealing with his addiction issues and has been engaging with the Probation Service while in custody.
Imposing sentence Judge Tom O'Donnell said what happened had been “very frightening and upsetting,” for the woman who, he noted, had declined the opportunity to make a victim impact statement. He added that she was an “easy and defenceless” target”
He said Cullen's previous criminal record was a concern but he noted he had co-operated with gardai and that he the stolen handbag had been recovered.
The judge also accepted the offence was opportunistic and was not pre-planned.
He imposed four year prison sentence, suspending the final 12 months on condition the defendant remains under the care and supervision of the Probation Service following his release.
The sentence was backdated to July 12, last.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion runs the bases after hitting a solo home run off Chicago White Sox relief pitcher Chris Volstad in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Jason Kipnis, left, tags out Chicago White Sox's Yoan Moncada as Moncada tried to steal to second base in the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez, right, is congratulated by Edwin Encarnacion after Ramirez hit a solo home run off Chicago White Sox relief pitcher Chris Volstad in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, ...
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Melky Cabrera hits a two-run double off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Reynaldo Lopez in the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion scored...
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
By TOM WITHERS
AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox to complete a series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and he didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning his already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escaped by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller "some peace of mind."
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. He picked up his first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut - on his 23rd birthday - in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. He pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK put under fresh pressure to clean up polluted air
Image copyright SolStock Image caption The government says it is committed to providing an extra 5,000 GPs by 2020
GPs are leaving the profession at an increasing rate because they feel "undervalued", fuelling what the British Medical Association (BMA) describes as a "crisis".
Research by the University of Exeter Medical School has found GPs are "fed up" with "unlimited demands" on them.
Doctors spoke of concerns about the risk of litigation and problems with their own health due to work pressures.
The government says it has committed to an extra 5,000 GPs by 2020.
Dr Richard Vautrey, chair of the BMA GPs committee, said: "This is a crisis which we've been pointing out for a number of years."
He said the BMA was regularly contacted by GPs from across the country who are concerned about workload pressures.
"They feel they're not able to provide safe patient care," he added.
The number of full-time equivalent GPs fell by 1,193 in the year up to October 2017, compared to a drop of 97 the year before, according to NHS Digital.
In October 2017, there were 33,302 in England, compared to 34,495 the year before.
'Not valued'
Dr Charlotte Ferriday quit her GP partnership in Devon in 2015. She said the job left her burnt out.
"I woke up one Monday morning and I couldn't get out of bed," she said. "For six weeks it was difficult to leave the house and it was catastrophic.
"I found it was increasingly difficult to do the job because I didn't have the resources and services that supported my patients.
"It felt like we were ignored and GPs were not valued by the government."
Researchers in Exeter interviewed doctors and other professionals with direct experience of GP workforce issues in the South West.
They found common themes relating to the perceived value of GP-based care, concerns regarding fear and risk such as medical litigation, and issues around personal, social, financial, domestic and professional considerations.
Prof John Campbell, who led the research and is also a GP, said: "The government has already invested a very substantial amount but the truth is that it's not enough because the needs of the population are accelerating faster than the resourcing of the system."
A recent survey by the same medical school found a third of GPs (37%) in the South West thought it was "highly likely" they would leave the profession within five years
Among the 41 GPs interviewed for this latest study was a locum who said: "GPs tend [to] go down one of two routes.
"They either - to cope with demand - start to cut corners or you overburden yourself and you won't cut corners and that has its consequences at the end of the day."
Another told researchers: "I was just working at such a pace and I knew I was making myself ill."
The Department of Health and Social Care said: "Whilst we recognise that GPs face a great deal of pressure as our population ages, we have the highest numbers of GPs in training ever - more than 3,000 - and have committed to an extra 5,000 doctors in general practice by 2020.
"This is supported by investment of an extra £2.4 billion a year by 2020-21 to improve care and deliver better patient access."
'Physically shaking'
Dr Linda Thomas quit general practice in Bristol to set up an eco-fashion company.
She said: "At the worst stages I would come back from a long surgery and I would be physically shaking because the pressure of trying to meet the needs of all the people, the time pressure, the system pressure, just became so hard just to do what I wanted to do and help people.
"I'm a mum as well, I need to be a whole human being. I can't just be a medic and then nothing."
MINNEAPOLIS, MN (Nexstar) — Every legendary pass, catch or run in the Super Bowl involves one common element: the football.
To many players and fans a Super Bowl football is a precious commodity.
“Last Super Bowl I caught some passes but I didn't score so best believe if I score I'm keeping that bad boy,” says Eagles Wide Receiver Torrey Smith.
Before they touched down in Minneapolis, the footballs were born in the tiny town of Ada, Ohio. It's the home of the Wilson Football Factory.
The day after the Super Bowl match-up is set, the factory's own Super Bowl begins.
“That Monday we ship their practice balls, 54 of them, we ship another 54 for practice or game so they each get 108 balls,” says Dan Reigle, the Wilson plant manager.
Each team then selects 54 game balls, nearly five times more than a typical NFL game.
For the fans, the specially stamped footballs turn into a coveted keepsake.
You may wonder why they'll use so many different footballs during the game.
Game-used footballs are especially valuable and can be used for charity auctions and fundraisers.
As of the Friday before the game, the league takes possession of the game balls to make sure they meet all size and air pressure specifications for Super Sunday.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for his ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in his remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
“If they don't take into account she's a bitch then yeah… why not,” Mendoza reflected on Rickards' chances of returning to the show.
Incoming freshman Mateo Wolfe tries on the cap and gown last week at Nipomo High School's 2017 freshman orientation for a photo that will be shown at graduation in four years. Micah Colton holds the name plate and Michelle Rasgado takes the picture. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
Dubai: The first round of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) ended at Dubai International Stadium with Quetta Gladiators being the only team to remain unbeaten. The scene now shifts to Sharjah Cricket Stadium with teams that were slow off the blocks wanting to correct their mistakes and bounce back strongly while Quetta hopes to extend their winning run.
Inspired by the legendary West Indies batsman Viv Richards as mentor and batting coach and Moeen Khan as head coach, Quetta looks determined to emerge as the best. Quetta captain Sarfraz Ahmad, who has been appointed as skipper of Pakistan for both One Day Internationals and Twenty20 Internationals, will also want to underline his credentials by winning the PSL this year.
After winning the first match against Lahore, Sarfraz said: “The motivation from the support staff is helping the team and we want to win it this time.”
Defending champions Islamabad has been labelled as an ageing team. Led by 42-year-old Misbah ul-Haq, Islamabad won the opening match against Peshawar Zalmi to prove they are a champion team. However, the defeat to Lahore in their second match was disappointing. Misbah, the inspiring leader that he is, showed that he is a fighter with an unbeaten 61 against Lahore.
This team which has Shane Watson, Saeed Ajmal, Samuel Badree, Mohammad Sami and Brad Haddin — all over 35 years old but are players who can win matches even now. Haddin, now 39, is batting brilliantly — showing no signs of an ageing cricketer. The support staff made up of Dean Jones (head coach), Wasim Akram (team director), Tauseef Ahmad (assistant coach) know what it takes to win matches. The loss of hard-hitting opener Sharjeel Khan, who has been suspended for alleged spot-fixing, is a big blow to the team though.
Peshawar has recovered well after their first defeat to Islamabad, mainly due to the form of England skipper Eoin Morgan and opener Dawid Malan. Darren Sammy as captain has been inspiring and the return of Mohammad Hafeez as a bowler has helped them too. Hasan Ali, their 23-year-old pacer has been spot on and played a vital role in their low scoring match win over Lahore on Sunday.
Lahore has undoubtedly the best batting line-up on paper. The in-form Jason Roy and Brendon McCullum showed how destructive they can be as openers. They have also a mingy bowler in Grant Elliott, who through a four-wicket spell, was responsible for their win over Islamabad. The team hasn't blossomed to its full strength, but will be the one to watch in Sharjah.
It has been a bad start for Karachi Kings, which has lost both their matches. It is surprising why such a formidable batting line up made of Chris Gayle, skipper Kumar Sangakkara, Babar Azam, Kieron Pollard, Shoaib Malek and Ravi Bopara is unable to fire. Sangakkara feels their winning run is about to begin soon and this team is tying up some loose ends.
Team M W L Tie NR Pts
Peshawar 3 2 1 0 0 4
Quetta 2 2 0 0 0 4
Lahore 3 1 2 0 0 2
Islamabad 2 1 1 0 0 2
Karachi 2 0 2 0 0 0
Bradley, Red Sox complete sweep, Nationals fall below .500
hello
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Erick Fedde (23) leaves the game due to an apparent injury in the second inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox' Rafael Devers, right, slides home to score past Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr., during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez, right, runs towards home to score on a wild pitch by Washington Nationals relief pitcher Ryan Madson (44) during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox' Rafael Devers, left, slides home past Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino to score on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr., during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington. Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- Struggling outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. drove in two runs, Eduardo Rodriguez struck out six in six scoreless innings and the Boston Red Sox shut out the Washington Nationals 3-0 on Wednesday to complete a three-game sweep and send the preseason NL East favorites below .500.
The Nationals (42-43) have lost five in a row to fall below .500 this late in the season for the first time since being 60-61 on Aug. 21, 2015.
A throwing error by Adam Eaton on Bradley's sacrifice fly caught in foul territory and a wild pitch by Ryan Madson (2-4) in the seventh inning contributed to Washington's 17th loss in 22 games.
Bradley scored Eduardo Nunez twice, first on a sacrifice fly and then a double in the ninth. It's just the second time all season Bradley had multiple RBIs in a game without hitting a home run.
Rodriguez (10-3) allowed just three hits and one walk to make the Red Sox the first team in the majors with a pair of 10-game winners, joining Rick Porcello. He surrendered two singles to Trea Turner and a bunt single to catcher Pedro Severino while striking out Bryce Harper and not allowing a runner past second base.
Getting to Madson in the seventh and getting some insurance off Kelvin Herrera in the ninth allowed Boston to improve to 22-6 this season in series finales.
Madson was the Nationals' fourth pitcher after starter Erick Fedde left with an undisclosed injury one batter into the second inning and gave way to left-hander Matt Grace, who allowed just one hit and struck out four in four innings of relief. It was Grace's longest major league relief appearance.
Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel picked up his 26th save in 28 chances.
JUAN OFF
Impressive Nationals rookie Juan Soto got most of the day off after starting 19 games in a row and playing in the completion of a suspended game. He lined out to second as a pinch-hitter in the eighth and stayed in to play left field.
"I had to get him off his feet for a little bit," manager Davey Martinez said. "If we had 365 games, I'd love for him to play 365 games. But I understand the game and I've been around a long time to know that guys need a break."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Manager Alex Cora said LHP Drew Pomeranz (biceps tendinitis) would most likely make a second rehab start early next week. ... RHP Tyler Thornburg was activated from the disabled list after rehabbing from shoulder surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome last June.
Nationals: 1B Matt Adams was activated after missing 16 games with a broken left index finger. To clear room, LHP Tim Collins was designated for assignment. ... C Matt Wieters (left hamstring strain) is doing some catching, but still hasn't done enough running to be ready to return.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: After a day off, LHP Chris Sale (8-4, 2.41 ERA) brings a 15-inning scoreless streak into his Friday start at Kansas City, which is expected to start Jason Hammel (2-10, 5.56).
Nationals: RHP Jeremy Hellickson (2-1, 2.63) will look to last at least six innings to spare a heavily used bullpen when Washington faces RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00) to open a four-game series against the Miami Marlins.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Almost every American is a “nationalist” of one kind or another. So is almost every Russian, Chinese, or North Korean.
Don't get mad. We are not accusing you of any sort of bias, racism, or other unpleasant views. We are merely trying to emphasize, again, how overly simplistic some labels can be.
Demonstrations over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, that resulted in violence and death were described in news reports in different ways. Some called one group of demonstrators “white nationalists.” Others call that same group “white supremacists.” Some used both terms in the same article.
Those terms mean two different things, though they are in the same family.
A “supremacist” believes a particular race (or sex, or other genetic or cultural characteristic) is naturally superior to others. Because you must know what the characteristic is that is believed to be “supreme,” an adjective has to be attached. Thus there are “white supremacists,” “Muslim supremacists,” “male supremacists” (also sometimes known as “misogynists”), etc. Racial and cultural groups can also have their own internal divisions, as in Sunnis who believe themselves “supreme” in relation to Shiites, and vice versa.
ICYMI: It is time to stop using the term ‘alt right'
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
A “nationalist,” though, is at heart merely someone who strongly believes in the interest of one's own nation, however “nation” might be defined. President Trump is a “nationalist,” as are most liberals, populists, and everyone to the right and left.
But adding an adjective to indicate what “their” nation is can turn “nationalism” into a polarizing term. A “white nationalist” generally wants a nation of white people. Whether that means creating a separate nation of just white people or pushing those who are not white out of their current nation depends on which branch of “white nationalism” is talking.
While many “white nationalists” are also “white supremacists” because they believe white people are inherently superior to other races, the terms are really not interchangeable.
As Merriam-Webster explains, “white nationalist is defined as ‘one of a group of militant whites who espouse white supremacy and advocate enforced racial segregation,' while white supremacist is ‘a person who believes that the white race is inherently superior to other races and that white people should have control over people of other races.'”
M-W says “white supremacy” first showed up in an 1882 report of an election, though it is clear from the context that at least one candidate had been using “white supremacy” longer.
“White nationalists” first appeared around 1925, M-W says, though there were certainly “nationalist” movements focusing on “whites” long before them, including national policies restricting immigration as well as voting and other “nationalist” activities.
“Nationalism” shows up frequently in politics and ideology. “Nationalist China” was a common nickname for mainland China, and many nations have “nationalist” policies. They all look to focus on specific policies or traits, and so are by their nature restrictive, but not all are seeking to restrict individuals based on racial or other characteristics.
Words and labels are often thrown about in emotional situations, but journalists need to take the high road and not fuel the rhetoric. It's easy to resort to labels, but that can play into the polemics at work.
What, then, should we call the people who demonstrated against removing the statue of Robert E. Lee? Or the people who demonstrated against them? Don't give them a label. Just say what they believe, or what they want. If they want to call themselves “white nationalists” or “white separatists,” you can explain to your audience what that means.
TRENDING: Photographer behind graphic Charlottesville image recounts near-death experience
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Merrill Perlman managed copy desks across the newsroom at The New York Times, where she worked for 25 years. Follow her on Twitter at @meperl.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says he gets along well with Japanese prime minister
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
French and British fans set aside centuries of rivalry to pay tribute to Manchester and London terror victims, as Macron and May attend friendly football match in Paris. And what next for "stubborn" Justice Minister Bayrou as Macron's sweep of parliament looms?
Several commentators are quick to underline the starkly different political fortunes of the British and French leaders in the past week. As President Macron's party heads for a massive parliamentary majority, Prime Minister May lost her slim advantage in the House of Commons, as she prepares to open negotiations on Britain's exit from the European Union.
Le Parisien says that despite the “hard “Brexit talks awaiting the British Premier, her Paris visit was a big moment to lift her spirits. It was marked by a beautiful tribute for the victims of the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London at the Stade de France.
At the thrilling friendly international, which France won by 3 goals to 2, the order of the national anthems was reversed, leading thousands of French fans to put aside centuries of rivalry, war and their own history of regicide in a moment of cross-Channel solidarity.
But, diplomatic niceties aside, La Presse de la Manche prefers to look at the harder lessons Theresa May must take back to London from Paris.
It says Macron certainly remained sceptical about May's capacity to govern her country, with few experts capable of predicting the consequences at home and abroad, of the relative majority her conservative party obtained in last week's general elections.
The regional paper says that even if she manages to keep her job at 10 Downing Street, it is, in the paper's words, "a devalued premier who is trying to survive after failing in her bid to boost her powers through a snap election."
Sud-Ouest says it must have been comforting for Theresa May to hear the French sing 'God Save the Queen' at the Stade de France last night. Sud-Ouest goes on to draw a rather "hard-eyed" contrast between "bad luck" Theresa and "Lucky" Emmanuel.
It also claims that she managed to throw away a parliamentary majority which had looked impossible to lose, as Macron prepares to reap a landslide from Sunday's second round parliamentary run-off.
Macron's campaign promise to overhaul the labour code is one reform his conservative opponents are waiting to give him their support. But left-leaning Libération describes the flagship drive as the most devastating operation to roll back hard warn rights by workers in French history.
"They are ready for the unthinkable", headlines the left-leaning publication with an edited photograph of President Macron and his Prime Minister Edouard Philippe splashed across the front page.
Libé says it was right to warn workers that the “Macronian” projects brandished during the campaign would roll back workers' rights in a manner few had imagined.
This, it argues, includes the re-drafting of safeguards against unfair dismissals.Also, the paper holds that while it understands the objective may be to facilitate businesses with the aim of reducing unemployment, the unions needed to know what they are up against before they get to the negotiation table.
L'Humanité is more preoccupied by what it calls the looming risk that President Macron's party is now set to sweep all 100 percent of the country's MPs.
According to the daily paper, that's a problem which needs to be addressed urgently if a sense of confidence has to be instilled in French democratic life.
"Only proportional representation can guarantee equality in France", says the paper. It urges President Macron to respect his promise to open a debate immediately on the matter if he intends to deliver a reform by the end of his term of office.
Some commentators have some friendly advice for Justice Minister François Bayrou, urging him to swallow his ego if he thinks he has a future in the new government. This was after Bayrou contacted a director of Radio France to complain over calls by its journalists to his MoDem party, describing them as "harassment".
The public broadcaster had aired an investigation into the hiring of parliamentary assistants by MoDem MEPs.
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe rebuked Bayrou for not showing "exemplary" behaviour. But the Justice Minister remained defiant.
This heated exchange between Edouard Philippe and François Bayrou was the first hiccup in the new government.
Les Echos reminds Bayrou to bear in mind the fact that President Macron will probably not need a political ally after Sunday's parliamentary election which he is expected to win by a landslide.
According to the economic newspaper, Bayrou must bear in mind that, after Sunday, he will be an incongruous "offspring" of an old world in a new era.
It must be a relief to not have to put all that extra stress. It's hard enough to be able to just ride. All the extra things that you have to do as a privateer… Yeah, 100 percent. I'll be able to go to the races and focus on racing only. For example, when I went to Toronto Supercross, I didn't even know how I was going to get the bikes there. So here I am four days before finding out how I'm going to take the bike there, getting my own flights, hotel, signing up, everything. It was just a complete mess. Being able to do what I did with everything that I had to do, I was pretty proud of myself. So, I can just see that next year definitely is going to be a whole lot better.
Racer X: We just got the official announcement of you joining the team. Congrats on the new gig. Can you kind of talk about how everything came together? Anthony Rodriguez: Thanks a lot. To be honest, last year I did it all by myself, as privateer as it gets. Weekend warrior kind of stuff. I was loading my own bike, building it, putting it together. Didn't test suspension-wise or anything. I was able to do some good races, show that I had the speed and stuff. Coming into this year, I knew I needed tools like what this team has to get to the next step. I started talking to them and everything came together. I'm super pumped on it. Looking forward to it. I know this is exactly what I needed. Now knowing that I'm on a good bike, being able to test, it's got to take me to the next step.
Anthony Rodriguez was almost done. Despite showing raw speed at each level of his career, crashes and injuries had left him out of a ride heading into 2017. As a privateer, he finished ninth in 250SX East Region in 2017, then the Venezuelan got a quick shot in MXGP last year and showed his old speed. He even showed up at the Budds Creek National on a 450, saying he's spending “all of his money” to go racing. Then he crashed out in practice.
So, how did this deal come together?
Well, I did pretty good in supercross when it comes to showing my potential. Then I went overseas for that MXGP for Honda. I was pretty much training in the gym only. I didn't have a dirt bike. It was two months of not riding a dirt bike, and I went over there and rode for a week and I was able to come out with eighth place, but showing that I had the speed to be a top-five guy. I told the team and I told everybody I'm doing [it on] raw talent here. I haven't been riding. And they were okay with that. I was able to show them that. I was in fourth place for 25 minutes. Then the next ten minutes I faded off. Nothing that I didn't expect. I hadn't been training. So, they knew my speed was there and that helped as well. So, I believe they saw that in me and they knew that if I had a program behind me, I could be the next thing.
You were with the Star team as an amateur rider [and as a professional]. You had a lot of bad luck, some ups and downs. Can you kind of just talk about how much of a struggle was that? Just having to rebuild over and over?
It's definitely difficult. You've always heard it that making a comeback is harder than making it the first time. Well, I had to make the comeback without making it the first time. So, it was very difficult. My first year with Star, I struggled. I had podium speed, but I got injured right away. Then the second year was like my rookie year, and I was able to get sixth in the supercross championship, one point from fifth. So, I did pretty well. Then I went into outdoors and I got a fifth at Hangtown. The track was very technical. Then, unfortunately, I got injured at a public track where some dude just crossed side to side [entering the track]. Everything went just bad after that. Never really got on a good bike after then. Now here we are, building back up. It's personal for me.
So you're going to be doing the East Coast, right?
That's correct as of now, yes.
Where are you based out of now? What's your program like?
Still down at MTF [Millsaps Training Facility]. Ever since I moved to America in September 2009, I've been there living in a motor home. A few things are a little different now. Training, we changed a few things that are definitely going to make me a better rider. But I'm still there. Still the same spot that I moved in 2009. Still working as hard as I did then.
This has been a long road for you. You had to leave your family and you moved to MTF, correct?
Yeah, definitely. That's the reason we went to MTF, because back then it was doable. Nowadays it's not doable with the inflation the country is going through. Back then it was doable, and luckily I did it at the right moment. I had to leave my whole family behind. I was the 14-year-old doing laundry, cooking, learning everything by myself in a motor home. Colleen Millsaps helped me a lot in becoming a man. That's the reason MTF was so beneficial for me and helpful for my family, because there was not a house I could come to. There was no family. There was nothing. It was just I came here to ride, train, sleep, eat. That's it.
A lot of kids go to MTF, and, obviously, going to that training program is huge, but I could only imagine having to leave your entire country. You're not visiting. It must be tough.
It wasn't just like a vacation trip, like I see some people do sometimes. It was like the deal—this is an investment, we've got to make this work. It wasn't like my parents were pushing me. It was me asking them. But how much of sacrifice they were doing for me? I learned to appreciate it by working hard for it. Not speaking the language was another thing that was very difficult.
What are you looking forward to for next year? Obviously with the team and everything.
Well, when you're on a team like this and you're on a bike like this, you definitely know you've got to get in some good results and stuff to show your potential. So, I've got some big goals for myself. I'm training for it.
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," she said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
By The Canadian Press
Notorious kidnapper Evans breaks down as he is placed in prison with “common poor criminals”
Suspected kidnap kingpin Chukwudemeje George Onwuamadike alias Evans is not finding it funny in police custody. He is weeping that he is being held among “common poor criminals”, The Nation learnt yesterday. The kingpin, who was arrested on Saturday at his 3, Fred Shoboyede Street, Magodo, Lagos home, is being kept in a maximum security […]
The post Notorious kidnapper Evans breaks down as he is placed in prison with “common poor criminals” appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
An activist shareholder push to force Exxon to include climate risks in their company reports has spectacularly backfired: Exxon has demonstrated that there is no threat to their business, for the foreseeable future.
Exxon Studies Climate Policies and Sees ‘Little Risk' to Bottom Line
By BRAD PLUMER and HIROKO TABUCHIFEB. 2, 2018
WASHINGTON — In one sign of the pressures that companies face to understand the business risks of stricter climate-change policies, one of the world's biggest energy companies on Friday offered its thoughts on how it would fare in a low-carbon world.
Exxon Mobil's shareholders — concerned that the company's main businesses, oil and natural gas, may be imperiled — had demanded last year that the company give a more detailed accounting of the consequences of global policies aimed at curbing emissions of earth-warming gases. Those policies include the goal of the Paris climate agreement to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels.
Exxon's conclusion: Even aggressive climate policies pose “little risk” to its investments. It stressed that it expected healthy demand for its products for decades to come, regardless of how strongly countries move to cut emissions.
…
Exxon's vast fossil fuel reserves “face little risk” of being left in the ground, the company said. Less than 5 percent of its reserves would be affected under a 2-degree scenario, the company estimated. Under that scenario, Exxon sees the world's oil consumption dropping only slowly in the next two decades or so, and sees demand for natural gas rising slightly.
…
Some climate campaigners were unimpressed with Exxon's climate analysis. “The range of risks that Exxon faces if climate action is taken is far deeper than what's being presented here,” said Adam Scott, a senior adviser at Oil Change International, an energy research and advocacy group.
…
“ExxonMobil's own analysis assumes the world will continue to burn through oil and gas to drive its profits, keeping us on a path toward global temperatures rising well above the 2 degree Celsius threshold,” said Kathy Mulvey, climate accountability manager at the Union of Concerned Scientists.
…
With the 2018 NFL draft just two days away, every team around the league is tweaking their big board and ranking the best available players. NFL Network's Ian Rapoport joined The Rich Eisen Show to discuss the draft on Tuesday, and Rapoport identified three players that he believes will be selected higher than we all think.
“Shooting up the draft boards? I would say McGlinchey, the tackle, probably goes higher than we think. I think Edmunds is a sure top-ten pick, who everybody loves. I literally haven't had anyone say a bad word about him, I think he definitely goes in the top ten. And I think Denzel Ward will go higher than people think.”
Mike McGlinchey – OT, Notre Dame (mock draft average spot: 24.5)
McGlinchey's moved quite a bit both up and down draft boards over the last few months. In our first consensus mock draft, McGlinchey had an average draft position of 12.6, and was expected to go 10th overall to the Raiders. In our 2.0, he fell all the way to an average spot of 24.5.
Tremaine Edmunds – LB, Virginia Tech (mock draft average spot: 10.5)
Edmunds, meanwhile, saw the complete opposite results as McGlinchey in our two mocks. He rose from an average spot of 25.0 to 10.5 by late March.
Denzel Ward – CB, Ohio State (mock draft average spot: 7.8)
In our first mock, Ward was slated to go to the Chargers with the 17th pick, but jumped up into the top 10 with an average draft spot of 7.8 with just a few weeks left until the draft.
… tasks indigenous contractors on infrastructure
By Emmanuel Elebeke
ABUJA- The Minister of Science and Technology Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu says the Executive Order 5 will bring a silent revolution that will enable Nigerian firms to compete for jobs in America in the next 15 years.
He stated that the Ministry is taking the lead in making sure that the country moves in a new direction of a knowledge-based economy.
The minister stated this when the Association paid him a courtesy in his office to seek for patronage and referral in the award of contract in the Ministries.
Dr. Onu said that an Inter-ministerial committee which comprises the Ministry of Power, Works and Housing, Environment, Transport and Science and Technology have been set up to work out modalities for the implementation of the Executive Order 5.
He then challenged the Association of Indigenous Construction Contractors of Nigeria to strive to bolster their skills and competiveness' to enable them bid and compete for job in other parts of the world.
Dr. Onu urged the contractors to take up the challenge in the national interest, assuring that the Ministry will support and encourage all Nigerian professionals in the award of contracts in infrastructural development sector.
Earlier, the National President of the Association, Otunba Lekan-Osifeso said that the association came to solicit for the acceptance of the Association Certificate as the document by which any indigenous Contractor must be identified and also ask for a Resident Desk Officer of the Association in the Ministry.
“With an increase in participation of Indigenous companies by up to 30%, capital flight cases will drop by 60% because up to 40% of the wealth generated percolates the economy and construction related employment will grow by up to 25% annually”.
“It will impact on our gross domestic product and yield better returns for Government's investment on the long run, we want to build a formidable indigenous construction industry that is capable of attracting funding from financial institutions locally and internationally based on reputation and credibility, thus enhancing our participation in PPPs and contractor finance projects”.
‘‘It is high time to build Nigerian Construction empire that would be a cynosure of eyes worldwide, noting that “Nigeria can only succeed if we start encouraging our own engineers, graduates and contractors.''
Abuja – The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, says overloading of trucks is against road safety rules and regulations and constitutes barrier to prosperity and national development.
Fashola said this on Monday in Abuja during a one-day public enlightenment programme on developments in the road sector organised by the ministry.
“Why the temptation to overload trucks against regulation and good practice may be appealing, it is ultimately a barrier to prosperity.
“Such practices may provide cheap and perhaps corrupt riches and income in the short term but they do more damage to our roads for which the cheap income is made.
“Those who engage in it prosper at the expense of others, this means that in the short run, the road is lost and the opportunities it offers diminishes,” he said.
He said the enlightenment programme was for stakeholders to recognise that they were actors of the change that would lead the country to prosperity.
According to him, all over the world, one common trend to prosperity is the level of compliance to laws and regulations for every nation that prosper; there is high level of compliance.
“In those societies, where there is high level of compliance, what you are likely to see is that the trucks are parked in proper parks and those parks create secondary opportunities to create jobs.
“You will not see trucks parked on the highways which impede access and opportunities; you will see trucks carrying the specified tonnage of cargo because they want the load protected,” he added.
He said the programme was for the stakeholders to brainstorm on ways to optimise the opportunities to be created by network of roads within the ECOWAS sub-region.
“This meeting will deliberate on how we can optimise opportunities that lie in road network like the trans-Sahara highway which connects Nigeria to Chad, Niger Republic, Tunisia, Republic of Mali and Algeria.
“We will indeed see how we can optimise the opportunities that lie along the Lagos to Abidjan highway that runs through the Republic of Benin, Togo and Ghana,” he added.
Speaking, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, the Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) commended the ministry for the programme.
He said the public enlightenment for stakeholders ahead of the federal government plan to commence enforcement of the regulations was a step in the right direction.
He said the commission arrests an average of 200 vehicles daily for excessive overloading, adding that the enlightenment would enhance the operation of FRSC.
Other stakeholders at the programme commended the federal government for the initiative and pledged their support to ensure full compliance.
The stakeholders at the event included the Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN), National Association of Road Transport Owners (NARTO), National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD). (NAN)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says Pause
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
So this is actually happening.
A Facebook event was created to draw together a most die hard King of the Hill fans and yell “Bwah” on the Continental bridge. The event even caught the attention of the shows creator and fellow Texan Mike Judge.
Good luck with this. https://t.co/072VPXawjv — Mike Judge (@MikeJudge) October 6, 2017
WFAA says that fans are encouraged to dress up as their favorite character as well. Not only will everyone be yelling Bwah, but a contest of the
– Longest Bwah
– Best Bwaahh
– Best “I tell you what.”
– Best “Dang it, Bobby.”
– Best “That boy ain't right.”
– Best “I DON'T KNOW YOU! THAT'S MY PURSE!”
– Best Boomhauer Speech
– Best Peggy “WHOOOYEAHHHHH!”
It's not too late to practice your Bwah yell and get out to the Continental bridge at 1 on Saturday October 7th.
Photo courtesy of Sky Sports.
For the past several months, ever since the heavyweight championship between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko was finalized, Showtime's boxing head Stephen Espinoza would smile sheepishly at reporters who approached to ask if the network was any closer to announcing the U.S. television rights for the bout.
Not yet, we're getting closer, it's complicated, became common buzzwords for Espinoza, who finally won't have to go into detail about the thorny negotiations of making a deal for the April 29 bout any longer. On Monday, it was announced that Showtime will produce its own broadcast of the London bout, live at 4:15 p.m. ET, while HBO will televise the bout tape-delayed at 10:45 p.m. ET the same day, allowing both networks to split the rights for the bout. The negotiations took so long and became a storyline unto itself because Showtime has Joshua under contract while HBO owns the U.S. rights to Klitschko. Neither would surrender such an attractive bout that could change the complexion of the heavyweight division for years to come.
Joshua (18-0, 18 knockouts) is set to defend his IBF title against former champion Klitschko (64-4, 53 KOs) at a sold-out Wembley Stadium in London in front of 90,000. The vacant WBA itle is also on the line after Tyson Fury vacated his belts for personal reasons. Joshua promoter Eddie Hearn suggested an option was simply not to air the fight in the U.S. with the HBO-Showtime hurdle muddying prospects for a deal, which was announced nearly 10 days before the fight.
“With the obstacles in place, it would have been any easy resolution to not air the fight in the States,” Hearn said in a press release. “But I want to thank HBO and Showtime for their perseverance and allowing America to see one hell of a fight at our national stadium in front on 90,000 passionate fans.” Espinoza said the fight could serve as a “changing of the guard” for the division “as (Joshua) attempts to establish his legacy against the legendary” Klitschko.
Peter Nelson, HBO's boxing decision-maker, lauded the networks for finding a way to resolve their differences. “Both promoters and both networks have found a solution that enables boxing fans in the U.S. to watch the world heavyweight championship,” he said in the release. “This agreement ensures that our subscribers have access to same-day primetime coverage of the fight. It will mark Wladimir Klitschko's 22nd appearance on HBO and the first for Anthony Joshua.”
(CNN) -- With a swipe of a pen Monday, Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed into law a bill that prevents women from getting abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. His state, effective immediately, now holds the distinction of having the earliest abortion ban in the nation.
"As I have repeatedly said, I want Mississippi to be the safest place in America for an unborn child," Bryant tweeted this month in anticipation of the bill's passage. Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves echoed that sentiment Monday, tweeting "It's a great day in Mississippi" along with a picture of the signing.
Also known as the Gestational Age Act, Mississippi's new law makes exceptions only for medical emergencies or cases in which there's a "severe fetal abnormality." There are no exceptions for incidents of rape or incest.
The law also puts physicians on notice. Doctors who perform abortions after 15 weeks will be required to submit reports detailing the circumstances. If they knowingly violate the law, their medical licenses will be suspended or revoked in Mississippi. If they falsify records, they will face civil penalties or be forced to pay fines of up to $500.
The measure is just one in a string of efforts to diminish access to abortions in Mississippi, critics say.
"Abortion is a safe medical procedure and it is a critical part of the broad spectrum of reproductive health care that a woman may use in her lifetime," said Felicia Brown-Williams, Mississippi state director for Planned Parenthood Southeast Advocates, in a statement. "This ban is not only unconstitutional -- it endangers women's health care across our state. If legislators truly cared about women's health, they would be focused on ways to improve access to health care for women, not restrict it."
Access to abortions in Mississippi was already highly restrictive.
It is among a small handful of states that has one remaining clinic: in this case, Jackson Women's Health Organization. Although Mississippi is among the states with a 20-week ban, up until the enactment of this latest bill, the cutoff time for abortions at the Jackson clinic was 16 weeks. And since hospitals won't perform abortions, the resulting one-week change brought on by this new law is "arbitrary," based on "capricious whim" and a way to "feed political meat" to a political base, said Dr. Willie Parker, board chairman of Physicians for Reproductive Health.
Mississippi is the only state in the country that requires physicians who perform abortions to be board-certified or board-eligible obstetrician-gynecologists, a fact that's being challenged in court as unconstitutional by the Center for Reproductive Rights. Parker, an OB/GYN, explained that he could be trained in a plastic surgical procedure and be free to perform that procedure in Mississippi, even though he's not a board-certified plastic surgeon. But a family physician, a surgeon or an internist trained to perform abortions isn't given the same leeway.
Mississippi also requires in-person counseling and a 24-hour waiting period before receiving an abortion, which means women must make repeat trips to the facility -- a fact that's especially burdensome for those living outside Jackson. Health plans under the Affordable Care Act, insurance policies for public employees and public funding for abortions can be applied only in cases of rape, incest, fetal impairment or when a life is endangered, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
About 2,000 women a year in Mississippi receive abortions, Parker said. The vast majority, 88%, receive them in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. So by 15 weeks, he estimates, 200 women in Mississippi who should have access to an abortion no longer will.
For women living in poverty who need time to gather resources to pay for an abortion and for those outside Jackson who need to find ways to cover additional expenses associated with travel, House Bill 1510 will close the door to a procedure that's been a legal right for women since the passage of Roe v. Wade in 1973.
Proponents of the bill, like Mississippi State Rep. Dan Eubanks, argue that this law will do what's best for women.
"Beyond the obvious debate of trying to save the lives of innocent babies, there is the often less discussed issues that relates to the health of the mother who receives an abortion," Eubanks wrote in an email. "When did looking out for the life, health and overall wellbeing of a child or its mother start getting labeled as extreme in this country?"
Eubanks says that the longer a woman carries a child in her womb, "the greater the potential she will suffer from psychological, emotional, and physical damages as an outcome," though that contention is generally disputed by those who advocate for safe access to abortions.
The new Mississippi law is expected to be challenged in court.
The Center for Reproductive Rights points out that similar efforts in other states -- Arizona, North Dakota and Arkansas -- were shot down on constitutional grounds. And the advocacy group expects that this bill to ban "pre-viability abortion" will similarly be stopped.
"Mississippi politicians' flagrant assault on reproductive rights will not go unchallenged," said Lourdes Rivera, senior vice president of US programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights, in a written statement. "This bill is dangerous and unconstitutional. The Center is prepared to answer any attempt to undermine 40 years of Supreme Court precedent with the full force of the law."
TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Just hours after quitting Twitter over the fallout from her racist comments, Roseanne Barr was back on social media explaining her offensive comments. She blamed it on the Ambien.
"Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me," Roseanne wrote. "It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-I went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please."
It's been reported that Ambien causes people to drive, cook, eat, talk, shop and have sex without remembering any of it. Tweeting under the influence of Ambien certainly could happen. But doctors — and Sanofi, the drugmaker that manufacturers the sleep aid — agree that the drug doesn't cause racism.
Sanofi, admits that "getting out of bed while not being fully awake and do an activity that you do not know you are doing" is a side-effect of using the drug. The company urges people to call their doctors if they experience this, which is also known as a parasomnia. But Sanofi also pushed back against Roseanne.
"While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication," the company shared on Twitter early Wednesday.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - The Broward Sheriff's Office extended their helping hand for families in need by partnering with Habitat for Humanity.
In the midst of Saturday morning's rain and cold weather, deputies and volunteers constructed a home as a way to serve their community.
“It's an honor for us to be here,” said a deputy. “We have 35 people from the Broward Sheriff's Office that are volunteering their own time because they want to give back to the community.”
BSO and Habitat for Humanity helped families like Carolle and Johnson Stremy. “We're currently living in a two-two,” said Carolle. “We have our five children, my elderly parents.”
Soon, the Stremys will move into a brand-new home, a cause Sheriff Scott Israel and his agency wanted to be a part of. “It's not only law enforcement, it's the Department of Detention, our firefighters, it's our civilian personnel,” Israel said. “A great bunch of men and women to work with.”
Last week, BSO participated in a grocery giveaway and now, they're in hard hats working on a roof. Among the volunteers were even the Sheriff's wife and son.
Many volunteers said they hope this is not the last bit of work they can do for the community. “There are a lot of great things in Broward County, but there are a lot of people that need help,” said Israel. “That's our job to help people.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
"These next two months will tell us a lot,” Sypher said. "Silverton is the city I monitor for precipitation."
Because much on the region relies on surface water, residents are being encouraged to take on a water-conservative attitude.
"Number one to me is the conservative attitude towards water,” Sypher said. “If you just go through and stop washing your hard surfaces water, use a broom. If you go through and you are just conscious of running water when you are brushing your teeth or you are shaving or washing your vegetables."
Residents are also being encouraged to take care of unnecessary brush in an effort to avoid potential fires. Despite the precautionary measures being adopted, officials say there is still time for the weather to bring some precipitation to the region.
"We can get a turnaround this time of year – and we have in the past – where we get a lot of spring snow," Sypher said, "and it could turn everything around."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: 3i considers giving Agent Provocateur the slip
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
President Jacob Zuma of South Africa has urged the African National Congress (ANC) to identify and punish party members who voted against him in a no-confidence motion in parliament on Aug. 8.
Some 30 ANC lawmakers supported the opposition motion in a secret ballot, not enough for it to pass but the defection exposed rifts within the ANC that could weaken Zuma's ability to influence the choice of next party leader at elections in December.
Addressing an ANC meeting, Zuma called the defectors “people who have double hearts, one for the ANC and one for other parties,” and said they “must be taken to the (ANC) disciplinary committee,” South African media reported.
“What our enemies (opposition members of parliament) were doing was to say: ‘How can we destroy the ANC and weaken it, so that we can take control of the country?' … We should never do it again,” Zuma was quoted as saying.
It was unclear how the party would be able to determine who had voted against Zuma or what action could be taken against them.
The president said he would discuss the issue of dissenters at a meeting of the ANC on Monday.
ANC communications officials were unavailable to comment.
Critics say Zuma's priority is to ensure he retains sufficient control over the party to ensure that his chosen candidate succeeds him as leader so he can avoid scrutiny over corruption allegations that have dogged his eight years in power.
Zuma has denied wrongdoing.
The opposition sought to oust Zuma after he removed finance minister Pravin Gordhan in March, a move that hit the financial markets and prompted two credit ratings agencies to downgrade South Africa's debt rating to junk status.
Following the failure of the no-confidence motion, the main opposition Democratic Alliance party said it would bring a motion to dissolve parliament and call a general election.
The ANC, which has a strong majority in the assembly, dismissed the DA's call as “dreams and hallucinations”.
“Recognize. Represent. Reclaim. Revolutionize.”
THIS is how you break the internet. NYLON magazine has assembled an all-star cast of Black women in front of and behind the camera to tell a dynamic and revolutionary beauty story for Black History Month. The vibrant February cover (shot by Adrienne Raquel) features 5 diverse women of color who are fast becoming forces within the fashion industry not only for their beauty, but for their contributions to the culture.
The cover is shot against a beige-pink background and features 5 dynamic Black women dressed in beautiful primary colors with bold eye makeup to boot. The cover is so simple, yet so powerful and strong. Gabrielle Korn, Editor-In-Chief of NYLON Magazine since April 2017, exclusively told Hello Beautiful,
Obviously Black women are underrepresented in fashion. Rather than just pointing that out, we're doing something actionable, timed to the overlap of a fashion month with Black History Month (though we're always conscious of diversity in our content and make sure that women of color have a strong presence in everything we do). By devoting the cover to up-and-coming Black models, we're simultaneously calling attention to the issue at hand, and using our platform to elevate the voices we're talking about. – Gabrielle Korn EIC of Nylon
Nylon's Editor-In-Chief Gabrielle Korn assembled a stellar glam squad to create the vibrant cover and corresponding story (with intro written by the prolific Roxanne Gay). The team consisted of Christine Nicholson on wardrobe, Kim Weber on makeup, Andrita Renee on hair, and Gracie J on nails. The ladies played with vibrant colors and textures to create stunning visuals.
Let's meet the ladies!
Diana Veras
“I feel like everybody needs that push, someone who looks like them, so that they can be like, ‘Shit, maybe I can do it one day, too.'”
Discovered at age 17 by a photographer at a fashion event, the now 22-year-old Veras has modeled for major designers like Marc Jacobs. She also has amassed a huge Instagram following celebrating body positivity and inclusion.
Ezinma
“Fashion and branding now want to hear stories, so people are able to step out beyond this beautiful facade and show who they really are.”
An old soul 🎻 #classicalbae A post shared by Ezi (@iamezinma) on Jan 21, 2018 at 4:44pm PST
A classical violinist turned model, the uber talented “Ezi” is currently featured on the soundtrack for the highly anticipated Marvel feature Black Panther.
Ari Fitz
“I never saw anyone like myself in film or TV—a black queer woman who's masculine and comfortable within herself. So, [in my projects], I try to tell my 13-year-old self that she's okay.”
Ari is an MTV Real World alum who is taking the fashion and digital world by storm. By challenging the fashion industry's standards of femininity, Ari's androgynous appeal has made her stand out.
Zuri Tibby
“Never give up, don't take rejection seriously, and have fun.”
Zuri made history as the first black spokesmodel for Victoria's Secret Pink line and the Florida native hopes to fulfill her dreams of becoming a Victoria's Secret Angel very soon.
GABRIELLE RICHARDSON
“It doesn't matter who thinks you're beautiful because if you think you're beautiful, then you got it.”
sweet n sour A post shared by west indian art heaux (@fridacashflow) on Jan 16, 2018 at 10:59am PST
The multi-talented Gabrielle is also a co-founder of the online art gallery Art Hoe Collective. She's been in campaigns for American Eagle, Adidas, and Target.
#TeamBeautiful salutes NYLON for this amazing project and we can't wait to see what's next for these 5 dynamic women! Want more? Check out a behind the scenes look at the making of the issue here.
READ THIS:
LET'S MAKEUP: 31 Photos Of Fenty Beauty Stunna On Black Women Of Every Shade
#MODELMONDAY: Ebonee Davis Isn't Afraid To Spearhead Against Racial Injustice In The Fashion Industry
These Black Beauty YouTubers Show The Truth About Tarte's Newest Foundation Launch
DuPage center becoming driving force behind Mexican cultural programs
hello
A 13-foot piñata was added to West Chicago's Mexican Independence Day celebration after the Mexican Cultural Center DuPage took over the planning of the annual event. Courtesy of Mexican Cultural Center DuPage
Fernando Ramirez is committed to promoting his Mexican heritage.
In 2013, he had no experience with scholarship pageants. But that didn't stop him from forming the Mexican Cultural Center DuPage that runs the Miss Mexican Heritage program in West Chicago.
Just two years later, West Chicago's Mexican Independence Day celebration was languishing, but Ramirez's fledgling group stepped up to keep the tradition alive.
Today, the annual pageant is thriving and drawing contestants from around the area.
The September festival, meanwhile, has grown into a two-day event with a parade, live music and a 13-foot piñata. It also features community art projects, including this year's attempt to set a record for the largest mosaic made of reusable cups.
"What Fernando has been able to do is amazing," said Sara Phalen, a member of the cultural center's board. "He doesn't have any small ideas. To get a 13-foot piñata and do a cup mosaic are the kinds of things that get people's attention. It helps them feel pride."
Creating that sense of pride among West Chicago residents is one reason Ramirez was motivated to start the cultural center.
The 32-year-old West Chicago resident said the Mexican community has been a part of the city for about 100 years. About 51 percent of West Chicago's population is Latino.
"I feel like we have an opportunity for the Mexican community to stand up and say, 'Let's do our part in West Chicago and start helping it,'" Ramirez said.
One way to help is to have positive role models.
The cultural center started the Miss Mexican Heritage program in 2013 to encourage young Mexican-American women to promote pride in their heritage, further their education and prepare to become community leaders.
"A lot of people hear that it's a pageant and think it's about girls parading on stage," Phalen said. "But it's a development scholarship program. And it's amazing to hear the girls talk about how much the program has impacted them and given them confidence to go into the world and be successful."
Initially, however, Ramirez admits he knew nothing about pageants. He reached out to other groups for advice.
He also sought help from the city and local school districts. That support helped spread the word about the program. This year, the college-age contestants came from West Chicago, Addison, Warrenville and Oswego.
In addition to establishing the pageant as a new tradition, the center took over one of the biggest cultural celebrations in West Chicago -- the Viva Mexico Independence Day Festival.
The city had hosted the celebration for many years but canceled it in 2012 because of a lack of interest and support. The event returned the following year after volunteers decided to revive it.
However, organizing the festival requires an extraordinary amount of time and energy.
"There were other community members that really wanted to see it continue," Phalen said. "But they couldn't put together a big enough coalition to do the work."
Ramirez said the festival is important because it's an excellent way to educate people about Mexican culture. So when the center leaders decided in 2015 to present the festival -- with funding from the city -- one goal was to expand it.
The festival long has featured a parade, live music and a re-enactment of "El Grito," or the cry of independence made by revolutionary Miguel Hidalgo.
But the new organizers added a 13-foot donkey piñata to the festival's finale. The Fiberglas-and-wood creation is hoisted via a crane about 30 feet in the air and then opened, filling the street below with nearly 80 pounds of candy and treats for children to scoop up.
Community art projects also have become a part of the festival.
"Art in many ways is the universal language," Phalen said. "It brings people together. You may not know your neighbor very well. But if you go somewhere and listen to music or paint together, you have a bond and a connection."
That was the idea behind this year's mosaic, assembled on Main Street near Washington Street. Festivalgoers placed more than 11,000 reusable plastic cups using a template to create the colorful mosaic depicting a train.
In 2016, the festival was turned into a two-day event. While it draws many from West Chicago, Phalen said a number of residents from other towns attend.
Currently, Ramirez and Phalen serve on the cultural center's board along with Lizette Ramirez, Alvaro Guerrero, Omar Espinoza, Kristina Davis, Fil Guipoco, Tom Tawney, Jackie Gutierrez, Jessie Felix, Grisel Pacheco and Dominique Mendez.
Ramirez said he and other board members have ideas to improve and grow the festival. They also would like to do something outside West Chicago in the future.
"So we can really be a DuPage organization," Ramirez said. "Ultimately, it goes to our core of getting people excited about the Mexican community."
Curious about their roots, consumers are spending tens of million of dollars each year getting their DNA tested and then proclaiming they are one-quarter Irish, 22 percent Scandinavian or 14 percent Native American.
These pie charts of ethnicity make for great water-cooler conversation. But what about the science? Experts say it is still in its infancy, can reinforce stereotypes and sometimes is flat-out wrong.
Scott Woodward, a former employee of Ancestry.com who helped build the company's database of ethnic markers, said DNA services are prompting millions to ask questions about their family history. He sees that as beneficial. But he's troubled that so many consumers see ethnic analysis as a hard science, when there are well-known limitations.
"It is a very, very hard problem," said Woodward, a Utah academic who previously was Ancestry's director of genomic discovery. "People like to draw hard lines with ethnicity, and they should be fluffy clouds."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Ancestry — the industry leader, with more than 5 million people tested — marketed its DNA-testing kits by claiming it offers five times more detail about family history than competitors. Some independent evaluators have praised the company for how it presents ethnicity data and places it in a historical context.
But Ancestry officials acknowledge there are large data gaps that prevent making connections between people's DNA and certain ethnic groups worldwide.
Ancestry is strong in analyzing the bulk of the U.S. population — people of European descent and African-Americans whose ancestors came across the Atlantic on slave ships, particularly from West Africa.
But the company's analysis is less strong in teasing out the ethnic background of people whose ancestors came from China or India — countries that now comprise 37 percent of the world's population.
"We want to make it better," said Catherine Ball, chief scientific officer for Ancestry. "We are proud of the work we have done so far, yet dissatisfied. We always want to make it better."
Tubes of human spit await processing at the DNA-analysis lab of Illumina, a California contractor for AncestryDNA, on April 16, 2018. Stuart Leavenworth McClatchy
A three-month investigation by McClatchy revealed Ancestry's growth in DNA testing has come with a pattern of broken promises to customers and privacy concerns. But for consumers comfortable with paying a company to analyze their DNA and store it for perpetuity, the bigger question is: Are these test results accurate?
Companies such as Ancestry, 23andMe and Helix make ethnicity estimates by comparing people's DNA to "reference populations" — people who have agreed to have their DNA tested and their family histories shared. Ancestry say it has developed a reference panel made up of 3,000 DNA samples worldwide.
After a customer submits his or her DNA for analysis, Ancestry examines 700,000 markers in that sample and compares it to its reference panel. "Then we come up with statistically plausible distribution of where your ancestors come from," Ball said during a recent interview at Ancestry's science offices in San Francisco.
Ancestry built its ethnicity reference panel from a DNA database compiled by the Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation, which, from 2000 to 2012, collected DNA samples from roughly 100,000 people worldwide. The goal of the foundation, launched by the late Utah billionaire James L. Sorenson, was to demonstrate how people of the world are related to each other.
Utah-based Ancestry.com acquired the database in 2012, six years after Sorenson died. The company now uses the data to explore ethnic differences between customers, a purpose far different than Sorenson's lofty goal.
The Sorenson data has "served as the backbone of our proprietary databases," said Ball. "That has enabled us have a very strong ethnicity estimates for places such as western Africa, places like Scandinavia."
But the foundation's international sampling was far from comprehensive. China and other countries have restrictions on taking DNA out of the country, which limited the number of samples taken from that part of the world. Moreover, the Sorenson foundation had a particular focus on regions where the bulk of the U.S. population originated, said Woodward, who served as the foundation's executive director for 12 years.
As a result, Ancestry's reference panel — detailed in a 2013 "white paper" released by the company — has relatively few DNA samples from China, India and other part of Asia.
For some African-Americans, Ancestry's analysis is superior to that of other companies. Megan Rose Dickey, a writer for TechCrunch, was impressed last year that Ancestry could give her percentage estimates of how much of her DNA came from what is now Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal, instead of lumping it all in as from "West Africa."
Yet others have been less satisfied. When Chinese-Americans take Ancestry DNA tests, they generally learn they have a high percentage of "Asia East" DNA, a category that includes all of China — which has more than 50 ethnic minorities and one fifth of the world's population — and several neighboring countries.
"From a customer's viewpoint, the DNA kits are not cheap at $100," wrote Maria Adcock, a Chinese-American blogger, in a product review last year. "Customers want value, and at least for Asian Americans this value may prove limited."
An Ancestry.com promotion from 2018. Ancestry.com
For years, anthropologists and other critics of commercial DNA testing have warned consumers to approach these tests with a high degree of skepticism.
"They might be accurate, but it might be just as accurate to look at yourself in the mirror," said Jonathan Marks, an anthropology professor at University of North Carolina-Charlotte.
Marks agreed there is benefit in people exploring their ancestor's origins. But DNA tests, he said, too often become an end point in this exploration, instead a place to start.
"People need to realize that genomics companies are a mix of science and corporate hucksterism," Marks said. "You need to think about the difference between the product they are selling, and the product you are buying."
Defenders of DNA testing say it has sparked healthy conversations about heritage, and has furthered family discoveries. Because of DNA testing, orphans have tracked down biological parents. A Vietnam war veteran learned of a son born in Vietnam and later met him for the first time. A daughter learned that her parent's fertility doctor was her father, having deceptively used his own sperm to impregnate her mother, according to a lawsuit filed in Idaho.
But DNA testing, and the way it is interpreted, also may be reinforcing racial stereotypes, according to a 2014 report published in Social Psychology Quarterly. "An unintended consequence of the genomic revolution may be to reinvigorate age-old beliefs in essential racial differences," the report's authors said.
Woodward says he worries about false perceptions as DNA testing booms.
"The whole idea of what is a race biologically is still pretty problematic," he said. "We can take all of the humans on the earth, and we are essentially one big species. The amount of variation, the amount of uniqueness from one population to another population is pretty small compared to the overall."
Ancestry itself has been accused, at times, of reinforcing racial stereotypes.
During this year's Winter Olympics, Ancestry ran TV ads urging people to discover "their greatness." The voice-over equated Scandinavian heritage with "precision," Central Asian heritage with "grace" and British heritage with "drive."
Reaction was strong. Online commenters criticized Ancestry for "textbook racism." A watchdog group, the Center for Genetics and Society, labeled the ad spot as a "socially divisive, genetically essentialist marketing ploy."
For their part, Ancestry officials say they are constantly reevaluating how they market their services and present DNA results to customers. Ball said the company wants to diversify the samples its uses in the ethnicity reference panel, but collecting such samples internationally can be problematic.
"There are a lot of complicated sociopolitical dynamics and cultural dynamics, and you have to be respectful of that too," she said.
Ball added that, if Ancestry has statistical biases, it reflects genomic research, which receives much of its funding from U.S. and European sources. "That doesn't mean we are happy," she said. "We are always pushing."
Others are pushing as well.
In 2016, investors launched a Chinese company called WeGene, promising a more granular analysis of ethnicity for people of Chinese and Asian backgrounds. Customers who have had their DNA analyzed by Ancestry or 23andMe can load their raw data onto the WeGene site, and get a more breakdown of their ancestry, whether it be Han Chinese, Hmong, Tibetan, Dai or other ethnic groups.
But the accuracy of WeGene's analysis is difficult to verify. As the anthropologist Troy Duster wrote in 2009, "There is a complete absence of regulation or quality control with genetic ancestry testing."
Coming tomorrow: Why is AncestryDNA's main research partner so secretive?
The Race to the Cup was the event of the day, but for a handful of young Steamboat Springs alpine snowboarders it's a race to the rings that has dominated their thoughts.
Competitions Saturday and Sunday brought top competition to Howelsen Hill in downtown Steamboat, and as soon as it was over, some of the best from those races were ready to hit the road and catch flights to Italy, where they'll begin competition for the season on the World Cup circuit.
If that goes as well as they are hoping it might, an even bigger trip could await in February, to South Korea for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
"I'm a little nervous. Who wouldn't be," Steamboat Springs' 21-year old Maggie Rose Carrigan said. "I'm also really excited."
Steamboat's long been a training hotbed for alpine snowboarding, with many of the nation's and some of the world's best setting up in the city to train with Steamboat Springs Winter Sports Club coach Thedo Remmelink.
Five U.S. men competed at least once on the alpine snowboard World Cup last year and all of that group — led by Michael Trapp, A.J. Muss and Robby Burns — have trained extensively with the Winter Sports Club and will be gunning for the Olympics this year.
Others, like Sunday's Race to the Cup winner, Christian de Oliveira, a Steamboat-trained Australian riding for the Portuguese, are hoping to make the Olympic team for other nations.
The top-ranked U.S. woman, too, is pure Steamboat — Maggie Rose Carrigan, a 2015 graduate of Steamboat Springs High School, who's only this season planning on hitting the World Cup full time.
She's opted not to take on the full schedule in the past as she wrapped up work in high school, then started seeking her college degree online from Colorado Mountain College. She's spent her time in the off-season working at the Holy Name Catholic Church preschool.
This year, however, is different, the opportunity for the Olympics too big to ignore. She's taken time off from school and work to focus on her snowboarding.
She's not necessarily worried about her potential results if she were to get in. It'd be a trip to prepare for the next trip, the 21-year old said, considering the 2026 Winter Olympics in Beijing her truest chance to climb the podium.
But, it's a trip she's intent on taking nonetheless.
She has some serious work to do if that's going to happen, and she started with it this weekend in Steamboat at the Race to the Cup event.
She placed third Saturday in parallel giant slalom — the only discipline that will actually be contested at this year's Olympics, much to the disappointment of riders — then was second Sunday in parallel slalom, only faltering two-thirds of the way down the course on her final run of the day.
Canada's Jennifer Hawkrigg won Sunday while Millie Bongiorno, an Australian rider training in Steamboat, took the honors Saturday.
"It really gives me confidence," Carrigan said of her back-to-back podiums in Steamboat. "These races were to get me ready for some big competitions. I'm really ready for the World Cup, and I'm excited."
That was just a warmup, and she planned to leave Monday for Carezza, Italy and the first alpine snowboard World Cup of the season.
Just who she's competing against is complicated.
There are two other American women in the equation for the Olympics, Abby Champagne and Lynn Ott. From that group, it was Carrigan that got the nod to compete last winter at the World Championships, but the Olympics is a different beast.
Each nation can bring four athletes per gender per event, but only a maximum of 26 snowboard athletes, and that counts across all disciplines. There are five disciplines: halfpipe, slopestyle, Big Air, snowboard cross and alpine. So the math doesn't allow eight U.S. men and women in each event.
At some point in January, someone will have to decide whether or not a rider like Carrigan is worth a spot ahead of, say, an extra halfpipe snowboarder, or another slopestyle rider.
It's unclear just how many spots on the team U.S. Olympic officials will allocate to alpine snowboarders, but no one's banking on more than one per gender. And, before anyone worries about their standing against the slopestyle or Big Air team, they'll need to meet the basic requirements set by the Olympics themselves: a top-30 finish in a World Cup and 100 accumulated FIS points.
The U.S. sent just one alpine rider to the 2014 Olympics, Steamboat's Justin Reiter, but a major factor in that was a lack of qualified contenders, and that's what Steamboat riders like de Oliveira, for Portugal, and Bongiorno, for Australia, will be most focused on.
The most basic requirements are within Carrigan's grasp. She's only raced in five World Cups previously and she's placed as high as 35th.
The requirements to make the U.S. team, to get a spot ahead of an athlete in another discipline, will likely be more demanding, however. A podium finish would definitely be enough, but if that doesn't happen Carrigan expects she'll need at least one top-20 result.
"I'm planning on it," she said. "I've been dreaming of it since I was a child. When you grow up here, you have to dream of the Olympics."
She'll have five races to make that happen, starting Thursday with that race in Carezza. There's another a day later in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, a third next month in Lackenhof, Austria and finally two Jan. 20 and 21 in Rogla, Slovakia.
By Festus Ahon, Akpokona Omafuaire & Ochuko Akuopha
ASABA – NIGERIA Union of Journalists, NUJ, Delta State Council has urged the State Government to take urgent steps to synergize with security agencies to curb the menace of ravaging herdsmen to prevent it from degenerating into full blown crisis in the communities across the State.
The union, in a communique issued at the end of its monthly congress, lamented the incessant harassment and killings of farmers by herdsmen in the communities.
The communique signed by the Chairman, Comrade Michael Ikeogwu and Secretary, Comrade Churchill Oyowe
“condemned the attitude of some security agents who wilfully molest members of the NUJ in the course of performing their legitimate duty.
“It explains that just as the security agents are constitutionally empowered to do their job that is how Journalists are also backed to carry out their assigned roles. Both parties should see themselves as partners in progress”.
The communique added: “Congress commended the Delta State Government for taking the bold step in re-awarding failed projects at the Asaba International Airport and the deplorable Maryam Babangida Way in Asaba to a competent contracting firm, Setraco and also thanked the State Government for its effort at finding lasting solution to the perennial flood in Asaba through the construction of deep drains and giving priority ntion to construction/ rehabilitation of major roads in Asaba capital territory.
“Congress equally appreciated the Delta State Government for linking Delta Broadcasting Service (DBS) Asaba to the 330 KVA Line which has made public electricity supply to the outfit stable and invariably put an end to epileptic broadcast of programmes to the viewing and listening public.
“Congress however implores the Delta State Government to explain the current situation of Delta Line Transport Company since it was concessioned to God Is Good Motors with a view to highlighting how much value has been added to the company.”
One person has been shot in an altercation in Fostoria Wednesday night.
Police were called to 224 South Poplar Street for shots fired around 10:30 p.m.
Police say in the middle of the 911 call, the caller said that someone had just been shot.
Police arrived to the scene and found the male who had been shot sitting outside.
He was transported to ProMedica Fostoria Community Hospital, and was later taken to a Toledo hospital.
The shooter has been identified and is also receiving treatment for injuries suffered during the altercation.
The investigation is ongoing.
No one has yet been charged.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
From left, first row: Rita Lowry and Jessica Franklin. Second row: Diane Drobinski, Michael Speranzo and Robin Opeil.
Biondi-Franklin Insurance Agency
790 Northern Blvd., Suite F, South Abington Township
570-587-2840
qualityinsurance.com
Owner: Michael J
Speranzo
Products and/or services offered: Auto, (including Motorcycles and motor homes) Home, Business, Life and Flood Insurance
What sets you/your business apart?
Mainly putting customers first. Coverage in order to protect them at the best price. Customer service is number one.
I have a great staff that preforms annual reviews for coverage and changes in customer needs.
What is your favorite part of doing business in the Abington's?
The community aspect – everyone is so accommodating – local businesses and groups. We are a long-time business here in the Abington's since 1979, it will be 40 years next year and I am here four-and-a-half years.
Other information: I have worked for Erie Insurance for 28 years, 15 years as an adjustor, eight years as district sales manager and now as an owner. My insurance background helps me handle customer's needs. As an independent agent, I am able to price quotes from 15 different carriers, which gives my customers more options.
Family: Fiancé Robin and children Mike, 18; Tyler, 17, and Ethan, 10.
Douglas Borthwick, Managing Director/Head:FX, Chapdelaine & Co, discussed what's driving yields higher with Doug Krizner and David Ingles. He moves on to saying he thinks the dollar-yen pair is mispriced and says trade is less and less of an issue for China as they increase domestic demand.
Running time 08:02
From the UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGE and the “I have a bridge to sell you in Brooklyn” department. These fools really believe the horrendously flawed 97% consensus argument, which has been refuted by other scientific papers, wins over conservatives in the climate change debate. I'm reminded of this quote from Mark Twain:
Presenting facts as ‘consensus' bridges conservative-liberal divide over climate change
In the murk of post-truth public debate, facts can polarise. Scientific evidence triggers reaction and spin that ends up entrenching the attitudes of opposing political tribes.
Recent research suggests this phenomenon is actually stronger among the more educated, through what psychologists call ‘motived reasoning': where data is rejected or twisted – consciously or otherwise – to prop up a particular worldview.
However, a new study in the journal Nature Human Behaviour finds that one type of fact can bridge the chasm between conservative and liberal, and pull people's opinions closer to the truth on one of the most polarising issues in US politics: climate change.
Previous research has broadly found US conservatives to be most sceptical of climate change. Yet by presenting a fact in the form of a consensus – “97% of climate scientists have concluded that human-caused global warming is happening” – researchers have now discovered that conservatives shift their perceptions significantly towards the scientific ‘norm'.
In an experiment involving over 6,000 US citizens, psychologists found that introducing people to this consensus fact reduced polarisation between higher educated liberals and conservatives by roughly 50%, and increased conservative belief in a scientific accord on climate change by 20 percentage points.
Moreover, the latest research confirms the prior finding that climate change scepticism is indeed more deeply rooted among highly educated conservatives. Yet exposure to the simple fact of a scientific consensus neutralises the “negative interaction” between higher education and conservatism that strongly embeds these beliefs.
“The vast majority of people want to conform to societal standards, it's innate in us as a highly social species,” says Dr Sander van der Linden, study lead author from the University of Cambridge's Department of Psychology. “People often misperceive social norms, and seek to adjust once they are exposed to evidence of a group consensus,” he says, pointing to the example that college students always think their friends drink more than they actually do. “Our findings suggest that presenting people with a social fact, a consensus of opinion among experts, rather than challenging them with blunt scientific data, encourages a shift towards mainstream scientific belief – particularly among conservatives.”
For van der Linden and his co-authors Drs Anthony Leiserowitz and Edward Maibach from Yale and George Mason universities in the US, social facts such as demonstrating a consensus can act as a “gateway belief”: allowing a gradual recalibration of private attitudes.
“Information that directly threatens people's worldview can cause them to react negatively and become further entrenched in their beliefs. This ‘backfire effect' appears to be particularly strong among highly educated US conservatives when it comes to contested issues such as manmade climate change,” says van der Linden.
“It is more acceptable for people to change their perceptions of what is normative in science and society. Previous research has shown that people will then adjust their core beliefs over time to match. This is a less threatening way to change attitudes, avoiding the ‘backfire effect' that can occur when someone's worldview is directly challenged.”
For the study, researchers conducted online surveys of 6,301 US citizens that adhered to nationally representative quotas of gender, age, education, ethnicity, region and political ideology.
The nature of the study was hidden by claims of testing random media messages, with the climate change perception tests sandwiched between questions on consumer technology and popular culture messaging.
Half the sample were randomly assigned to receive the ‘treatment' of exposure to the fact of scientific consensus, while the other half, the control group, did not.
Researchers found that attitudes towards scientific belief on climate change among self-declared conservatives were, on average, 35 percentage points lower (64%) than the actual scientific consensus of 97%. Among liberals it was 20 percentage points lower.
They also found a small additional negative effect: when someone is highly educated and conservative they judge scientific agreement to be even lower.
However, once the treatment group were exposed to the ‘social fact' of overwhelming scientific agreement, higher-educated conservatives shifted their perception of the scientific norm by 20 percentage points to 83% – almost in line with post-treatment liberals.
The added negative effect of conservatism plus high education was completely neutralised through exposure to the truth on scientific agreement around manmade climate change.
“Scientists as a group are still viewed as trustworthy and non-partisan across the political spectrum in the US, despite frequent attempts to discredit their work through ‘fake news' denunciations and underhand lobbying techniques deployed by some on the right,” says van der Linden. “Our study suggests that even in our so-called post-truth environment, hope is not lost for the fact. By presenting scientific facts in a socialised form, such as highlighting consensus, we can still shift opinion across political divides on some of the most pressing issues of our time.”
###
The paper (paywalled): https://www.nature.com/articles/s41562-017-0259-2
It should be noted that the authors, listed below, are well known for trying to enforce the consensus with “studies” like these.
Department of Psychology, School of Biological Sciences, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK Sander van der Linden Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA Anthony Leiserowitz Center for Climate Change Communication, Department of Communication, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA Edward Maibach
Advertisements
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department asked for the public's help to find 65-year-old Pamela Thrasher.
A 65-year-old woman reported missing in Las Vegas has been "safely located," police confirmed Thursday.
Pamela Thrasher was last seen Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. in the area of East Owens Avenue and Pecos Road. Police said Thrasher is considered to be in danger.
She was wearing a black shirt and gray pants and may need medical attention, Metro Police said. She was described as 4-foot-11 with black hair and brown eyes.
All hospitals were asked to check their registries for Thrasher and notify police immediately if she's located.
Anyone with information Thrasher was strongly encouraged to contact the police by calling (702) 828-2907 or emailing missingpersons@lvmpd.com.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” he asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
The beloved coffee chain is about to up its game in the coffee shop world. Ice cream will soon be added to the menu!
The ice cream will be sold on their Roastery Affogato menu and blend the worlds of ice cream and espresso together. The menu will appear this week in Los Angeles, Boston and Washington, DC and eventually be available in over 100 Starbucks across the US. So for now just hold on and wait for your turn.
The term “affogato” means “drowned” when translated from Italian to English, and Starbucks' affogato-style dessert is just vanilla ice cream drenched in steamy espresso. The menu items will come in three different forms: Classic Affogato, the House Affogato and the Shakerato Affogato.
The Classic Affogato is made by pouring two shots of Starbucks espresso over the ice cream. The House Affogato adds a touch of demerera syrup and cinnamon to the mix. Lastly the Shakerato Affogato is made by shaking the espresso until chilled, pouring it over the ice cream and adding vanilla syrup and mint.
Other ice cream options will be the Cold Brew Float (made from pouring cold brew over ice cream), and the Cold Brew Malted Shake.
There are five primary factors that determine your FICO score: a 35% weighting is given to payment history, 30% to the amount you owe, 15% length of history, 10% new credit, and 10% types of credit use. You can spruce up your credit score by improving on any of these factors. Here are some ideas.
Simply put, having a high credit score saves you money. Consider a mortgage loan: If you have excellent credit, you may be able to secure a mortgage loan that is as much as 1.5 percentage points lower than someone with marginal credit. That could save you hundreds of dollars every month--thousands every year.
Tip #1: Fix Errors
Start by making sure there isn't any incorrect information on your credit report. Most errors, such as duplicated information, incorrect addresses, or credit limit errors, don't have a significant impact.
But some can be bigger deals. Here's a scary statistic: One in four consumers have at least one potentially material error on one or more of their three credit reports, according to a study by the Federal Trade Commission.
Experts say you should check your credit report once per year. There are many websites that offer free credit reports, but www.annualcreditreport.com is the website the FTC recommends.
Start by checking the public records section of your credit report. If a lien or bankruptcy that isn't yours shows up on your credit report, it's probably having a severe impact on your credit score and you should go to the public agency to get it corrected as soon as possible.
If you find a less significant error, such as a mistake in the identifying information or credit accounts data, you can dispute the information with the credit reporting agency. Here's how that works:
Submit a written statement (100 words or fewer). You can use this sample letter from the Federal Trade Commission to get an idea of how to format your statement and what information to include.
The credit agency has 30 days to investigate the matter and respond to you. When the investigation is complete, the credit reporting company will give you the results in writing and a free copy of your report if the dispute results in a change.
If the credit reporting company decides not to change the information in your report after your appeal, you can ask that a statement of the dispute be included in your file and in future reports. You also can ask the credit reporting company to provide your statement to anyone who received a copy of your report in the recent past. (The credit reporting agency will likely charge you to do this.)
The credit agencies also have online tools you can use to dispute incorrect information: Equifax, Transunion, Experian.
Tip #2: Always Pay on Time
This is pretty obvious, right? It bears repeating. The biggest factor affecting your credit score is your payment history. If you've had late payments in the past, they will affect your credit score less over time if you establish a history of dependable on-time payment. Stay on top of due dates by signing up for automatic bill pay if your credit card company has that option, or set a reminder for yourself a few days before your payment is due.
Tip #3: Don't Borrow Too Much
The next biggest factor affecting your credit score is the amount you owe. Your credit utilization score is calculated by dividing the total amount of money you owe by your total credit limit. (For instance, if you owe $3,000 and your credit limit is $10,000, you have a 30% credit utilization.) Any percentage below 30% is considered good in terms of your credit score.
Tip #4: All Things Equal, Keep Longstanding Accounts Open
Another contributing element is the length of your credit history. Let's say you decide you have too many credit cards and want to close one. You are deciding between one you've had since 2004 and one that you opened in 2016. All things equal, it's better for your credit score to keep the card with the longer history of on-time payment open. Of course, though, this shouldn't be the only factor driving your decision--if the older card has a higher interest rate or annual fee, it could make better sense to close it.
Tip #5: Understand the Effect of 'Soft' and 'Hard' Inquiries
Soft inquiries have no effect on your credit score. When you check your own credit score, or when an employer or landlord is conducting a background check, this is considered a "soft inquiry."
Credit card preapproval offers are also soft inquiries. (Tip: If you really would love to stop receiving those, consumers nationwide can now freeze and unfreeze their credit free of charge; this was part of the Dodd-Frank repeal bill signed into law on May 24.)
Tip #6: Have a Mix of Credit Types
A borrower with a long history of responsibly managing a mix of credit types—such as a mortgage, a credit card, and an auto loan, will likely have a higher credit score than someone with just one type, all else equal.
Tip #7: Seek Out Smart Ways to Establish and Improve Credit
If you're just starting out or you've had some credit missteps in the past, the options below could help you build good credit (provided you pay on time, every time).
A secured credit card. A "secured" credit card is backed by a secured payment that's used as collateral on the loan. Unlike a debit card, a secured credit card can help you establish and build credit. Make sure you understand the fees and conditions when applying for secured credit cards. (Online resources like Nerdwallet.com can help.)
Get credit for paying rent on time and in full. As Experian explains in this post, if you currently rent or are considering renting, ask your property management company if it reports rental payment data to credit ratings agencies. If you rent from an individual landlord or property management company that does not report data, you might be able to sign up with an online rent payment service that works with credit ratings agencies.
An auto loans. Auto loans can be easier for subprime lenders to get than other types of loans. There are a few reasons for this: Data reveals that many people who default on other types of loans still tend to make their car payments in order to retain use of their automobile. Also, auto loans generally require a downpayment and are considered "secured" because the car itself is collateral. The auto credit score used by auto lenders is different than the regular credit score, although it is also calculated by FICO. Many auto lenders base their lending decision on your auto credit score, which is calculated primarily on your previous auto loan history and not your overall credit.
By Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA- COTTON farmers in Nigeria have accused China over collapse of textile industries in the country following contraband textile materials smuggled and labeled made in Nigeria that have flooded the market.
This allegation was made in an address delivered by Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Arewa Cotton and Allied Products Limited, Anibe Achimugu, at the 16th African Cotton Association, ACA, Annual Congress 2018 edition, held in Abuja, on March 14, 2018.
According to Achimugu the Nigerian textile industry, while holding the short end of the globalisation stick, lost out in the struggle with more potent outside economic forces following the damage done by pernicious economic policies of structural adjustment, the Chinese contraband had so thoroughly captured the Nigerian market that it would be impossible for the Nigerian operations to compete.
He further stated that similarly, China's highly competitive manufacturing sector has devastated many smaller-scale rivals across Africa, Asia and Latin America in the course of implementing Beijing's global strategy and pursuit of global ambitions, with growing dominance in global trade.
He said: “The cotton and textile industry is faced with huge predicaments of various origins and types. But, in spite of Africa's many challenges, it is a land of many opportunities, with agriculture as means of producing food and non-food products. We are gathered here today to examine one of these, under the theme, ‘Mechanised Cotton Farming: A Necessity to Boost African Cotton Production'.
“Now, Chinese fabrics fraudulently labeled “Made in Nigeria,” which used to be a hidden international trade, is now an open trade. Their imitation fabrics come through Cotonou in Benin Republic, and undergo trans-shipment by smuggling into Nigeria in a trade estimated to be worth about $2 billion a year, equivalent to about a fifth of all annual recorded imports of textiles, clothing, fabric and yarn into the whole of sub-Saharan Africa. According to a team of experts working for the United Nations, in 2009, ‘The Nigerian textile industry is on the verge of a total collapse'.
“The textile industry was a significant non-oil sector of the economy, which provided direct and indirect employment to the masses. Besides, varied and thriving economic activities were witnessed within the textiles gates and around the host communities. The sector was such a boom that it was rated the second largest in Africa after South Africa. Can the good old days return?”
In his assertion, he said there was need to carry out fundamental reforms of the cotton and textile industry in Africa, basically focusing on a vibrant seed sub-sector, which lack of quality cotton seed and inadequate quantity should be addressed to meet the needs of farmers for seed and to achieve higher yields.
“For cotton you need long fibre, disease resistant seed varieties and those that adjust properly to the vagaries of the weather. Our seed companies must respond well to the challenge. We need to facilitate the establishment of world class seed processing plants in the first instance. Adequate financial support for farmers as well as Research and Development (R&D) on the part of governments will ensure seed production programmes are implemented to produce breeder and foundation seeds for the industry's needs.
As part of the solutions to tackle factors negatively affecting the cotton sub-sector he called for collaboration through Public-Private Partnership, PPP, arrangement that would tap into the combined strength and synergy between the public and private sector practitioners that would enable decisions on price fixing, quality, modern technology, environment and sustainable production.
He also advocated for biotechnology adoption that would increase cotton production as some countries have adopted and applied the technology, therefore have benefited immensely, and added that the adoption of Bt cotton, has helped China, US, India and Burkina Faso, and if adopted by Nigeria would be part of national strategy to mitigate the effects of climate change and boost production.
St. John's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season, winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season.
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday, but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix, as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No. 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden.
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday, finishing with seven boards, four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points. He lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard him and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead, and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left.
“They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad. We didn't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program,” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game. “It was disgusting, really.”
He is a very, very good player and scorer. He doesn't get much national attention because the Johnnies haven't won this year, but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John's to a big win over a good team.
And it's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke's defense. We've come to expect it at this point, right? Duke doesn't guard, particularly dynamic, play-making ball-handlers.
Hell, I don't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game. The fact of the matter is that St. John's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team. They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter. If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning, this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them.
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just doesn't seem to fit.
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again. He finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes. The only field goal he made came with less than a minute left, and if it wasn't for two more threes that he missed on the final two possessions, he would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times.
That said, I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do.
He's trying to play a role. He's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team. He's trying to be the guy that sacrifices his numbers for the sake of winning. The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit.
Take Gary Trent Jr., for example. He's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play, but he's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor, whether Duke is in zone or in man. Wendell Carter might be an all-american, but he essentially plays the same spot on the floor as Bagley, and hes not as good as Bagley is. Then there is Trevon Duval. No one respects his ability to shoot, which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke's bigs.
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor. On Saturday, Duke's offense went directly into the toilet. They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up his fourth foul, but as soon as he went to the bench, Duke's offense looked awful. I'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes he was on the bench.
All told, the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead.
“The basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win,” Coach K said. “We got what we deserved.”
Oh, and Bagley?
He sat for seven minutes midway through the second half, the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create.
And to me, that right there is the most important part of this game.
Duke once again dug themselves a hole. Then Bagley got into foul trouble, and the Blue Devils didn't have the horses to dig themselves back out.
The truth is, other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season, Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament. They needed to come storming back against Texas, and Florida, and Indiana. They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half. Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points.
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common: Marvin Bagley III taking over.
It really isn't hard to frame Duke's season like this: They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley wasn't a super-human.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb faces $400m in lost bookings due to London crackdown
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
Nothing says summer like cold beer, convertibles, sunburns, Don Henley, watching your team slump out of Wild Card contention, and, according to the mad scientists at Sonic at least, pickle juice slushies. No that is not a typo nor an elaborate internet hoax—it is an honest-to-goodness menu item at an actual fast food chain that, as of this morning at least, has yet to be shut down for crimes against humanity. If you think that's bad, here's what it looks like...
and if you think things can't get any worse, here's what it tastes like (via Food & Wine ):
Sweet and tangy, the bright brine compensates for the over-savoriness you might have been worried about. You won't understand why, but you'll keep going back for more sips, likely until it's all gone. Our only gripe is that the slush is a bit too sweet, as if overcorrecting for the acidity.
And so we arrive at the most baffling part of this already mind-frying story: A publication that will tell you which Montepulciano vintage goes best with butternut squash actually liked it. So who knows, maybe we have this all wrong. Maybe pickle juice slushies are just the perverse decadence our sweetooths have been crying out for in the dark of pickle juice slushie-less world. Either way, we won't know until June, when Sonic plans to roll out the green monster—as well the pickle juice syrup itself, which they will let you drizzle all over everything from your Coke to your sundae—nationwide.
‘Science,' wrote Jules Verne, ‘is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.' Perhaps this is why politics, which claims to be a science, is so littered with tremendous errors at the moment.
It wasn't just the pollsters and the pundits in Westminster who called this election wrong. People embedded in constituencies couldn't even correctly predict their own results. These days, politics seems a lot more like alchemy than a real science.
On the night before polling day, a group of Labour MPs compared notes about how things were looking in their patches. It was a miserable conversation in which many were resigned to being dumped by their electorates. Everyone outside a particular metro-politan multi–ethnic bubble reported a hatred of Jeremy Corbyn on the doorstep; hatred of an intensity none of them had seen before. The next day, things still looked bleak. Campaigners knocking on doors in seats such as Wirral South found voters who had once committed to Labour turn around and say they were now off to back the Tories. Meanwhile, Tory MPs with relatively strong majorities were telling one another that their vote was holding up and they couldn't wait for the whole thing to be over so they could get on with their lives.
None of those Labour MPs who'd told their colleagues they expected to lose did so. And perfectly confident Conservative MPs suddenly found their majorities had disappeared, either to nothing or to just a few votes. In all, 33 Tories lost their seats, and 22 of their colleagues who held on did so by a margin of 1,000 or less.
Normally, after knocking on so many doors, parliamentary candidates get to the end of an election with the most detailed picture possible of what voters want from their party. This time around, far too many MPs had reached the wrong conclusion. The doorstep is sacred ground in politics, yet even experienced campaigners were utterly misled by the conversations that took place on it.
MPs are well-versed in reading between the lines of what voters say. ‘I don't know how I'm going to vote', for instance, tends to mean: ‘I'm voting for the other party but because I'm British I'm not going to say it to your face.' So what did they miss?
‘Looking back,' says one Labour MP who had spent weeks listening to voters complain about Corbyn, ‘I think for those of us who were hearing “We don't like Corbyn”, what we didn't hear was anything about Theresa May. And so we didn't realise that the silence from the voters meant they didn't like her either.' At the start of the campaign, candidates in both parties reported voters describing the Prime Minister as a ‘woman who gets things done'. After the botched manifesto launch, voters just stopped talking about her.
It's not the first time Labour voters have complained about the party's leader, either. Andrew Gwynne, Labour's election campaign chief, confesses that he'd forgotten how unpopular Tony Blair was on the doorstep in 2005. ‘We sometimes feed our own fears on this. If I'm honest, in 2005 when we won I got on the doorstep: “I would vote Labour but not for Tony Blair and what he's done in Iraq.” We forget that.' Corbynites also suspect ‘moderate' Labour MPs were suffering from confirmation bias: only hearing what they already thought about their leader and not looking for evidence that challenged it.
Another mistake both sides seem to have made is turning up on the wrong doorsteps. The Tories managed this spectacularly by focusing on the wrong seats, leaving incumbents to fight alone while parading confidently around the north-east. They also took the Remain vote for granted, forgetting that Theresa May had managed to insult
the 48 per cent who wanted Britain to stay in the European Union by calling them ‘citizens of nowhere'.
Labour MPs were so frightened by what they thought Jeremy Corbyn had done to their party's appeal that they became obsessed with retaining their existing voters, not looking for new ones. After weeks of phoning this slice of the electorate, which contained some of the most negative attitudes to Corbyn, the candidates started to believe everyone felt this way.
Meanwhile, both parties were neglecting or struggling to reach a group of voters who appear to have turned out in greater numbers than expected to vote Labour: young people. Not just students, but the under-45s, who are more likely to live in blocks of flats which are difficult for canvassers to access, more likely to be out in the evening when parties are canvassing, and are more likely to have housemates or parents who come to the door and suggest a household is voting one way when its younger inhabitants plan to vote another. Some voters had registered so late that the parties just didn't have any data on them at all. Anyone who has spent much time in politics knows the saying about non-voters — the main thing about them is that they don't tend to vote. Well, in this election, some of those non-voters turned out for Corbyn, unnoticed by campaigners who thought they knew it all.
How do parties reach these mysterious people? Both parties threw vast sums at Facebook campaigning but are not yet comfortable standing on the virtual doorstep. The Tories spent more than £1 million on attack ads on the site, yet lost seats. Labour strategists argue that what helped them was online posts not written by official propagandists but by campaign groups like Double Down News and Red Labour, which shared viral posts suggesting an establishment conspiracy against Corbyn.
Labour is now considering changing its model of canvassing so it is able to collect much more useful data than the basics needed to help get out the party's vote on polling day.
Neither Labour nor the Tories won a majority in the election, and both have lessons to learn. But the problem with a science as inexact as politics is that by the time of the next election, the landscape will have changed sufficiently for there to be a whole load more mistakes available to make.
Kingbird was one of about 100 participants who gathered in the parking lot of the John Glas Fieldhouse on Tuesday for Bemidji's first-ever Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women's Walk. Marchers, including men and children, as well as Native American women, united in solidarity with similar events taking place nationwide, hoping to call attention to the disproportionate amount of violence against Native women.
"We felt that it was very important for us to organize an event for today with the other actions that are happening all over Canada and all over the rest of the United States," said organizer Audrianna Goodwin. "This is a very touching issue for almost all of us in the room ... and we just want to do our part in raising awareness to this issue."
Participants held signs and some wore red shawls during the march from the field house to BSU's Hobson Memorial Union; the group was greeted by honking cars as it traveled along Bemidji Avenue North. Native women and those who had lost family members led the march and allies brought up the rear.
The event was planned by the Indigenous Environmental Network's women's leadership group Ogimaakwewiwin. Group member Simone Senogles said that while Ogimaakwewiwin only became aware of similar marches last week, they decided to do their best to pull together the Tuesday event.
"Even though the time was really, really short we knew that it was something we wanted to do, we wanted to at least try," Senogles told participants. "We're really, really humbled and honored by all of you coming out on this cold day and joining us."
After the march, attendees gathered in the Beaux Arts Ballroom in Hobson. A Planned Parenthood table offered condoms and literature about HIV/AIDS prevention, while Northwoods Battered Women's Shelter and Red Lake shelter Equay Wiigamig also offered information about services. The organizers spoke about violence against Native women both nationwide and locally before jingle dress dancers performed.
"We want to acknowledge that this is a real issue to people," said organizer Anna Goldtooth. "It affects us everywhere, and in our community we've experienced a lot of violence happening in the past few years against Native women."
Each speaker said that much of the violence against indigenous women stems from colonization, even violence within Native communities.
"This violence that's perpetuated against our women isn't who we are. It never was part of our ways to hurt our women," Goodwin said. "I just can't stress enough that this isn't who we are."
WAKEFIELD, MA – 128 Plumbing, Heating, Cooling & Electric, a BBB A+ rated home service company with more than 1,000 five-star reviews online, is celebrating 25 years of serving the greater Boston area.
David Williams founded 128 Plumbing, Heating, Cooling & Electric 25 years ago starting as a one-plumber operation. Now managed by his son Ryan Williams, the company has over 45 employees and tackles plumbing, drain, electrical and HVAC needs. They are celebrating having earned over 1,000 5-star reviews online.
“My father started this business in 1992 at our dining room table,” said Ryan Williams, general manager of 128 Plumbing, Heating, Cooling & Electric. “He is the type that can work harder than anybody else and he has laid the foundation for what the business is today. Our team has allowed us to sustain this growth and build a very strong culture to where it is today. We pride ourselves on our residential service and installation that is built on our high-level of customer service. I believe our dedication is reflected in our growth and receiving the best reviews from our amazing customers that we take a lot of pride in.”
Williams went on to say, “If you take into consideration that only half of all new businesses survive five or more years, and only about a third survive 10 or more years, we are really proud of this achievement.”
Research also shows that close to 90 percent of businesses have fewer than 20 employees.
“We are so proud of the hard work our team puts in every day,” Williams said. “It is because of the daily efforts of each person that we can celebrate 25 years of serving Eastern Massachusetts. We are always looking for more people to join our growing team that will go above and beyond for our customers.”
To learn more about 128 Plumbing, Heating, Cooling & Electric, and any job opportunities they have available, please call 888/419-4233 or visit www.call128.com.
The Killers are back! Brandon Flowers, Dave Keuning, Mark Stoermer and Ronnie Vannucci, Jr. return with new single "The Man" that will have you grooving all summer long. The song, recorded with producer Jacknife Lee during sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, premiered on Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show today. Stream it below:
"I got gas in the tank / I got money in the bank / I got news for you baby, you're looking at the man / I got skin in the game / I got a household name / I got news for you baby, you're looking at the man," Flowers sings on the funky production that proves just how well the band does with disco-rock fusion. "The Man" is the first taste of The Killers' upcoming fifth album.
As of now, there is no confirmed release date for Wonderful Wonderful, the follow-up to 2012's Battle Born. During that time, Flowers released his sophomore album Desired Effect in 2015. The band have headlining gigs throughout the summer at Lollapalooza, Austin City Limits, Voodoo Music Festival, Hyde Park, Tinderbox Festival and more.
Next up, throw it back to Lollapalooza 2013 where Brandon Flowers tells Fuse he's proud The Killers are "accused of being over the top":
Hello Beautiful Staff
Actress Storm Reid attended Star Wars: The Last Jedi premiere clad in an all white Rosetta Getty suit.
The 14-year-old wore a $1,425.00 Rosetta Getty cropped back vest and paired it with $890.00 cropped high rise trousers. She wore a Woolford bodysuit (you can get a similar one here for $97.50) and $295.00 Via Spiga sandals (available at Bloomingdales.com).
Storm wore her hair in box braids and added a playful braid to the left side. Her white manicure and pedicure keeps the whole look fresh! A white and black look always comes across as chic and is perfect for the red carpet.
We're totally here for the fact she looks stylish, yet age appropriate. Hats off to stylist Jason Bolden.
DON'T MISS:
Skai Jackson Gives A Mature Look For The Girl Cult Festival
Yara Shahidi Goes For An White Look At Elle Magazine's ‘Women In Hollywood' Event
Who Is More Fashionable In Fendi: Amandla Stenberg Or Marjorie Harvey?
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Ian Parkinson, sheriff, speaks at a sheriff's candidate forum at the Board of Supervisors chambers. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
By Emmanuel Elebeke
ABUJA—A financial technology solution company, Belfrics Global Technology has launched its operation in Nigeria, Belfrics Nigeria PVT Limited.
Belfrics Nigeria is a subsidiary of Malaysian- based Belfrics Global, a digital finance company that offers a wide range of products and services to the digital currency industry, including a wallet, a trading platform, a payment gateway and others.
The company is known for its Blockchain solution, which entrenches local content and effective regulations where necessary to boost the economy of the country.
The event came after its successful launch of Kenya's operation last week.
Unveiling the solution, the Chairman and CEO of Belfrics Global, Mr. Praveen Vijay explained that the Blockchain solution helps to enhance all existing data base in a system, transparency in government operations and openness in public service.
He said: ‘‘We are bringing Blockchain technology solutions to Nigeria. What we have at the back of our mind when we talk about Blockchain solution is a kind of ripple effect because we want to bridge the gap of multiple corruptions in all government areas and in all facet of public enterprise. It brings transparency, it eliminates corruption.
‘‘Blockchain is not a one of thing, it is kind of a house that houses so many entities on it. We have Blockchain solution in area of health, Blockchain solution on law, finance, land management, tax, e-government. In fact, we have Blockchain in virtually in every facet of life because everything we do is not tangible but digitalized. It is digital information.
‘‘Blockchain solution harnesses all this information and give transparency to it. That is why it recorded everything it does in a ledger. It is like a book everybody goes in and see. But it is not open as you can see tangibles.
‘‘You have to have access before you can get into it. It lays bare, there is no more secrecy in everything government doe or public person does. It eliminates corruption and off-record activities. Once you have access to the solution, which in our own case we provide key to everybody, you can see everything government does. For instance, how many people owns land in Abuja, that is land management.
‘‘It is all about data and information storage. If you are building a Blockchain solution, you have to get information from the primary source and then upload to the secondary source. For people to have access to what we are doing, we recently spoke to NITDA and they are very curious about the solution we are bringing in and if you get such parastatal curious, then there is the possibility it will buy the idea.''
Also speaking on the digital technology solution, the Director Administration and Human Resources, Jay Ukachukwu said Blockchain is coming to eliminate corruption and enthrone openness in governance and all public establishments.
He said people may be sceptical to embrace the technology now but would soon realise the potency in eliminating corruption, double registration and usher in public confidence in every public business and transaction.
‘‘Like when the internet came out, it did not appeal to everybody. Blockchain helps in every area of life. It helps in taxation, medicals, land management and in all areas of life.
‘‘Blockchain technology was developed as an aftermath of what happened in Wall Street in 2008. There was financial down turn in the world called economic meltdown. Then, banks were being liquidated and they were using the opportunity to rip off an ordinary man on the streets,'' he explained.
Blockchain technology started business in 2014 and is now in a multi-national company with operations in 8 countries, including the leading world economies: China, Japan, India, Malaysia and Kenya.
Strong indications of election fraud in Honduras, HRW says
Washington DC, Dec 11 (EFE).- The director of Human Rights Watch for the Americas on Monday condemned the “strong indications of election fraud” in the recent presidential elections in Honduras on Nov. 26.
“There are strong indications of election fraud in Honduras, and the claims need to be investigated and the voter's will respected,” Jose Miguel Vivanco said in a statement.
Also, the director for the Americas of this New York-based organization urged the Honduran authorities to “maintain the right to freedom of assembly and refrain from using unnecessary or disproportionate force.”
“That not only means that all votes should be counted correctly, but also that the Honduran authorities need to guarantee the right to peaceful protest,” Vivanco added.
According to the Supreme Electoral Tribunal of Honduras's latest vote count, the candidate for re-election from the right-wing National Party, Juan Orlando Hernandez, obtained 42.95 percent (1,410,877 votes), while Salvador Nasralla, from the leftist Alliance of Opposition against the Dictatorship, achieved 41.42 percent (1,360,439 votes).
The Electoral Observation Mission of the Organization of American States (OAS) in Honduras also condemned the “irregularities, errors and systematic problems that have surrounded this election,” highlighting that the “the tight margin … does not allow the mission to be certain about the results.”
Violent clashes broke out during the vote recount, causing the deaths of at least a dozen people and triggering the authorities to impose a strict curfew throughout the country.
Princeton professor under fire for using n-word during lecture An anthropology professor at Princeton University allegedly used the n-word multiple times during a lecture this week, prompting several students to walk out as well as an expletive-laced in-class confrontation....
Colossal dinosaur-eating crocodile discovered in Texas A giant, 20-foot long crocodile from the Cretaceous Period has been discovered in the Dallas-Fort Worth area of Texas. Dubbed the Deltasuchus motherali, the ancient beast was discovered by a...
This creature is being called the 'Mona Lisa' of dinosaurs It took scientists nearly 7,000 hours to exhume what some researchers are now calling the ‘Mona Lisa' of dinosaurs. A report released Thursday described the 110-million-year-old creature as “the best-preserved...
Thousands of mental patients could be buried under Ole Miss As many as 7,000 bodies could be buried across 20 acres at the University of Mississippi, according to a new report. The remains are of former patients of the Insane...
Tiny 'hobbits' were actually a separate species: study Big news about little people! The “hobbits” — a tiny species of man that once walked the earth — aren't simply shrunken versions of modern humans as researchers had previously...
Teen accidentally helps discover lost 16th-century civilization in Kansas A long lost 16th century civilization has been unearthed in rural Kansas — all thanks to a plucky teen who helped archaeologists confirm the incredible discovery. The metropolis — where...
How human beings evolved from this disgusting creature Meet the Saccorhytus, your oldest ancestor and your newest nightmare. This week a team of paleontologists described a new link in the chain of human evolution — and it isn't...
A two-day protest outside the San Luis Obispo Superior Courthouse calling for the resignation of Sheriff Ian Parkinson and a county investigation into the death of former County Jail inmate Andrew Holland came to an emotional close Monday as the last protester was released from his makeshift "restraint" chair.
Scores of activists and supporters of the Holland family rallied at the courthouse steps through the weekend following The Tribune's release Friday of jail video capturing Holland's death. Holland died of an embolism caused by a blood clot on Jan. 22, 2017, shortly after spending roughly 46 hours strapped to a plastic restraint chair in a jail holding cell.
The video published Friday contradicts the Sheriff's Office's version of events surrounding Holland's death, and has prompted calls for Parkinson to step down and drop out his bid for a third term in June.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
SHARE COPY LINK Andrew Holland died while in custody at San Luis Obispo County Jail in 2017, after being restrained for 46 hours. This is a look at the events that led to his death, the county's response and the inmates who have died in custody since Holland. Matt Fountain
Holland's death was among 12 at the jail since 2012. An FBI investigation into the case remains ongoing.
Since learning of their son's fate, the Holland family has emerged as vocal leaders of a growing movement to improve conditions for all people with mental illness stuck in the criminal justice system, as well as calling for major reforms in both policy and culture within the County Jail.
"This is a monster we're taking on here," protester Jesse Cutburth, a longtime friend of Holland, said Monday. "It's not just the Sheriff's department, it's the whole system."
Cutburth was the last activist to complete a two-hour shift in the "chair-in" held throughout the weekend, in which residents, some half-naked, took turns sitting in the chair with limited movement, even through the night. Cutburth said that sitting in the chair for even two hours was painful.
Jesse Cutburth was the last volunteer to sit in the chair as the 46-hour protest over Andrew Holland's death at the SLO County Jail wrapped up on Monday, March 19, 2018. Cutburth shared happy memories of Andrew Holland from earlier days. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
"I was able to scratch my nose and I was able to move my feet and my arms a little bit, and I noticed right away after 10 or 15 minutes that I needed to move my arms, at least," he said. "I was able to drink some water and people were coming to check on me — so yeah, nothing at all like what Drew went through."
At about 11 a.m., Holland's parents, brother and cousin marked the close of the impromptu event, thanking the various community groups and residents who helped organize and participate.
"As a mom, I couldn't help but worry about each one of you out here, sitting in that chair, in the cold," Holland's mother Sharon told the crowd.
Carty Holland, Andrew's father, said the chair-in was difficult to watch.
"It just hit me all over again, how long and mercilessly my son sat in this chair," Carty said.
Though protesters called for the resignation of Parkinson and for District Attorney Dan Dow to launch a local investigation into the jail, Andrew's brother Corbin told the crowd the family is also pushing for a change in culture among jail staff. In several instances during the roughly 100 hours of footage obtained by The Tribune, members of the jail staff are seen laughing or otherwise acting inappropriately.
SHARE COPY LINK Andrew Holland died while at the San Luis Obispo County, California jail in 2017. This exclusive jail cell video shows his final days strapped to a restraint chair and left naked in a solitary confinement cell. Maureen Chowdhury
"It's an atmosphere that needs to change for our county, for our community. There's just a simple form of human dignity that we need to treat everyone (with)," Corbin Holland said.
In July, the county awarded the Holland family a $5 million settlement for Andrew's death, which they are using to establish the Andrew Holland Foundation to advocate for people with mental illness stuck in jails.
"This is bigger than Andrew. It's bigger than his death," Sharon Holland said. "This is about so many people who are suffering ... without a voice that never, ever came to light. Well, it is coming to light. And we'll do something about it collectively."
She added: "There will be change."
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson is suing an Arizona-based pharmaceutical company alleging that it illegally marketed a painkiller made from the synthetic opioid fentanyl.
The lawsuit filed Wednesday accuses drugmaker Insys Therapeutics of encouraging physicians to prescribe the painkiller Subsys at higher doses than recommended. The drug is used to manage pain for cancer patients, but Swanson says the company promoted it for improper uses.
The lawsuit also alleges the company paid doctors speaking fees to avoid gift-giving restrictions.
Multiple states have sued Insys, and some have reached settlements.
Health officials in Minnesota have grown concerned about fentanyl abuse. Preliminary data show fatal overdoses caused by the potent narcotic have been on the rise, contributing to more than 150 deaths across the state last year.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Officials have identified the man killed Tuesday in an early morning shooting near the University of Minnesota.
The Hennepin County Medical Examiner's Office says 18-year-old Darrah Host, of St. Louis Park, died of multiple gunshot wounds.
The shooting happened near the Seven Corners area of the West Bank, on Cedar Avenue. Emergency crews brought Host to Hennepin County Medical Center, where he later died.
Sources tell WCCO that investigators are looking at whether the incident began at a rap show at the Ruby Lounge, between Bullwinkle's Saloon and Jewel of India.
So far, no arrests have been made. Investigators are asking witnesses or anyone with information on the shooting to call Minneapolis police at 612-673-2941.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby man who works at Rolls-Royce is appearing on Blind Date tonight.
Chris Wells, 24, of The Crescent, Chaddesden, only found out what he had signed up for part way through an interview to find out if producers thought he was right for the show.
That's because he put his name forward on a website asking for people to take part in reality TV.
He said the advert had asked only for single men who look after the way they look.
Chris, who was brought up in Heanor and went to Aldercar High School said he had a great time on the show - even forging a lasting friendship with one of the other contestants.
The technical support engineer said filming was carried out on July 1 last year.
He said: "It was from 10am to 10pm so it was a full day and quite an experience.
"It really is completely blind. You are in a room and, if you want to go to the toilet, you almost get escorted because that's how much they don't want you to cross paths.
"We had a few beers before going on. We were given one but then asked different people for more."
The show is presented by Paul O'Grady who Chris said was a "really, really nice guy".
It airs at 8pm this evening on Channel 5.
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Thursday June 15.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about call 0118 918 3024, email getreading@trinitymirror.com, send a tweet to @getreading or post a message on our Facebook page.
Today we've got news of a new fight to save Arthur Hill Pool - this time from the developers and a look at the scorching weather coming this weekend.
And there's even a chance to get hold of some free pizza in Reading.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
Girlfriend in tow, Ben Affleck hunts for new NYC pad Oscar-winning actor Ben Affleck and his gal pal Lindsay Shookus, a “Saturday Night Live” producer, have been spotted house hunting at some of the city's poshest addresses, Gimme Shelter can...
Sting selling $56M penthouse in world's 'most powerful' building Gordon Sumner — otherwise known as Sting, one of the world's best-selling musicians — and his wife, producer Trudie Styler, have listed their penthouse apartment at 15 Central Park West for $56...
Why wealthy condo owners haven't paid their taxes They're the owners of some of the priciest real estate in Manhattan — condos in luxe buildings like One57, 15 Central Park West and Trump Tower — and they owe...
A-Rod, brainy gal pal house-hunting on Central Park West Smart is the new hot for Yankee slugger Alex Rodriguez. The baseball star was spotted house-hunting with Anne Wojcicki, the brainy ex-wife of Google co-founder Sergey Brin. Wojcicki, a Yale...
Duplex at 15 Central Park West sells at loss -- for $45M Here's a turkey of a deal — an apartment at 15 Central Park West has just sold at a $3 million loss for $45 million, according to city property records....
Inside New York's most expensive apartment buildings Everyone knows New York apartments are expensive. But this expensive? Real estate research firm CityRealty just released their ranking of the priciest properties in the city. The company's number-crunchers tallied the...
The Big Apple digs soccer star Frank Lampard is eyeing Since soccer star Frank Lampard signed his two year contract with New York City FC, he has taken the time to tour some of the Big Apple's most glamorous rentals...
Renewed drama over 15 Central Park West books Supporting free expression is OK in the abstract, but the residents of 15 Central Park West didn't like it when Michael Gross wrote “House of Outrageous Fortune” about their limestone tower.
Designer scoops up $25M Central Park West pad Designer Elie Tahari just scooped up two units at 15 Central Park West that boasts the largest terrace in the limestone, star-studded building. Tahari paid $25.25 million for the privilege,...
Prices for Brent crude, the global benchmark, rallied Monday to their highest levels since mid-2015 following reports that a major North Sea pipeline will be shut down for weeks to repair a leak.
U.S. oil prices, meanwhile, got a boost as upbeat economic data helped to raise expectations for crude demand, offsetting some pressure from concerns over growing U.S. production.
February Brent crude LCOG8, +1.83% rose $1.19, or 1.9%, to $64.59 a barrel on ICE Futures Europe. A settlement around this level would be the highest since late June 2015, according to FactSet data.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, January West Texas Intermediate crude CLF8, +0.75% tacked on 49 cents, or 0.9% to $57.85 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, after losing roughly 1.7% last week.
Read: Here's how oil, industrial metals could trade in 2018
The Forties pipeline, which carries North Sea crude oil across land for processing at a major refinery in Scotland could be shut down for about three weeks following the discovery of a crack in the pipeline last week, according to a report Monday from BBC News.
The Financial Times reported that the pipeline transports almost 40% of the U.K. North Sea's oil and gas production by connecting 85 fields to the British mainland.
There is speculation that the North Sea pipeline closure will set off several oil-field closures and if that happens, we “expect new highs in the very short term,” Scott Gecas, chief market strategist at Long Leaf Trading Group, told MarketWatch.
WTI oil, the U.S. benchmark, however, saw a more modest gain Monday.
The market is worried about an increase in crude production, particularly from shale, from countries that aren't part of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, said Phil Flynn, senior market analyst at Price Futures Group, in a Monday note.
“But the way things are going on the demand side, they may want to focus on that demand instead,” he said.
‘Oil demand is on an upward trajectory the likes of which we have not seen in decades.' Phil Flynn, Price Futures Group
The U.S. economy is “on fire” as we added 228,000 jobs in November, while the unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1%, said Flynn, citing data released Friday. “The global economy is growing as well, and oil demand is on an upward trajectory the likes of which we have not seen in decades.”
Data released Monday showed that the number of U.S. job openings slipped under 6 million in October, but that was from a record 6.18 million in the prior month.
Expectations for further increases in U.S. oil production, however, have weighed on prices. Baker Hughes BHGE, +0.68% on Friday reported that the number of active U.S. rigs drilling for oil climbed for a third-straight week.
“Given the recent price rises and the hedging activity we've seen and the rise in rig count, it seems almost inevitable that there's going to be a large rise in U.S. production next year,” said Tom Pugh, commodities economist at Capital Economics.
Weekly U.S. government data showed domestic output hit a record, based on weekly figures dating back to 1983, of over 9.7 million barrels a day in the week ended Dec. 1.
On Nymex, prices for January gasoline RBF8, +0.84% rose 1% to $1.733 a gallon. January heating oil HOF8, +0.99% added 1.2% to $1.951 a gallon.
January natural gas NGF18, +2.09% traded at $2.832 per million British thermal units, up 2.2% for the session, after losing around 9.4% last week following a surprise rise in weekly supplies of the fuel.
According to federal prosecutors, Mack and Keith Raniere, 57, are the top two leaders of Nxivm, a self-proclaimed women's empowerment group.
Prosecutors say it required women to provide collateral, such as nude photos, personal property or potentially damaging information, in return for membership and forced them to perform manual labor and sexual acts for leaders.
Raniere was arrested last month in Mexico after federal prosecutors accused him of coercing female members of Nxivm into having sex with him and branding them with his initials, among other crimes.
Mack is prohibited from communicating with former or current members of Nxivm. Pohorelsky and the court's pretrial services are ensuring that California authorities will be able to track her technology use.
A sketch of Allison Mack's bail hearing in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn on Tuesday. Jane Rosenbergnull
In an undated statement posted by the group on its website, Nxivm denies the accusations.
“In response to the allegations against our founder, Keith Raniere, we are currently working with the authorities to demonstrate his innocence and true character,” read the statement. “We strongly believe the justice system will prevail in bringing the truth to light.”
Some of Mack's old tweets from 2013 and 2016 show her attempts to contact and potentially even recruit celebrities like actress Emma Watson and singer Kelly Clarkson into Nxivm.
Mack starred in “Smallville,” about the adolescence of Clark Kent, aka Superman, as Chloe Sullivan, a close friend of the superhero. She also starred as Amanda in the FX series “Wilfred.”
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - A South Florida museum unveiled a new exhibit for the first time, Wednesday.
“Power on!” — a new interactive experience sponsored by Florida Power and Light — is open at the Museum of Discovery and Science in Fort Lauderdale.
The exhibit is part of a $675,000 gift from the energy company.
Visitors can experience electricity in an entirely new way, act as decision makers working to restore power and learn how FPL responds to hurricanes.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trouble-hit Derby primary school has been told by education officials not to appoint any newly qualified teachers after it had failed to improve since being put into special measures nearly TWO years ago.
Landau Forte Academy Moorhead, in Brackens Lane, was told that "weak teaching" and "lack of support from the trust" were to blame for its third damning Ofsted inspection since it was rated inadequate in June 2016.
Inspector Martin Finch also criticised the leaders and managers at the academy for not taking enough action to turn the school around.
The report said: "Leaders have not improved the quality of teaching and learning in key stage 1. Pupils are not making enough progress in Years 1 and 2 because of weak teaching.
"The quality of teaching is weak. Pupils are not making sufficient progress in mathematics or writing.
"Pupils' use of punctuation is weak and has shown little sign of improvement since the beginning of the academic year. Teachers' expectations of writing are too low.
"The trust has not provided consistent, effective support to enable the school to make rapid improvements. Having considered all the evidence, I strongly recommend that the school does not seek to appoint newly qualified teachers."
The academy, which has around 282 pupils, also saw a decline in pupil attendance that fell below the national average.
A spokesperson for the Landau Forte Charitable Trust said the failings had been down to a change in leadership but stated that "strong progress" was currently under way at the academy following the appointment of a permanent head teacher, Fiona Smith.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She said: “We accept the challenges that are laid out in the Ofsted monitoring report and do not shirk from our responsibility as a trust to increase the pace at which improvement is delivered across the school and particularly for our youngest pupils.
"This has been a period of transition for the school and we are very pleased to have now made a permanent head teacher appointment for September. We will not, however, allow this term to go by without a significant acceleration in the progress that has already begun.
"Where the school is doing things well, there is genuine and strong progress under way as Ofsted commend. What we need to do, however, is to ensure that this spreads throughout the school and is consistent in every classroom, in every lesson, so that every pupil gets the quality of education that they deserve.
“We are grateful for the continued support of parents who appreciate the effort our staff are making to put permanent improvement in place. They and we know just how much needs to be done at Moorhead and we will be working alongside them to continue to bring the standards at the school up to where we all want them to be.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United may need to move quickly to offer striker Chris Wood a bumper pay rise and new contract to see off interest from Premier League clubs after it was claimed he earns just £8,000 per week.
Wood netted 30 goals in all competitions for the Whites last term and his goalscoring exploits have not gone unnoticed in the top flight.
Premier League clubs have been linked with Wood all summer and Burnley recently got the bidding ball rolling with an offer of £12m plus bonus payments, which the Whites rejected; a further offer of £16m from an unnamed Premier League club has also been suggested in some quarters.
A move to the top flight would mean a huge pay rise for Wood – and all the more so given his current level of earnings.
According to Radio Yorkshire's Head of Sport Derek Clark, Wood takes home just £8,000 per week at Elland Road.
An average Premier League salary was most recently reported to be around £2.4m per year, or around £46,000 per week.
The information will no doubt be eagerly gobbled up by Premier League sides interested in Wood, who know they could present an almost irresistible salary package to the Kiwi in an effort to turn his head.
The pressure is now on Leeds to come up with a new contract which reflects Wood's status as arguably the Championship's best striker.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mickleover residents say they have been left disgusted and outraged after a night of violence saw a man taken to hospital and a well-known pub significantly damaged inside.
Police are currently investigating after a 21-year-old man was allegedly assaulted outside The Nags Head pub on Uttoxeter Road on Tuesday night at about 10pm.
Officers are also investigating reports of trouble at nearby The Vine Inn pub where a group of people caused significant damage by smashing up light fittings, drinks glasses, skirting boards, blinds and other property.
The trouble is understood to have happened in the aftermath of England's World Cup victory against Colombia - which dozens of people would have been watching live in both pubs.
Both pubs were forced to close earlier than usual last night.
The Vine Inn was temporarily closed today as police officers inspected the damage caused.
A sign displayed on the front door of the pub said: "Due to criminal damage caused after last night's England game we will be temporarily shut. Sorry for any inconvenience caused.
"We hope to open later today."
It reopened at 5pm but the landlady did not wish to comment on what happened last night.
Local residents have spoken of their shock.
Peter Barlow, who lives near the area, said he couldn't believe his eyes when he drove down the area at about 10.30pm.
"I was driving down the area from the local church and there must have been about four police cars there.
"At first I thought it was a road accident but I could not see any sign of such so I thought it must have been a fracas or something."
One resident, who did not wish to be named, discovered the sign on the front door and said: "Well I guess I won't be going there then! That doesn't sound good.
"I've been to The Vine on a few occasions and I must say it is a fairly quiet pub - I've never seen any kind of trouble in there before."
And when another resident was asked what he thought of the night's events he replied: "It's absolutely disgusting isn't it? God knows what would have happened if they (England) had lost."
Derbyshire Police have condemned the night of violence. In a statement the force said: "Earlier in the day, we posted on our social media channels encouraging football fans to enjoy the game safely.
"Incidents like this are frightening and disturbing for people attempting to do just that, as it is for pub staff bystanders who have no part in the disorder.
"Our investigation into these incidents is ongoing."
Mickleover police officer Tracy Bell revealed on Twitter that the night ruined a good evening out for many football fans.
She tweeted: "After the footie match last night, Mickleover pubs had to close early due to a select group of individuals fighting and causing criminal damage in one of the pubs.
"This behaviour has ruined a good night for many. Please drink sensibly. #WorldCup #drinkresponsibly."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
The Weld County Sheriff's Office has a one-time, $500 scholarship opportunity for a Weld County high school senior or college student interested in pursuing a career in higher education. Applicants must be a citizen of Weld County and must be accepted at an accredited college or university.
Applicants must submit a letter of recommendation from a teacher or counselor at the applicant's school and an official scholastic transcript. The application also requires a 500-word essay on why proactive community interaction is paramount in today's society.
Applications should be submitted by April 7. They should be addressed to Rosy Soto at the Weld County Sheriff's Office's scholarship committee, 1950 O St., Greeley, CO 80631.
The Weld County Sheriff's Office scholarship committee will select finalists and notify them by May 5.
Tom Fulks writes about current events in SLO County and around the world from a liberal perspective. He's a former reporter and serves on San Luis Obispo County's Democratic Central Committee. His column runs in The Tribune every other Sunday, in rotation with conservative columnist Andrea Seastrand.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Keone Kela celebrates with catcher Juan Centeno after recording the final out of a 7-4 victory over the Seattle Mariners at Globe Life Park on Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Suicide car bomber outside Mogadishu airport kills 3: Police
hello
MOGADISHU, Somalia -- A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. However, the al-Qaida linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab often carries out such attacks.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
By Yinka Odumakin
I WROTE here two weeks ago that many citizens of a dying country are bogged down by existential issues to see the terminal symptoms. It is during the funeral service that their recollections come alive. It is for such citizens that this column will occasionally be capturing those deadly symptoms as they afflict Nigeria in its intensive care unit.
I have had banters with my good friend and brother, Adeyinka Olumide-Fusika on the failure of the Nigerian state for sometime now and he would teasingly tell me “We Lawyers are still going to court daily. You therefore can't accuse Nigeria of state failure yet”.
Now the school that trains Lawyers in Nigeria has just been renamed by our mutual friend, Adeola Soetan as the “Nigerian Law(less ) School”. And his justification for it is the alleged disobedience of a court order by the school that teaches obedience of court decisions as the foundation of rule of Law. A report filed by Sahara reporters on Friday detailed the development :
“The Nigerian Law School in Abuja has allegedly prevented Mr. Kayode Bello, the expelled law student from registering for his Part II Bar Examination, despite a pronouncement by the Federal High Court to the effect that he should be allowed to write the examination scheduled for August 15th, 2017.
A Federal High Court in Abuja had on Wednesday, August 9, issued an order, following the ex-parte motion filed by the student challenging his expulsion by authorities of the Law School.
Mr. Bello, however, told our correspondent that he was not allowed to enter the school campus on Friday even though the institution for legal education had been served with the court order.
“I went to the campus on Friday to start my registration but I was not allowed to enter,” he said.
“The security officer said I should call the CSO. The CSO picked my call but disconnected immediately he heard my voice. I called back a number of times, but he would not pick my calls anymore.”
The law student said that he also sent text messages to the secretary of Council of Legal Education and the Chief Security officer but his messages went unacknowledged.
Meanwhile, our correspondent called the CSO of the Abuja campus to get their side of the story but the CSO dropped the call immediately he heard that she was calling from Saharareporters.
Bailiff of court, Mr. Bentu Joseph confirmed to our correspondent that the order had been served on the Council of Legal Education, the 1st respondent in the application.
“I served personally on the Council of Legal Education on Friday morning,” he said.
Authorities of the Nigerian Law School are in good company with the presidency that has kept Ibrahim Magu as EFCC chairman despite being rejected twice by the Senate. Little wonder mobs are roasting crime suspects across the country in a land where rule of law seems proscribed !
It is a cruel joke on the country that the Law school is said to be shunning a court under the Acting Presidency of a Professor of Law and Senior Advocate of Nigeria(SAN).
The malignant cancer is fast spreading as two Resident Electoral Commissioners nominated by President Muhammadu Buhari and already cleared by the Senate are said to be facing the danger of replacement by some cabal in our deregulated Presidency.
The Daily Trust of 10th August reported the case of the Katsina nominee as follows :
“One of the nominees cleared by the Senate as Resident Electoral Commissioner, REC, Dr. Asma'u Sani Maikudi, has been denied her letter of appointment due to pressure from some vested interest at the Presidency, Daily Trust learnt yesterday.
The name of Dr. Asma'u, from Katsina State, who was nominated by President Muhammadu Buhari in March, alongside 26 others to fill the quota of 27 states, had reportedly passed all stages for the appointment, including clearance from the DSS, the Code of Conduct Bureau and was thereafter confirmed by the Senate on July 20.
It was gathered that though President Buhari pencilled her for the post based on merit, some forces in the Presidency were allegedly not comfortable with her representing Katsina State.
During their confirmation, the Chairman of the Senate Committee on INEC committee, Senator Suleiman Nazif (APC, Bauchi) told the Senate that in the course of the committee's interactions with Maikudi, they were convinced of her suitability for the job.
Also in a telephone interview last night, a member of the committee, Senator Shehu Sani (APC, Kaduna Central), said Dr. Asma'u Maikudi's choice was unanimously affirmed by everybody and was a wise choice for the job.
“We were all directed from the office of the SSA to the President on National Assembly Matters to go to the SGF officer for our letters ahead of our swearing-in. However, when we got there, only seven letters were brought by the SA to the SGF; mine was missing and I was only told that it was an order from above,” Dr. Maikudu told Daily Trust.
Sadiq Abubakar Musa from Kaduna State.He has been denied his letter despite being cleared by the Senate.Both have not had their appointments withdrawn by the President who nominated them or the Vice-President who is acting for him.The forces blocking the duo are proving that that there are different forces exercising Presidential powers with the Acting President being the “coordinator”.
The Nigerian Army completes the lawless operations for the week by conducting a raid on a United Nations , UN, facility in Maiduguri in violation of international protocols.The BBC captured the occurrence thus:
“Security forces have raided a UN camp in the north-eastern city of Maiduguri and carried out an unauthorised search, a UN official has told the BBC.
Samantha Newport, of the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs, OCHA, says the search lasted nearly three hours.
The UN is urgently seeking answers from the authorities.
The base provides aid to those affected by the Boko Haram insurgency
The BBC's Martin Patience in Lagos says one possible reason for the search could be the camp's name – Red Roof.
Rumours have been swirling in Maiduguri that the leader of Boko Haram, Abubakar Shekau, has been hiding out in a compound with the same name.
Humanitarian Coordinator for Nigeria has expressed grave concern following the search.
Mr. Kallon says that he is extremely concerned that the actions by the security forces could be “detrimental to the critical work that is being carried out every day to support the most vulnerable in the region”.
The UN ordered local staff to work from home today following the incident.
It also said it grounded helicopters – which provide humanitarian assistance to far -flung camps – as a precautionary measure. ”
Like the Army does whenever it serially violates the rights of Nigerians,it issued a statement after the raid through Lt. Col. Samuel Kingsley, the spokesperson, 7 Division of the Nigerian Army, said in a statement released in Maiduguri that the army had intensified condone and search operation in Maiduguri and its environs to clear remnants of Boko Haram insurgents.
“Command received information from credible sources that some high profiled Boko Haram insurgents infiltrated into Pompomari-ByePass area of Maiduguri.”
“It therefore became expedient to take pre-emptive action by combing the general area through a cordon and search operations. “The operation was successfully conducted as over 30 houses were searched. One of such building included a property which was said to be occupied by United Nations Staff, although the property did not carry a UN designation. “On the whole, operation in the general area was successfully concluded but no arrest was made because the suspects were not found,”
Nigeria unhinged!
Faculties and fools
By Maestro
“Ambition is the Soldier's virtue”
Pointing also at Soldiers of fortune.
Osinbajo marks Awo's script down
Veteran marker of gown, now town.
But when does a marker misfire?
When the thesis turns out stronger,
Than the lecturer's mental extent?
Or when ambition trumps the sense?
When a Yoruba man nears the deity.
In the common steps of the Laity.
Not knowing oro, substance of an in-law,
Convicting self as a moral outlaw.
Is it because the orange is now sucked,
So we consider a huge favour lost?
In the faculty of the foolish
Vital favours age and diminish………
Just so the masters could be happy
A man that sells his progeny cheaply
Forgetting furiously emergent moment,
Buyback fails with a mountain of money.
It is not a very fresh factor.
Look back at the critical juncture.
Where firelings were sent to fire
So Yorubas sink Yoruba in the mire.
Yes, the cool, high office breeze
Makes a pilgrim forget Calvary
It makes the drunk slap the masquerade.
And pour shame on the spirit's face.
And goes the query of twenty.
Soon comes the response of thirty.
We've heard the rocking of a grave,
And throwing stones on a roof's slates.
Of course, they court a curse.
On the inmate's calm disturbed.
Sometimes, neither cursing nor blessing
But their mouths still not empty.
Actor par excellence Fahadh Faasil, is getting ready to storm Tamil filmdom with his upcoming biggie Velaikkaran. The actor who has established himself as one among the finest actors in Malayalam cinema will be eager to enthrall the Tamil audience.
Velaikkaran is easily one of the most anticipated movies of recent times. The director of the movie Mohan Raja has exuded confidence that his work and the stellar star cast will indeed live up to the hype. Fahadh Faasil is said to be playing a role with grey shades in the movie.
Featuring an ensemble cast including Sivakarthikeyan and Fahadh Faasil in the lead roles the film has music composed by Anirudh Ravichander and cinematography by Ramji. The film is produced by R. D. Raja.
Fahadh Faasil's foray is keenly watched as the other young Malayalam star Nivin Pauly has already made his presence felt with the new release Richie.
Now the latest news is that E4 Entertainment has purchased the movie's Kerala rights for a huge undisclosed sum. It is heard that it is one of the biggest deals in recent times.
The deal is said to be a big boost to Fahadh Faasil as he plays an important role in Velaikkaran and there's also star value added by the redoubtable Nayanthara.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK equipment exporter fears for Gulf contracts as Brexit talks near
By Keith Creighton Before the release of his self-titled second album, Prince recorded a hard rock album with his band under the name “The Rebels.”
Continue reading… …read more
Via:: Diffuser
A man has been charged with seven offences under the Terrorism Act.
The 22-year-old, from Sheffield, was arrested on 10 August, the North East Counterterrorism Unit said.
He is charged with three offences of possessing a record of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism and four offences of disseminating terrorist publications.
He is due to appear before Westminster Magistrates Court later.
PIQUA — A Troy man is jail this week after being accused of raping a woman over the weekend in Piqua.
William Michael Heys, 58, of Troy, was charged with first-degree felony rape over the weekend on Sunday. He was arraigned in Miami County Municipal Court on Monday.
Heys was charged in connection with an incident on Saturday in Piqua. According to Miami County Municipal Court records, Heys allegedly raped by force an adult victim known to him in the area of the roadside park on State Route 66 on Saturday night. The victim reportedly tried to get Heys to stop and told him to stop multiple times. The victim was later treated at Upper Valley Medical Center.
Heys is currently incarcerated in the Miami County Jail on $500,000 bond. A preliminary hearing for Heys is scheduled for Wednesday.
Heys http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_william-heys-mugshot-CMYK.jpg Heys
By Sam Wildow swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - Miami Beach Police handle a variety of interesting cases each day, but one of their newest cases involving an internationally-acclaimed hip hop mogul might just take the cake.
According to Miami Beach Police, a Miami woman who claimed to be engaged to Sean “Diddy” Combs is accused of spending the past month going to great lengths to stalk her so-called “fiancé.”
But as fate would have it, her romantic efforts would ultimately end her up in the custody of Miami Beach Police on Valentine's Day.
According to Miami Beach Police, 35-year-old Jermelah Jones made multiple calls to the Miami Beach Police, starting on the evening of Jan. 23, claiming that Combs was in distress. She told police that Combs was her fiancé and had called her stating he was being beaten and held against his will by his family members.
Once Miami Beach Police officers and fire rescue arrived to the residence of Combs, who had been fast asleep, their investigation ultimately concluded that her allegations were false since he was “clearly not in any distress.”
However, police said her calls did not end there.
Jones continued to make 911 calls for several days, and Miami Beach Police responded accordingly multiple times.
On Jan. 26, detectives met with Jones to tell her that Combs was fine but did not know who she was. They informed her that it was a criminal act to call police and make false reports about a crime. She told officers she understood and would not call any more.
However, she persisted.
On Feb. 6, Jones again called the Miami Beach Police Department to say that Combs was being held against his will. This time, she physically visited his residence and attempted to gain access to the property.
Police arrested Jones on Feb. 14. Once in custody, Jones told officers that she had been in a relationship with Combs for a few months but couldn't recall any personal information about him. She then told police that she had been “recruited by the devil and his people.”
Jones was charged with one count of reporting a false crime to law enforcement officials.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
MUNSTER Director of Rugby, Rassie Erasmus is hopeful CJ Stander and Rory Scannell will be available for Saturday's European Champions Cup semi-final clash at the Aviva Stadium, 3.15pm.
Erasmus issued a positive update on the fitness of both Scannell and Stander ahead of the Aviva Stadium showdown.
However, South African Erasmus admitted that scrum-half Conor Murray remains a real injury doubt for the clash with the reigning European champions.
Murray injured his shoulder in Ireland's 6 Nations clash with Wales in Cardiff on March 10 and has not played since.
Speaking at Munster's weekly press briefing at UL on Easter Monday, Erasmus said: “I don't think Rory Scannell will be out this weekend, I think he will have a good chance. I think Jaco Taute might be back, I think CJ Stander might be available.
"I think Darren Sweetnam will be able to play after that head knock. I think he'll make it before Saturday.
"But I think Conor is definitely a doubt and we'll give him as long as we can but I'm fairly confident that he won't make a surprise return this weekend.”
“It's really becoming a bit of a worry now and he must start thinking about the bigger things that will still happen this season, including the Lions tour if he makes that squad.
"Apart from him, the squad is not looking too bad."
"It's just a stinger and it injured the nerve a little bit. It's taken longer to heal. It's a waiting game. Rory Scannell had it last year and it took four or five weeks. Conor is going into his sixth or seventh week.
"As frustrating as it is for everybody, it must be annoying for him because he's the kind of guy that wants to play in every game, never mind a semi-final or quarter-final. We'll make the right decision. He's got a long future ahead of him.”
The Director-General, Katsina Media and Publicity, Malam Ibrahim Muazzam says Katsina State government remains committed to agricultural mechanization to ease farming activities in the state.
Speaking to newsmen in Katsina, the DG Media said the state government has already procured 225 latest model tractors from an Indian firm, Springfield Agro Ltd.
He said the tractors will be distributed to farmers through the Tractors Owners Association to enhance the farmers productivity.
Malam Ibrahim Muazzam said already, over five dams across the state were under rehabilitation to facilitate dry season farming which will boost agricultural productivity.
He said the state government also supports farmers in the production of staple foods like rice, maize, wheat, millet, sorghum and guinea corn through the provision of fertilizer at subsidized rates and extension services to farmers.
SHARE COPY LINK Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding her daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding her daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) high-fives quarterback Dak Prescott (4) during the second quarter of an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, December 31, 2017 at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
"Me and Dez, we're continuously growing," Prescott said during an appearance on The Newy Scruggs Show on NBC Sports Radio. "There's no chemistry and all that - that is just talk. That's cheap. Me and Dez have great chemistry, we're great friends, so we're good on the field and off the field. We're just continuing to work. We're two guys that want to be great and that's in our blood and it aggravates us and annoys us more than anybody when we're not connecting. ...Me and him will figure it out."
But Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott on Friday simply said that he and Bryant will continue to work to fix what's been a lacking connection over two seasons.
One of the most dramatic offseason decisions for the Cowboys involves receiver Dez Bryant. And most everyone has an opinion about what the team should do: bring back the No. 1 receiver, cut him, make him take a pay cut, find some other compromise.
Prescott dealt with more criticism during an up-and-down 2017 season. After almost everything went right in his 13-3 rookie year in 2016, the sophomore season brought an increase in interceptions and accuracy issues, an offense that stumbled as a whole, key injuries on the offensive line and a six-game suspension of star running back Ezekiel Elliott. Oh, and no playoffs.
"It comes and goes," Prescott said of criticism during the NBC Sports interview. "Just as much praise as I got last year, I got just as much criticism this year. I got the best of both worlds within two years. It just shows me what this league's about, what playing for the Cowboys is about, what you're scrutinized for. Just all about believing in yourself and your team. I can't pay attention to things like that. Got to stay focused."
Does Prescott have other quarterbacks he can talk to who can relate to his situation?
"It's vets," he said. "It's guys like Troy Aikman, guys like Roger Staubach, guys like Kurt Warner. Even guys like Donovan McNabb. Those guys who I've met over time and have given me their numbers and have reached out to me and have challenged and pushed me to reach out to them when I need help or need advice. ...I'm so thankful to have them in my life and thankful that they're a call away."
Prescott said he's been spending the offseason with an eye on improving. He watches game tape and plays basketball to stay in shape, along with hanging out with his family. He's in Minnesota for the Super Bowl festivities and endorsement opportunities this weekend. At home, he knows there is no offseason in terms of being in the public eye.
"When I leave my house I know what I've got to deal with," he said. "I grocery shop online thanks to Albertsons and have them deliver it to the house.
"Going to the gas station, leaving the house in general, playing for the Cowboys and being the quarterback, you know the position and anytime I leave the house I'm ready for anything. I'm ready for a crazy fan, I'm ready for fun fans, I'm ready for fans that inspire me. ...I'm thankful for the position. I wouldn't change anything."
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Ahead of controversial figure Tomi Lahren's visit to East Carolina University Monday, students took the chance to remind each other of the importance of freedom of speech.
There's been a lot said about Lahren's visit ever since ECU's chapter of Turning Point USA announced she would be speaking on campus. Lahren, who's best known for being extremely opinionated and blunt with her feelings, will discuss the importance of hearing other's views.
Giovanni Triana, the president of ECU's Turning Point USA, said they specifically picked Lahren because they felt it was important to have an outspoken conservative voice at ECU.
Triana said while they don't agree with all of her viewpoints, they do agree she has a right to share them.
“I believe that our country was founded on the ability to be able to express yourself freely,” Triana said.
Ahead of the event, Turning Point USA members rolled out large blow up balls on campus to allow students to write whatever they wanted on them.
Madison Heffentarber participated in the free speech event. She said while she finds Lahren rude, she agrees people must be open to different views.
“I don't want her name to be at the university I go to but I realize that there are students who agree with her views, and I'm open to hearing what they have to say,” she said.
The event is only open to ECU students and faculty who were able to get tickets before they sold out.
Keon Roach plans to attend the event just to hear what people have to say.
“I think every view point you can learn something from,” Roach said. “You debate those ideas and you discuss those ideas. I don't believe people should be shut down because they have unpopular views.”
Some, like Connor Potter, said conservative voices are often drowned out on college campuses, which tend to be more liberal. She said she supported ECU bringing Lahren in.
“I think it's great that East Carolina is broadening their horizons,” Potter said.
Protests are planned for outside of Mendenhall, where Lahren will be speaking. Protesters have been warned to be remained peaceful.
A man views the electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, Aug. 15, 2017. Asian shares rose Tuesday as both Koreas and the U.S. appeared to indicate a willingness to defuse the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program. A rally on Wall Street, on the back of strong technology shares, also helped. Shizuo Kambayashi AP Photo
Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State has tasked Anchor Insurance Company Limited to strive to become Nigeria's topmost insurer by mobilising available resources to achieve the feat.
He gave the challenge during the official commissioning of Anchor Insurance ultra-modern office complex in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State capital, yesterday.
Emmanuel, who described insurance business as the highest employer of labour in the country, urged the management of the company to do everything possible to raise the bar in its profit making and also give it a pride of place as the best insurance firm in the country.
★★ ½
If Doc B's Fresh Kitchen were being pitched at an investor meeting, I imagine its creators would describe it along the lines of “Houston's meets Yard House.” Or, “J. Alexander's meets Ale House.” Sure enough, when I did background research after a recent meal, I saw that founder Craig Bernstein described the nascent chain as a mix of Houston's and Panera Bread.
Bernstein managed Houston's locations in South Florida before returning to Chicago, where his career began, and launching Doc B's in 2013. It started as fast casual but has changed to full-service sit down. Doc B's is named after Bernstein's late father, a physician from New York. The Fort Lauderdale location, on the busy downtown North Federal Highway corridor, opened in February 2017. It is the fourth Doc B's, following two in Chicago and one in Tampa. Others will soon open in Coral Gables, Aventura and Texas.
The concept is American food and drink in a comfortable setting with ingredients billed as fresh. “Sophisticated casual,” says general manager Dustin Durrenberger, who has opened all four locations. The look is clean and polished with wooden booths, an open kitchen, and a patio with teak furniture and yellow umbrellas. The menu features a crowd-pleasing assortment of appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, salads and “Wok Out Bowls,” which offer a choice of proteins and carb bases with mixed vegetables. There are also a dozen larger entrees, including Nashville hot chicken and fresh fish.
Doc Bs Fresh Kitchen / Courtesy Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale offers a range of food from indulgent to healthy, such as grilled California artichokes. Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale offers a range of food from indulgent to healthy, such as grilled California artichokes. (Doc Bs Fresh Kitchen / Courtesy)
The prices veer more toward Houston's than Panera, which is to say the expensive side of moderate. A basic cheeseburger goes for $14, a platter of ribs $28. Specialty cocktails are $12 and $13. The servers and runners are attentive and well-trained, the atmosphere is lively (with music that is way too loud) and the horseshoe-shaped bar seats 26, drawing singles and the after-work crowd for daily half-price happy hour from 4 to 6 p.m.
If it all seems a bit corporate and soulless, I suppose it is. Doc B's is wedged into a new office development next to Fresh Market. Parking is a nightmare, although a nearby garage is supposed to open soon. Valet parking is free, but cars back up in a cramped, circular staging area. Doc B's patio is not very scenic, with shrubs and a brick wall shielding the view of the Fresh Market parking lot.
Still, I liked Doc B's. It is one of those weird places where the sum was somehow greater than its parts. Good service with attitude to match can be rare in South Florida, so that goes a long way. Doc B's seems to be doing well along the Yuppie-Millennial Munchieville that has sprouted around the high-rent high-rise apartment buildings on Federal.
Doc B's, which seats 240 inside, was a marvel of efficiency during my lunch visit. An army of tag-team servers swooped in at the start to set us up with water and drinks. Soft-drink refills were free and plentiful. Our primary server was a delight, friendly and alert. The main problem was uneven food. Some dishes were enjoyable and others needed tweaking.
Consider, for example, the oven roasted wings appetizer ($13). It was attractive and vibrant, served in a ceramic bowl and sprinkled with green cilantro and white bits of cheese. But that crumbled parmesan didn't quite belong, throwing off the flavor of the chimichurri marinade. And the wings were languid and cold, not hot and crisp, tasting as if they had sat out for some time. They arrived quickly, so I wondered if this was a mistake order left over from another ticket. On the bright side, the meat was plump and juicy.
Things ran like that the whole meal. Cheesy artichoke and kale dip ($14) didn't seem any different than spinach dip, but the fresh tortilla chips were good. The Cajun fish sandwich ($16), Florida grouper on the day of my visit, was moist and nicely cooked, but the spice rub was tame. The Number Six sandwich ($13), spicy crispy chicken with pickles and habanero-honey barbecue glaze, had excellent crunch and quality white meat, but likewise lacked boldness. The cheeseburger ($14) was average, ordered medium and overcooked to medium well. Kale slaw, a fresh spin on cole slaw, was excellent. But French fries that accompanied the burger were lukewarm and clumped in odd clusters.
Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com Lo mein noodles with shrimp and vegetables is among the Wok Out Bowls offered at Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale. The wok bowls have several protein and carb options. Lo mein noodles with shrimp and vegetables is among the Wok Out Bowls offered at Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale. The wok bowls have several protein and carb options. (Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com)
Wok Out Bowls offer a choice of salmon, shrimp, chicken, tofu, tuna or filet mignon atop brown rice, quinoa or Shanghai lo mein noodles. I ordered lo mein with black tiger shrimp ($15) in spicy Thai sauce. The bowl was colorful, with fresh broccoli, carrots, mushrooms and chopped cashews. The noodles were thick and toothsome. But the sauce was more sweet than spicy and the shrimp were flavorless. For a place that markets itself as fresh, these shrimp sure seemed frozen.
Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com The tasty and tangy Key lime pie at Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale is made in house and is topped with fresh whipped cream. The tasty and tangy Key lime pie at Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale is made in house and is topped with fresh whipped cream. (Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com)
Desserts also were uneven. Key lime pie ($8) had tangy and tasty filling and a wonderful dollop of fresh whipped cream, but the graham cracker crust was more mealy than crunchy. Tres leches cake ($8) was a misfire, dry and crumbly instead of moist and rich. The gelato sandwich ($6) was a hit, an upscale Chipwich of chocolate-chip cookie filled with chocolate gelato made by a Chicago vendor. Coffee ($3) from Miami-based Panther Coffee was smooth as silk.
Doc B's already has the hard part down, because service in South Florida is usually a restaurant's biggest malady. With a downward twist of the music volume, improved parking and a few tweaks in the kitchen, Doc B's will have the Rx to success.
Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale, a casual American restaurant and bar at 452 N. Federal Hwy., opened in early 2017 and is one of the first outposts outside of Chicago. Doc B's Fresh Kitchen in Fort Lauderdale, a casual American restaurant and bar at 452 N. Federal Hwy., opened in early 2017 and is one of the first outposts outside of Chicago. (Mike Mayo / SouthFlorida.com)
Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
452 N. Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale
754-900-2401, or docbsfreshkitchen.com
Cuisine: American
Cost: Moderate. Appetizers cost $8 to $18, burgers, sandwiches, wok bowls and big salads $14 to $23, entrees $15 to $31, sides $5 to $8, desserts $6 to $8
Hours: 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 11:30 a.m to 11 p.m. Friday-Saturday, 11:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday
Reservations: Yes, by phone and online
Credit cards: All major
Bar: Full bar with craft beer, wine, specialty cocktails and half-price happy hour from 4-6 p.m.
Outside smoking: No
Handicapped access: Ground level with curb cuts at valet parking area
Parking: Free valet can get backed up. Do not park in Fresh Market lot or you will be towed. New parking garage will open soon
mmayo@southflorida.com, 954-356-4508. Follow my food adventures on Instagram: @mikemayoeats. Sign up for my weekly dining newsletter at SouthFlorida.com/EatBeatMail.
We are André Bastié and Marc Assens. Marc is a final year undergraduate student in Computer Science at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia and André is a French guy completing his Master's degree in Electronic Commerce at Dublin City University, Ireland. We were asked to transcribe 12 interviews for an academic research project on Social Entrepreneurship. Transcribing was tedious and time-consuming, after a few days, we came up with Scribe to help researchers and journalists better do their job. 🤗
A crash involving three cars and a lorry blocked part of the M1 near Derby.
The collision took place on the northbound carriageway near Junction 27 for Hucknall/Underwood.
One lane was closed while emergency crews deal with the incident. It reopened at around 5pm.
(Image: Traffic England)
We're run live updates on this incident below:
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday, families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
PITSBURG, Ohio (WDTN) — A woman is dead after a two-vehicle accident in Darke County.
The Darke County Sheriff's Office says 84-year-old Marjorie Biddlestone died in a crash on S.R. 49 around 3 p.m. on Wednesday.
The crash happened near Miller Brumbaugh Road.
According to the sheriff's office, Biddletstone was driving south on 49 when a man driving a 1999 Dodge Caravan came into her lane and hit her vehicle.
Biddlestone was pronounced dead at the scene.
The accident remains under investigation.
The Pitsburg Fire Department, Arcanum Rescue, Darke County Coroner's Office and Darke County Accident Reconstruction Team assisted the Darke County Sheriff's Office at the scene.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
HBO exec apologizes for 'Big Little Lies' rape comment “From a budget standpoint going into season two of 'Big Little Lies' without any options in place we've been… um… short of raped,” Francesca Orsi said.
Adam Scott returning for Season 2 of 'Big Little Lies' Scott will return as Ed Mackenzie, who is forced to confront major challenges in his marriage to Madeline, played by Reese Witherspoon.
Next book project for Reese Witherspoon? Witherspoon — who famously turns books into powerhouse productions — wants to read hot thriller “Grist Mill Road.”
Women big winners at Critics' Choice Awards It was a good night for women at the Critics' Choice Awards.
The best shows to binge-watch in one day over Christmas break Before 2017 leaves us, it's time to reflect — and, better still — catch up on the most binge-worthy series you may have missed all year. Granted, not everyone has...
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
ELLSWORTH — The Ellsworth Public Library will host a free public screening of part one of Ken Burns' “The Vietnam War” documentary at The Grand on Friday, Oct. 13, at 7 p.m.
The screening will be followed by a question-and-answer session with author and Vietnam veteran Nick Mills.
The library will host screenings of the remaining nine episodes of the series at another location later in the fall.
In “The Vietnam War,” filmmakers Ken Burns and Lynn Novick tell the epic story of the conflict as it has never before been told on film. The film features testimony from nearly 80 witnesses, including many Americans who fought in the war and others who opposed it, as well as Vietnamese combatants and civilians from both the winning and losing sides.
All screenings will be free and open to the public.
For more information, visit www.ellsworth.lib.me.us.
A Paralympic gold medalist, Paul Kehinde, says his target at the forthcoming Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast is to set a record that will stay unbroken for about a decade.
Kehinde, who is the current Paralympics and world record holder in the men's para-powerlifting -65kg category, said he would redouble his efforts to achieve his aim.
“With the help of God and the encouragement and training by my coach, Are Feyisetan, I have been able to do the country proud in para-powerlifting.
“The newly-renovated gym and support from the Sports Ministry have also impacted positively on my preparations for the Games.
“My target in this sport now is to set a record that will be unbreakable in the next 10 or 20 years to come and I believe that with determination and the help of God, I will achieve it,” he said in Lagos on Monday.
Kehinde is among the six athletes who will represent the country in the para-powerlifting event of the Games holding from April 4 to April 15 in Gold Coast.
Kehinde won the gold medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and also won gold at the 2016 Paralympics after smashing the world record twice with a lift of 220kg.
At the IPC Powerlifting World Championships held in Mexico in 2017, Kehinde broke his own record of 220kg with a lift of 220.5kg.
Kehinde went further to break his own world record of 220.5kg at the 2018 9th Fazza World Cup held in Dubai in Februrary with a lift of 221kg.(NAN)
FLY Racing loves to share photos of its fans, which is why they created the “FLY Wall.” The FLY Wall is a fun way for FLY Racing fans to share their photos on the FLY Racing website. Simply head over to FLYRacing.com, look for the “FLY Wall” menu in the upper right of the homepage, choose “Post a Pic”and upload a favorite photo of yourself. If approved your photo will show up on the FLY Wall—it's as simple as that! So head on over to FLYRacing.com and upload your photos for a chance to be featured on the FLY Wall.
The Fly Racing Racer X Podcast comes in with the two Jasons joining me for a preview of the 450SX class that's kicking off this weekend in Anaheim. Listen in as we debate who's going to win, who's going to surprise and what's going to happen. Please don't hold us to these predictions.
Click HERE to listen to the show or get it from iTunes under Steve Matthes Show. If you have a smartphone, get it from the Stitcher or Pulpmx Apps.
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dayton Power and Light (DP&L) takes in an average of 800 calls a year about crashes involving their equipment.
Those 800 calls make up only about 2-percent of all the calls the company gets a year, according director of operations, Bruce Coppock.
Coppock has worked for DP&L for 25 years and says their response to crashes depends on several factors like time of day, area, and the number of utility poles impacted.
On Sunday law enforcement says a driver had a medical issue which caused him to crash into a utility pole in Troy. The crash split the pole in half and left 1,335 customers without power. On Friday, officials say a speeding driver snapped two utility poles in Dayton leaving 919 customers without power.
Coppock says depending on the severity of a crash he could send anywhere from 3 to 8-person crews to a scene.
“You would think bad weather, more accidents, but that's not so much the case. We had three accidents yesterday (Monday) on a blue sky day,” said Coppock.
He says the jobs can be difficult and no two power lines are the same. However, no matter what time of day or how far crews have to travel, they're prepared for these situations.
“It's always going to be the same. We're going to get there as quickly as we can. Imagine, we cover 6,000 square miles, 24 counties, 300 communities, ” said Coppock.
He says one thing drivers can do to help is when you see a crash pay attention to their vehicles flashing orange lights and be mindful of working DP&L crews.
Coppock says drivers involved in an accident with DP&L equipment should stay in the vehicle if possible because the lines could be active causing the ground to be energized.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – If you're looking for time tested killer pizza, pasta and burgers, you may want to head over to Basil's in Greenville.
Open for nearly two decades, Basil's offers customers a bit of everything — from sizzling hot dips for appetizers, to cheese and bacon stuffed burgers, to the real deal, and scratch made, pizzas.
One of the most popular items on the menu is the Sum 11 burger. It features an 8 ounce burger stuffed with mozzarella and bacon, and topped with a fried green tomato and balsamic glaze.
“Mozzarella gives it creaminess, the bacon is salty, the balsamic glaze is delicious on the top there,” said WNCT's Josh Birch.
Another big hit is the bow tie pasta, featuring pasta tossed in a Alfredo sauce with onion, garlic, chicken and Italian sausage mixed in.
But it's the pizza that has attracted a lot of attention at Basil's. One of the best sellers has been a staple for years — the Founder's Pie.
“I get a Founders Pie every time I come here,” said Chris Moody, a regular at Basil's. “I'd put it over 100 times.”
The Founder's Pie starts with the scratch made pizza dough and then is topped with marinara sauce, sausage, pepperoni, mozzarella cheese and finished with some ricotta cheese.
“The flavor is a nice blend of acidic tomato sauce with a little bit of a spicy sausage and then nice ricotta to cool it all down,” Moody said.
And if you're one of those people who like variety, Basil's is pumping out new menu items that they feature on a monthly basis.
“These guys are able to exercise some creative thought and come up with stuff. They'll make something and bring it to me and say let's try this,” said owner Jeremy Spengeman.
For more information on Basil's, click here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested following an alleged stabbing incident in Derby in the early hours of this morning.
Police said the male victim sustained a knife wound to his chest and has been taken to hospital where he remains.
No details about his condition have been yet been released by Derbyshire police.
A spokesman for the force said the alleged attack happened at a house in Kitchener Avenue, in the Sunny Hill area of Derby. It is understood to have taken place at around 4.30am this morning.
A 49-year-old man has been arrested and remains in police custody.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
A Colorado mom says police officers shut down her boys' lemonade stand over a permitting issue. ABC 7
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is believed to be the bomb threat email sent to a number of schools in Derbyshire.
The message threatens to “blow up” a device unless a ransom is met.
An unspecified number of schools in our region have notified Derbyshire Police this morning that they have received the message which sets a three-hour deadline for payment.
And nationally, more than 400 schools have been sent the email, which has since been posted on Twitter, which has meant hundreds of evacuations at primary schools, secondary schools and colleges across the country this morning.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail)
The message reads: “This is a message to EVERYONE. We have sent in a student with a bomb. The bomb is set to go off in 3 hours time. If you do not send $5,000 USD to payments@veltpvp.com
“If you do not send the money! We will blow up the device. Our site has all the information needed (veltpvp.com).
“If you try to call the cops we WILL blow up the device on the SPOT! ANY attempt at defusing it your self will cause it to explode.”
On its Twitter page, Derbyshire police has said: “We have received reports of threatening emails received by many of our region's schools.
"Many similar instances have been reported across the country and we do not believe any of the threats being made in the emails to be credible or viable. #ScamAlert #Phishing .”
And in a tweet, VeltPvP, a gamers website, says: "We have nothing to do with the bomb threats that were sent out to the 400+ UK schools. We've been being harassed by a group of cyber criminals that are trying to harass us in any way possible.
"We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The disinvestment-bound national carrier Air India will deploy a 256-seater Boeing 787-800 on the New Delhi-Tel Aviv route that will be launched from Thursday.
Air India had on March 7 announced a tri-weekly flights to Tel Aviv from March 22, after Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu had announced that Saudi Arabia had allowed India to fly over its territory.
It will deploy a 256-seater Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft on the new route, the airline said today.
Air India will fly over Oman, Saudi Arabia and Jordan to reach Israel, taking seven hours to the destination, making it the fastest air route between the two countries.
The duration of the flight between New Delhi and Tel Aviv will be around two hours shorter than the time taken by Israel's national carrier El Al, which has direct flights between Tel Aviv and Mumbai, Air India said in the statement.
The national carrier had planned to launch the service last May, but it couldn't materialise after some countries denied use of their airspaces for flights to Israel.
Many Arab and Islamic nations do not recognise Israel and, therefore, disallow airlines from using their airspace to reach Jewish nation.
The inaugural flight (AI 139) will take off from New Delhi at 1800 hrs on March 22 and arrive at Tel Aviv at 2145 hrs. The return flight (AI 140) will depart from Tel Aviv at 2315 hrs and reach New Delhi at 1000 hrs, the airline said.
However, from April 1, the flight will depart New Delhi at 1650 hrs and reach Tel Aviv at 2145 hrs with the return flight leaving from Tel Aviv at 2315 hrs to reach New Delhi at 0900 hrs, Air India said.
According to a new survey, the most common things we spring clean are…
The website Angie's List polled people to find out what the top spring-cleaning chores are. The average person said they'll do six different chores. And 41% will hire a professional to help with at least one of them.
Here are the top five chores we take care of when it's spring-cleaning time…
1. The windows. 69% of people who plan to do some spring-cleaning said they'll clean their windows.
2. The blinds and curtains, 58%. So the windows are definitely the most popular AREA to clean.
3. Deep-cleaning the bathrooms, 56%.
4. Cleaning major appliances, like the refrigerator, 54%.
5. The carpets and rugs, 41%.
The survey also found the top three OUTDOOR chores are getting our lawn in shape . . . making sure the air conditioner works . . . and cleaning the gutters.
Click Here to see more.
Richard Pryor tops a new “Rolling Stone” list of “The 50 Best Stand-Up Comics of All Time.”
“Rolling Stone” put together a list of ‘The 50 Best Stand-Up Comics of All Time.' They say they considered, quote, “artistic merit, technical proficiency, sense of timing, quality of their written material, their delivery, and degree of influence.”
Here's the Top 20:
1. Richard Pryor
2. George Carlin
3. Lenny Bruce
4. Louis C.K.
5. Chris Rock
6. Joan Rivers
7. Jerry Seinfeld
8. Bill Cosby
9. Dave Chappelle
10. Mort Sahl
11. Steve Martin
12. Robin Williams
13. Bill Hicks
14. Andy Kaufman
15. Steven Wright
16. Billy Connolly
17. Bill Burr
18. Kevin Hart
19. Albert Brooks
20. Mitch Hedberg
Click Here to see more.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Ross McLaughlin and Sandra Hermiston, CTV Vancouver
You get off a long flight, you're tired and you're waiting at the baggage carousel for your bag to drop, but it doesn't show up. What are your rights and what protections are in place to help you when the airline loses your luggage?
Ladan Hassan was on an Air Canada flight from Washington, D.C. through Montreal and then on to Vancouver in February. But one of her bags didn't make it to YVR with her.
"I had to wait two hours in line to report it to [Air Canada] because there was a lineup of other people with their stuff missing," said Hassan. “I was told it was stopped in Montreal for security purposes and it would arrive in the morning.”
But weeks later, there was still no sign of her luggage.
“We get a lot of complaints about luggage,” said Bruce Cran with the Consumers' Association of Canada.
Fortunately, air passengers do have rights.
When you fly, you enter into a contract where the airline has to make things right, but Air Canada has limits.
If you're travelling within Canada you can get up to $1,500 with Air Canada. West Jet offers up to $2,000 on lost domestic luggage, but only after being ordered to do so in a ruling by the Canadian Transportation Authority. You could receive more if you're travelling internationally, but the airline can take as long as it wants to give you your compensation.
Hassan had been waiting more than a month. So Ross McLaughlin contacted the airline and, five days later she received notice that she'd be getting $1,700. It could take another four weeks for her to get the money.
“They're finally listening now, but they still have no idea where my belongings are,” she said.
That's why you should never put personal things you can't bear to part with in checked luggage and always declare luggage valued at more than $1,000.
If your bags are delayed, you could be entitled to interim compensation because when you're away, there are essentials you'll need.
Air Canada says it needs time to investigate lost bags but it's also no secret in the industry that the airlines pay more attention to business travellers and frequent fliers to make sure they're looked after. Hassan feels everyone should be treated the same and there should be set a time limit to either find the bags or write a cheque.
The federal government is currently working on standardizing the rules with the Transportation Modernization Act (Bill C-49).
The good news is, by June, the International Air Transport Association will require its members to implement digital tracking on all bags from start to finish. That would cover most of the airlines, or about 83 percent of passenger traffic.
By Peter Duru
Makurdi—Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has insisted that the attacks and killings in the state could be regarded as a jihad, following verifiable comments by the various herdsmen groups in the country which openly declared a jihad in the state.
The governor in a statement through his Press Secretary, Terver Akase, yesterday, was reacting to an allegation by Jama'atul Nasir Islam, JNI, which wrongly claimed that he declared the herdsmen killings in the state as a continuation of the late Usman Danfodio's jihad
He maintained that the word ‘Jihad' never originated from him but that the marauders unleashing mayhem in the state made the declaration in several fora.
The statement read: “We read in some of today's national dailies, the statement credited to the headquarters of Jama'atul Nasir Islam, JNI, regarding the reported comments of Governor Samuel Ortom on attacks in the state and we find it necessary to put the matter in its proper context.
“In the statement, Secretary General of JNI, Dr. Abubakar Khalid Aliyu, accussed Governor Ortom of attributing the herdsmen attacks in the state to a continuation of the late Usman Danfodio's jihad.
“The impression being created by the organisation that Governor Ortom attacked the leadership of Nigerian Muslims in his comments is as misleading as it is a deliberate attempt to cast the governor in bad light before Muslims in the country.
“In the interview under reference, Governor Ortom who was responding to a specific question, only quoted the threats by leaders of Fulani Nationality Movement, FUNAM, Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore and Miyetti Allah Cattle Herders Association, who had addressed press conferences and stated that the attacks on Benue State were a jihad and struggle for the control of natural resources in the Benue Valley. The groups also vowed that there would be more bloodshed in Benue State.
“For instance, the Fulani Nationality Movement stated in a communique after a meeting in Kano on January 13, 2018, that they had embarked on a jihad in Benue State.”
He maintained that he had enormous respect for the leadership of Jama'atul Nasir Islam and all other Nigerian Muslims and would not have launched an attack on the religion.
“We reject and condemn this negative branding of the governor by JNI. Since assumption of office, Governor Ortom has embraced and encouraged all religious groups in the state, especially the Muslim community, as evident in the cordial relationship between the present administration and leadership of the Islamic faith.
“It is, therefore, strange that the headquarters of Jama'atul Nasir Islam has chosen to assault the governor's reputation on a matter which has verifiable evidence unconnected with him.”
Twitter rolls back abuse fix few hours after protests
Twitter has been rolling out changes to help counter user abuse and harassment
Twitter rolled back a new fix aimed to prevent abuse a few hours after it met with protests, reflecting that the company is still scrambling to find solutions to the problem of harassment on its service, but is willing to make changes quickly in response to its users.
The social network on Monday rolled out a new feature that would ensure that users would not get notified when they are added to a list. “We want you to get notifications that matter. Starting today, you won't get notified when you are added to a list,” wrote Twitter Safety. One user pointed out that it was critical for people to know if they have been added to a list intended for targets.
“This is blinding the vulnerable,” the user added, suggesting that the correct approach is to allow people to remove themselves from lists or do it upon blocking the owner. Another user asked for a button that prevents users from being added to lists. "I'm on a ton of lists and I don't want to be on any," he added.
Ed Ho, vice president of engineering at Twitter, quickly described the move as a “misstep” and said Twitter was reversing the change, while CEO Jack Dorsey said “we're reverting and debugging what led us here.”
A number of users ridiculed Twitter for even considering the change, with some questioning whether the company understood its own platform and user concerns. Others wanted assurance that the missteps wouldn't happen again.
Twitter said last month it would be rolling out new features to its service to counter abuse. It did not provide details of the changes but said it would be rolling out a number of product changes in the coming days and weeks. Some of the changes would be immediately visible, while the others would be more targeted to specific scenarios, the company said. It added that it would be testing, learning and iterating on the changes as it went along.
The company said recently that it is taking steps to identify people who have been permanently suspended and stop them from creating new accounts, with a focus on accounts that are set up only to abuse and harass others. It also said it was working on ‘safe search' that removes tweets with potentially sensitive content or that come from blocked and muted accounts, besides identifying and collapsing potentially abusive or low-quality Tweet replies.
The favorite social platform for U.S. President Donald Trump to communicate his views and policies has over the long-term seen an uptick in abuse and harassment on the service, with some users even quitting it after being harassed online.
1 2 Next Page
Kashamu, Uranta, Frank, Hail Saraki's Acquittal by CCT
The senator representing Ogun East senatorial district in the National Assembly, Prince Buruji Kashamu, Executive Secretary of the Nigerian National Summit Group (NNSG), Mr. Tony Uranta and Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Progressives Congress (APC), Timi Frank, have reacted to the acquittal of the embattled Senate President, Senator Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), hailing it as victory for democracy and the rule of law.
The CCT yesterday dismissed the case of false asset declaration against Saraki following his no-case submission.
Kashamu in a statement he issued said: “I received with joy the news of the dismissal of the 18-count charge against Saraki, and his discharge from the trial by the CCT.
“This development gladdens my heart because it will help to deepen our democracy and further entrench the principles of the separation of powers and the rule of law.
“I salute the judiciary for proving yet again that it is fulcrum of our democracy and a sacred institution that can be relied upon in resolving disputes between the state and individuals without fear or favour.”
Kashamu also praised his colleagues in the National Assembly, especially the Senate, for standing by the President of the Senate while the trial lasted, adding that, “The resilience and support of my colleagues at the National Assembly, especially the Senate, no doubt, would have served as a strong elixir for Saraki while the dark cloud hovered over his political firmament.”
He urged the Senate to commit himself anew to the task of national development.
“While the trial lasted, Saraki stood strong with his belief in the Almighty Allah. He showed that he was a rare leader who knew his onions; unbowed, savvy and sagacious. He never allowed his trial to hamper his job as the Chairman of the National Assembly and President of the Senate.
“Now that all the tension and distractions are over, it is hope that Saraki will commit himself anew to the task of national development and cohesion with renewed vigour, forthrightness and patriotism,” Kashamu said.
Also, in a statement made available to THISDAY yesterday in Lagos, Uranta said the nation's faith in the judiciary is further strengthened noting that it is apt for every accused person to have their day using the court of law to prove their innocence or otherwise.
Uranta said: “Saraki was accused, had his days in court and has been discharged…meaning he's been exculpated. Our faith in the judiciary and the rule of law has yet again been justified!
“It is better to take time to investigate thoroughly, give every accused person their day in court, and allow the law take its full course, rather than let mob anarchy or trial-by-media substitute for due process.
“Also, we all must stop seeing accused persons through the distorted narratives lens of partisan or ethno-religious prejudice.”
On his part, Frank has said the verdict of the CCT freeing Saraki of corruption charges will help the upper chamber to focus more on making laws that will positively impact on humanity.
In a statement signed yesterday in Abuja, Frank said the ruling by the tribunal Chairman, Danladi Umar, that the prosecution team failed to prove the allegation against the Senate President showed that “it was initially a mere political victimisation engineered by a section of the ruling class.”
Frank, while commending the tribunal for allowing justice to prevail at the end, said the judgment will make the Senate President to be more focused in making laws that will positively impact on humanity.
The APC Deputy Publicity Secretary thanked all the party leaders and supporters across the country who stood by and believe in the leadership of Saraki even while the case was going on.
“Now that the case has been laid to rest, I call on our leaders to come together and form a united force for the sake of our party and the progress of Nigeria project.
Frank who said the victory is not for Saraki alone but Nigerians at large, called on both the executive and the legislative arms of government to work together to raise living standard of Nigerians.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DETROIT — Al Horford had 18 points, Kyrie Irving scored 16 and the Boston Celtics get revenge for a rare loss, beating the Detroit Pistons 91-81 on Sunday.
The Eastern Conference-leading Celtics bounced back from a loss Friday night at San Antonio, extending their feat of losing consecutive games only once this season.
The Pistons, meanwhile, have lost six straight for the first time since late in the 2014-15 season.
Boston shut down the Pistons' offence after giving up a season-high 118 points to them in a loss at home last month. The Celtics held Detroit to a season low in points and forced it to miss two-thirds of its shots.
Boston's Jaylen Brown scored 12, reserve Marcus Smart had 12 points and smooth-shooting rookie Jayson Tatum scored 11. Tatum made a 3-pointer late in the game to help hold off a potential comeback by the Pistons.
Detroit's Tobias Harris scored 19, reserve Anthony Tolliver had 15 points and Avery Bradley scored 12 against his former team. Ish Smith added 11 points off the bench, taking advantage of an opportunity to play in place of cold-shooting Reggie Jackson.
TIP-INS
Celtics: Marcus Morris, who was acquired in last summer's trade with Detroit for Bradley, didn't play and is expected to sit out the next game before having his left knee evaluated in Boston.
Pistons: Jackson was 0 for 9 and scored two points on free throws. … Andre Drummond made his first shot late in the game after missing his first four attempts and finished with six points and 15 rebounds.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Wrap up a three-game road trip Monday night at Chicago.
Pistons: End a three-game homestand Tuesday night against Denver.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Canada will enter talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with a goal to seek exemptions from Washington's Buy America directives, and push for stronger labor and environmental standards in the pact.
Source:: World News
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
"That is two to three times more (inhabitants) than people were saying there were," said Marcello A. Canuto, a professor of Anthropology at Tulane University.
Researchers used a mapping technique called LiDAR, which stands for Light Detection And Ranging. It bounces pulsed laser light off the ground, revealing contours hidden by dense foliage.
The images revealed that the Mayans altered the landscape in a much broader way than previously thought; in some areas, 95 percent of available land was cultivated.
"Their agriculture is much more intensive and therefore sustainable than we thought, and they were cultivating every inch of the land," said Francisco Estrada-Belli, a Research Assistant Professor at Tulane University, noting the ancient Mayas partly drained swampy areas that haven't been considered worth farming since.
And the extensive defensive fences, ditch-and-rampart systems and irrigation canals suggest a highly organized workforce.
"There's state involvement here, because we see large canals being dug that are re-directing natural water flows," said Thomas Garrison, Assistant Professor of Anthropology at Ithaca College in New York.
The 810 square miles (2,100 square kilometers) of mapping done vastly expands the area that was intensively occupied by the Maya, whose culture flourished between roughly 1,000 BC and 900 AD. Their descendants still live in the region.
The mapping detected about 60,000 individual structures, including four major Mayan ceremonial centers with plazas and pyramids.
Garrison said that this year he went to the field with the LiDAR data to look for one of the roads revealed. "I found it, but if I had not had the LiDAR and known that that's what it was, I would have walked right over it, because of how dense the jungle is."
Garrison noted that unlike some other ancient cultures, whose fields, roads and outbuildings have been destroyed by subsequent generations of farming, the jungle grew over abandoned Maya fields and structures, both hiding and preserving them.
"In this the jungle, which has hindered us in our discovery efforts for so long, has actually worked as this great preservative tool of the impact the culture had across the landscape," noted Garrison, who worked on the project and specializes in the city of El Zotz, near Tikal.
LiDAR revealed a previously undetected structure between the two sites that Garrison says "can't be called anything other than a Maya fortress."
"It's this hill-top citadel that has these ditch and rampart systems ... when I went there, one of these things in nine meters tall," he noted.
In a way, the structures were hiding in plain sight.
"As soon as we saw this we all felt a little sheepish," said Canuto said of the LiDAR images, "because these were things that we had been walking over all the time."
As Formula One drivers prepare for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix next weekend, Michael Schumacher continues a very different fight far away.
There remains huge respect for the seven-time F1 champion who, more than four years after a near-fatal brain injury in a skiing accident, is still being cared for at home in the quiet Swiss town of Gland on the shores of Lake Geneva. He's been treated there since September 2014. The thick forest surrounding his castle-like home provides sanctuary from fan and media intrusion with high surrounding walls.
While his family fiercely protects his privacy, Schumacher's reputation still towers over F1, and fans of all ages continue to adore him.
“What can be said is that the family really appreciates the empathy of the fans,” Schumacher's manager Sabine Kehm told The Associated Press by telephone on Friday. “The people really do see and understand (his health situation) is not to be shared in the public eye.”
The current condition of the 49-year-old German's health remains closely guarded. Kehm would not comment on it when asked by the AP.
On March 18, 2012 — exactly six years ago — Schumacher began the last season of his F1 career at the Australian GP in Melbourne. He secured the last of his mammoth 155 podiums that year at the European GP in Valencia on June 24, 2012, before retiring definitively at the age of 43.
In his last race Schumacher finished seventh behind Sebastian Vettel. It felt somewhat like a changing of the guard, with Vettel growing up with posters of his German countryman on his wall.
A little more than a year later, Schumacher was fighting for his life.
Near-fatal accident
While skiing with his teenage son Mick in the French Alps at Meribel, Schumacher fell on Dec. 29, 2013.
He hit the right side of his head on a rock, splitting open his helmet. Doctors worked frantically to remove blood clots from his brain, but some were left because they were too deeply embedded. Schumacher's condition stabilized after he was placed in a drug-induced coma, from which he later emerged.
Following his accident, updates went from scarce to non-existent as those around him sought to protect his privacy. Understandably so, amid fears stolen medical records were going to be sold , and unsourced speculation saying Schumacher had slowly started walking again. Reported figures estimated his treatment at more than 23 million euros ($28 million) and counting. The exasperated family stopped communicating altogether.
“Michael's health is not a public issue, and so we will continue to make no comment in that regard,” Kehm said. “Legally seen and in the longer term, every statement related to his health would diminish the extent of his intimate sphere.”
That statement was made 16 months ago.
Never forgotten
On an F1 track near Barcelona this month, a red flag fluttered over a grandstand facing Ferrari's garage.
Two words were written on it — MICHAEL FOREVER — in a permanent testimony to his five titles with Ferrari from 2000-4.
Schumacher quit F1 in 2006 after finishing second to Fernando Alonso by only 13 points in a bid for an eighth title. When he announced his comeback for 2010, he swapped the flashy red of Ferrari for the gleaming silver of Mercedes.
Schumacher's record seven titles and 91 wins made him an F1 colossus.
“He was the benchmark of physical approach, of mental approach,” said 33-year-old Polish driver Robert Kubica, who grew up watching Schumacher and himself earned 12 F1 podiums from 2006-10.
Ferrari furor
Amid the frenzy of Ferrari's success at the turn of the decade, F1 even threatened to give soccer a challenge for pole position in the hearts of Italian sports fans.
In 2000, Schumacher delivered Ferrari its first world title since Jody Scheckter in 1979.
“I remember the top audience in Italy on TV was 12 million. He was very popular all over Italy,” veteran Italian sports journalist Stefano Mancini told the AP. Mancini, who has covered F1 since 2000 with Turin-based newspaper La Stampa, said “the atmosphere was incredible. Calcio (soccer) is always first, but it was also about Formula One.”
Even then, access to Schumacher was not easy. Mancini remembers Schumacher as someone who “wanted to protect his privacy” and described him as “shy, reserved.”
Until it came to karaoke time.
During Schumacher's pomp, a handful of Italian F1 journalists would join him on a pre-season ski trip to Madonna Di Campiglio in the Italian Dolomites. They all lodged at the cavernous Golf Hotel.
“There was a room with a karaoke and bar,” the 55-year-old Mancini said.
Schumacher's choice of song is of little surprise.
“‘My Way,' by Frank Sinatra,” Mancini said. “He was a good singer.”
Hamilton's homage
At F1 pre-season testing in Montmelo near Barcelona, no driver was too busy to speak about Schumacher, amid clear respect for the driver widely considered the best ever along with the late Ayrton Senna.
Like Schumacher in his junior days, Lewis Hamilton excelled at karting growing up.
Even though Schumacher was by then an F1 star, the lure of going back in time prompted the German driver to compete in a karting race. Hamilton was there, still a teenager.
“It was in 2001, and the word was Michael was coming to race … and he raced in our class,” Hamilton recalled. “I just remember being on the track with him and I thought ‘That was cool.'”
Five years later, Hamilton was breaking into F1 when Schumacher was racing in his then-last season.
“I think I was testing, it must have been in 2006. I saw him ahead of me and I thought 'Oh my God, I'm in Formula One and there's Michael Schumacher,'” Hamilton said. “He pulled away from me because I couldn't keep up with him at the time. It was a surreal moment.”
When the 41-year-old Schumacher came out of retirement, Hamilton competed against him in 2010.
“The weather wasn't great. It was wet. I remember pulling into (the paddock) afterward and my car was parked behind him,” Hamilton said. “He really spoke to me on the same level and it was just awesome to meet a great.”
Hamilton is now such a great. He replaced Schumacher at Mercedes in 2013, winning three F1 titles to add to his first with McLaren in 2008. Last season, the 33-year-old British driver broke Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions. He took No. 69 at the Italian GP in Monza: Ferrari's home.
Inspiring a new generation
Two years ago, Ferrari signed up 20-year-old Charles Leclerc to its prestigious drivers' academy.
As soon as he set foot there, the Frenchman, who makes his F1 debut next Sunday for the Sauber team, felt Schumacher's “enormous” influence all around him.
“They push us as hard as possible, so we have the same will to learn. He never gave up. I never knew him personally but a lot of people at the (academy) have said that,” Leclerc told the AP at pre-season testing. “After four world titles, quite a few drivers would have eased up a bit, but everyone told me that he continued to work just as much, as if he was going for his first. I think that's an enormous strength, it inspires me a lot and I try to reproduce it.”
As a youth, Leclerc was mesmerized watching Schumacher on television.
“Seeing him gave me even more will to succeed and to maybe one day have the same success,” said Leclerc, who won the F2 championship in 2017 in some style. “I'm very, very far away, but it makes you dream.”
Max Verstappen, F1′s rising star, is the same age as Leclerc but has already won three races.
The Red Bull driver's fearless driving style has drawn early comparisons to Schumacher.
His father, Jos Verstappen, was Schumacher's teammate when he won his first title with Benetton in 1994. They became friends, holidaying together with young Max and the younger Mick in tow.
Mick Schumacher competed in the European F3 championship last year, securing a podium.
Like Verstappen before him, he hopes to follow his father into F1.
Giving back
Schumacher's family appreciates the unfailing support from fans.
From June 16 onward, The Michael Schumacher Private Collection — including cars, race-worn helmets and other memorabilia from his F1 days — will be displayed at an old airport in the Germany city of Cologne.
“It is to give back to the fans,” Kehm said. “To celebrate Michael the racing driver.”
Paso Robles California hotel indulges visitors with a Cass Winery Mobile Wine Workshop
ATASCADERO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Local wine lovers and travelers are in for a taste of indulgence at one of Paso Robles' most iconic hotels this spring. The date is set for SpringHill Suites Paso Robles Atascadero's Art of Local Hospitality Night, which will feature Cass Winery's Mobile Wine Workshop, this April 27th at the Atascadero hotel.
Cass Winery's Wine Workshop offers guests a broad range of wine programs, each focusing on a different aspect of wine, from education to exploration and appreciation. Union & Vine restaurant will also be featuring live music and complimentary appetizers. For those with differing tastes and a penchant for craft brews instead of wine, Firestone Walker Brewing Company will also be onsite, offering a complimentary beer tasting from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm.
Located in the heart of Paso Robles, California Wine Country, the SpringHill Suites Atascadero celebrates the best flavors of the region, with hotel room experiences to match the beauty and diversity of the area. While staying at the hotel, guests can enjoy easy access to some of the area's best wineries, and embark on a tour of the scenic Wine Country, before unwinding in their room with amenities like complimentary Wi-Fi, a flat-screen TV and mini-refrigerator.
The hotel and its team, along with Cass Winery, will be showcasing what makes Paso Robles such a great destination for wine lovers at the workshop this April 27th, where guests can learn more about the region's history cultivating some of California's most notable wines.
The price for the Cass Winery Mobile Wine Workshop is $15 per person, and space is limited. Guests are encouraged to call ahead to reserve a spot. To make a reservation for the workshop, please call 805-462-3500 ext 4907. The hotel will be taking reservations until all spots are filled.
About the SpringHill Suites Paso Robles Atascadero
Boasting an exceptional location, SpringHill Suites Paso Robles Atascadero offers convenient access to Paso Robles' wine country and a variety of other attractions. The hotel's all-suite accommodations offer spacious, thoughtfully appointed lodging. Each suite boasts separate living and sleeping areas, free Wi-Fi access and a flat-screen TV. Guests can start their morning in Atascadero with a free hot breakfast, then take a swim in the outdoor pool. The hotel also features a full fitness center and delectable California cuisine at its signature restaurant, Union & Vine. If you're looking for a contemporary destination for a meeting or wedding, the hotel boasts three modern venues and cutting-edge planning services. And thanks to its prime location, you'll have no trouble exploring over 300 unique wineries in the Paso Robles area. In addition, it's only 15 minutes from the beaches, shops and sights that line the Central Coast.
Qualcomm is in the midst of a tender offer to buy out NXP shareholders but has collected only a fraction of stock. Qualcomm has asserted that the deal, which is still awaiting approval from all relevant antitrust authorities, was on track and that shareholders would most likely sign on toward the end of the tender offer.
But Elliott is hoping to persuade more investors to hold out, arguing that NXP is worth much more.
Elliott argued in a presentation that the market has not fully appreciated how much of a revival NXP's business has enjoyed, particularly after the company fully processed its acquisition of another chipmaker, Freescale Semiconductor. The hedge fund argued that Qualcomm's takeover bid effectively serves as a cap on how high NXP's shares can go, though $135 a share is far higher than the stock's historic high.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“While NXP's operating performance has fully bounced back over the past year, its stock price has not — again, likely due to, in our view, the ceiling created by Qualcomm's low priced offer,” Elliott wrote in a letter to its fellow shareholders.
Some analysts and investors had wondered whether trouble in the NXP deal could actually help Qualcomm fend off Broadcom's unwanted advances. As part of its $70-a-share takeover bid, Broadcom said that the NXP deal should not go higher than its current $110 a share price.
But in a statement on Monday, Qualcomm suggested that it was not interested in using the NXP deal as a defensive measure. “Elliott's value assertion for NXP is unsupportable and is clearly nothing more than an attempt to advance its own self-serving agenda,” it said.
Qualcomm has argued in the past that other chipmakers have taken a look at buying NXP and passed. And NXP's own chief executive, Richard Clemmer, said on his company's most recent earnings call in October that the deal was “extremely compelling.”
NXP and Broadcom declined to comment.
Shareholders in NXP did not appear to be particularly moved by Elliott's pronouncement. Shares in the chipmaker rose only slightly on Monday, to $115.84, far below the activist investor's assessment.
Joe Namath has been impressed by everyone in the 2018 quarterback class, and he won't pick a favorite.
He has seen more of Baker Mayfield than the others.
And Namath sure liked what he saw.
“I would rather Alabama not play against Mayfield, against that Oklahoma team, as good as Georgia turned out to be,” Namath said, referring to Mayfield's 54-48 double-overtime loss that sent Georgia to the College Football Playoff championship game against Namath's Crimson Tide.
Asked what stuck out to him about Mayfield, Namath said: “Well everything. His demeanor. His attitude. He has a spark. He has a personality that shows a no-quit kind of guy. The anger gets in him. The competitiveness comes to the surface. You can see it, you can see the enthusiasm. His teammates, from what I've seen, trusted in him, counted on him. And boy, his footwork, his passing ability … he looked like a tough quarterback to defense. Those other guys too, but he looked damn good.”
Namath mentioned Drew Brees and was asked if Mayfield reminded him of the Saints quarterback.
“A bit. If anything, Mayfield may even have slightly quicker feet, I'm not sure. I don't have any doubt that if he doesn't get hurt, he's gonna be around, man,” Namath said. “The guy can flat pass that ball and move around beautifully.”
Namath said he likes Mayfield's field vision and decision-making.
“I've seen Mayfield be able to go not from his first receiver to his second, but even to his third and his fourth,” Namath said. “That's important. But you gotta have the time or you gotta buy the time with your feet, and he's done that.”
But Namath refuses to play GM and pick his favorite quarterback on Thursday night.
“I haven't met these guys,” Namath said. “I gotta look him in the eye. I gotta know what kind of guy he is personally. I have not seen enough of any of them and I haven't met any of them, so I wouldn't say, ‘I think they should get this guy.' ”
Namath also gushed over Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen, Josh Allen, Mason Rudolph and, to a lesser degree, Lamar Jackson.
“I don't know that he's the kind of passer that these other guys are,” Namath said of Jackson. “I don't think he is, from what I've seen. He's had a God-given ability that's better than any of the rest of the guys to run the ball, too, and that is a sensational ability, but in pro football, it's questionable how long the body can hold up from the hits. He was nothing but a winner since his high school days, and he's thrown some beautiful passes, but not with the kind of consistent accuracy that I've seen these other guys throw.”
Namath lived on the Upper East Side of Manhattan from the time he was a rookie.
“That can be a bit distracting at times,” Namath said. “It can weaken your focus, you might say. It's a dangerous spot for a ballplayer to maintain his focus on his job the way a coach would like him to maintain his focus.”
So how did he maintain his focus?
“It was a bit scattered from time to time, I have to admit,” Namath said, and chuckled. “I maintained my focus after a couple of tough losses, man. When you know your team lost because it was totally your fault, but 99 percent it was on you, that you played like a dog, that got my attention.”
He doesn't recommend living off Broadway for the new Jets quarterback.
“As far as efficiency goes and time management and what's important on your schedule, being close to where your job is, being close to where you need to be … Florham Park, I would stay as close to that as possible,” Namath said. “Even back then, I never liked sitting in a vehicle trying to get from Point A to Point B.”
Young Namath was more concerned with his surgical knee than the New York microscope. That was in the pre-TMZ, Page Six and social media days.
“There wasn't as much scrutiny,” Namath said. “You weren't as much on stage, so to speak.”
Namath, so proud of his Joe Namath Foundation supporting children's charities and neurological research (JoeNamath.org) was asked if he had any advice for the incoming Jets quarterback.
“I think you keep your head on straight,” Namath said. “The less you read about yourself, the less you watch yourself being critiqued, the better off you're gonna be.”
Namath admitted the outside noise affected him at first.
“It was early on until it literally dawned on me that I knew more about what I was doing in the team than what I was hearing and reading about,” he said.
Mayfield has been known to let negativity fuel his almighty chip.
“To each his own,” Namath said. “I can buy that.”
Namath is excited and hopeful about the 2018 Jets season.
“I'm also hoping that they can get a guy ready for this season,” he said. “I'm still not thinking about these guys need to be brought along so slowly. You don't want to throw him into the fire if he's not ready, but I think these kids are probably prepared better than yesteryear and …
“We want to win now. You want to win now. Been trying to build a team for some time, and I think the fans want to see it now.”
Forty-nine years after Super Bowl III.
Bill Cosby arrives at the Montgomery County Courthouse during his sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby replies to a supporter as he arrives at the Montgomery County Courthouse during his sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby gives a thumbs-up as he arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby gives a thumbs up as he arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
The Associated Press
The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby (all times local):
3:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has reviewed Andrea Constand's testimony about the night she says the comedian drugged and violated her.
Jurors had portions of Constand's testimony read back to them Wednesday. Constand testified last week that Cosby gave her pills, helped her to a couch and groped her without her permission while she was passed out, unable to stop him.
The 79-year-old comedian faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter.
Jurors have deliberated some 21 hours since getting the case Monday.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jurors reviewed only a portion of Andrea Constand's testimony, not the entire transcript.
___
12:55 p.m.
Deliberations at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of his life.
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there, with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch. The panel hasn't had any questions so far Wednesday. They asked four during the first two days of deliberations.
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault. He's accused of drugging and violating a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's lawyers argued that he and the woman, Andrea Constand, were lovers and that the encounter was consensual.
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand's first police report.
___
9:20 a.m.
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago. He says it was consensual.
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault.
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse.
___
9 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial.
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of his spokesman.
Jurors are deliberating over whether he drugged and assaulted a woman at his home in 2004. He says the encounter was consensual.
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far.
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday, Cosby shouted the "Fat Albert" catchphrase, "Hey, hey, hey" and gave a thumbs-up as he got in his SUV.
___
1:15 a.m.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
Cosby spokesman Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse. He's drawn throngs of cameras with his updates on Cosby's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of his life.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
In oil mystery, traders resort to ‘buy the builds' mantra
Nominations for the ninth annual Northern Colorado Women of Distinction, an award ceremony that recognizes community leaders in Larimer and Weld counties, are due by Friday. Those who know a woman in mind can submit their nomination by going to http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2707792/2017-Women-of-Distinction-Nomination-Form.
Ten women and one mentor, who live and work in Larimer and Weld counties, will be honored at a breakfast event from 7-9:30 a.m. April 12 at the Embassy Suites in Loveland, 4705 Clydesdale Parkway, for their achievements in business, philanthropic and government organizations.
Early bird tickets to the event are $39 and will be sold until March 31. Online tickets from April 1-10 will be $49, and tickets at-the-door will cost $59. To register for the event, go to https://events.bizwest.com/events/2017-women-of-distinction/.
In the years following Princess Diana's fatal car crash on August 31, 1997, her sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, remained notably silent about her tragic death, refusing to make any sort of official statement about their grief. But in recent years, the boys have started to open up about their mother to the press. And as we approach the twentieth anniversary of her funeral, they are finally taking the time to publicly reflect on Diana, and how they plan to continue her legacy.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
At the end of July, Diana's sons used the HBO documentary, Diana, Our Mother: Her Life and Legacy, as a platform to open up about what it was like to lose her at such a young age.
For the young princes—William, then age 15, and Harry, then age 12—their last interaction with their mother came in the form of a phone conversation—something that had become a nightly occurrence after Diana's split with Prince Charles.
“I can't really, necessarily, remember what I said," Harry said in Diana, Our Mother. "But all I do remember is probably, you know, regretting for the rest of my life how short the phone call was. And if I'd known that was the last time I was going to speak to my mother—the things I would have said to her.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
When news of Diana's death reached her family, William and Harry were devastated. “There's nothing like it in the world," William said. "There really isn't. It's like an earthquake has just run through the house and through your life and everything. Your mind is completely split. And it took me a while for it to actually sink in.”
Just a few days later, on September 6, an estimated 2.5 billion people around the world watched Diana's funeral, as a young William and Harry stoically walked behind her cortège.
In an interview with Newsweek, Harry explained how difficult it was for him to handle the news of his mother's death. "My mother had just died, and I had to walk a long way behind her coffin, surrounded by thousands of people watching me while millions more did on television," said Harry, now 32. "I don't think any child should be asked to do that, under any circumstances. I don't think it would happen today."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Immediately following Diana's death, the royal family made attempts to engage the young princes in conversation about their mother's passing. “The family came together and Harry and I tried to talk as best we could about it," William said in the newly-released documentary. "But being so small at that age, it was very difficult to communicate or understand your feelings. It's...it's very complicated.”
Getty
For young Prince Harry, tears over his mother's passing were put on hold in favor of shock. At only 12 years old, he couldn't understand how his mother—who took him to soccer games and snuck him out every now and then for a burger or a movie—could mean so much to so many people he'd never even met.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“It was very, very strange after her death, you know, the sort of outpouring of love and emotion from so many people that had never even met her," Harry said in Diana, Our Mother. "... And I was thinking to myself, how is it that so many people that never even met this woman, my mother, can be crying and showing more emotion than I actually am feeling?”
Diana was buried on a small island in the middle of the Oval Lake at the Althorp Estate, her family home. “The first time I cried was at the funeral on the island…and only since then, maybe once," Harry said in the documentary. "So, you know, there's a lot of grief that still needs to be let out.”
Despite their sadness, the boys had to maintain a positive public image and did their best to stay strong in the face of a world that was watching them so closely. "Slowly, you try and rebuild your life, and you try and understand what's happened, and I kept saying to myself that, you know, my mother would not want me to be upset," William explained in the documentary. "She'd not want me to be down. She'd not want me to be like this. I kept myself busy as well—which is good and bad sometimes—but allows you to kind of get through that initial shock phase.”
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Though personal memories of their mother have faded over time, part of Diana, Our Mother centered around William and Harry looking through old photo albums, assembled by Diana herself.
“One of the [side effects] of grief and bereavement is that memories kind of get suppressed or obliterated, so I don't think they knew,” director of Diana, Our Mother Ashley Gething told Vanity Fair. “And, we certainly didn't know until we began the interview that they would be so candid. But quite quickly, when we began the interview, you could almost begin to see the memories surface.”
Specifically, one image of Diana and Harry caught the filmmakers' attention.
“There is one photograph of Diana hugging Harry, and I think it tells you everything about their relationship,” they said.
"She would just engulf you and squeeze you as tight as possible,” Harry recalls in the documentary. “Even talking about it now, I can feel the hugs that she used to give us and, you know, I miss that. I miss that feeling. I miss that part of a family. I miss having that mother ... to be able to give you those hugs and give you that compassion that I think everybody needs.”
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Over the years, the loss of their mother has taken an immense toll on William and Harry. “I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of twelve, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last twenty years, had had a quite serious effect not only on my personal life, but also my work as well,” Harry said in an interview with Bryony Gordon in The Telegraph.
“I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions, when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming at you from every angle.”
Such a close, personal relationship with the issue of mental health inspired Prince Harry, Prince William, and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, to form their own joint charity called Heads Together. The charity focuses on raising awareness of mental health issues and seeking treatment for the homeless, military veterans, and young people. The creation of this organization is a charitable step forward for both princes in demonstrating the empathy they inherited from their mother.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Prince William has also revealed that he does his best to keep Diana's memory alive for his two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte—whose middle name is Diana. “We've got more photos around the house now of her and we talk about her a bit and stuff," William said near the end of the documentary. "... I do regularly, putting George or Charlotte to bed, talk about her and just try and remind them that there are two grandmothers—there were two grandmothers—in their lives. And so, it's important that they knew who she was and that she existed.”
William hopes that in sharing his mother's memory with his children, he can carry on some of what Diana taught him. “Time spent with her, the feeling of having her around, and being loved as a family—or as a son—I think those are the most precious and special memories to me," William admits.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
With their personal accounts of their mother officially on record, Prince William has made it clear that this is the last time he will be sharing such intimate memories of his mother with the public.
“I think she would be proud of everything Harry and I have come through, having lost her," William said. "And that gives me positivity and strength to know that I can face anything the world can throw at me.”
CTV Vancouver
The governor of Washington is looking at ways to shorten the trip between the state's largest city and British Columbia's.
Gov. Jay Inslee has proposed a budget of $1 million to study whether a high-speed rail connection between Seattle and Vancouver would be worthwhile.
The study will examine whether an express train is technically feasible, said Mark Hallenbeck, director of Washington State Transportation Centre.
"In a heartbeat you could build this and would it work? Yes," he said.
The concept isn't new. It was discussed at a Vancouver conference in the fall, a group based in Portland lobbied its local government in 2015, and then-premier Gordon Campbell mentioned it at a news conference in 2010.
But so far, the idea of a high-speed train has never gone beyond talk.
Hallenbeck said there are a number of big issues with such an ambitious project, including where the lines would be located and the costs of building and maintaining the route.
"The risk is, does it actually generate enough money to pay for what it cost to build it?" he said.
"That risk is big. No private sector company is standing here waiting to take that on."
Still, Vancouver City Councillor Geoff Meggs said the city will be watching to see what the Washington study comes up with.
"I think it will happen because it's the obvious, practical solution to a number of problems we have," he said.
"It's very exciting and encouraging that it's being given another kick-start."
The provincial government is also interested. Minister of Transportation and Infrastructure Todd Stone said Christy Clark has been in touch with Inslee about the topic.
"The premier has made very clear to the governor that we support the work that they're doing. The State of Washington has decided to step forward and take the lead on doing some initial analysis," Stone said.
The $1 million study is part of a budget proposal put forward by the governor, but if approved, it would look at the cost, expected demand and possible route. The analysis is expected to include the possibility of up to nine stops from Vancouver through to Portland, Ore.
The results of the research would be expected in December.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Maria Weisgarber
A "strong-armed" robbery occurred in the 3000 block of East Flamingo Road, near McLeod Drive, inside what police called a gaming area Friday afternoon.
In a statement released by Las Vegas Metropolitan police, the suspect approached the victim and forced his way into the register, grabbing an unknown amount of money.
The robbery occurred at 2:59 p.m.
According to Metro, the suspect was described as a 6' tall man, about 40 years old and bald. He has tattoos on his right forearm with a medium build. The suspect was last seen wearing a black polo shirt with a yellow stripe, gray pants and white and black Nike shoes.
Anyone with any information is encouraged to contact Metro at 702-828-3591. For anonymous tips, contact Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - The first lawsuit in response to the pedestrian bridge collapse near Florida International University was filed on Monday.
Matt Morgan of the law firm Morgan & Morgan has filed a lawsuit on behalf of a man who was riding his bike when he was hit by a vehicle when the wall of concrete came crashing down.
Morgan's client suffered spinal injuries and has since been released from the hospital.
“It's important for the public to know that we will do everything to hold any responsible entity accountable for what happened in this tragedy,” Morgan said.
The lawsuit names the parties involved in the bridge construction and design process.
Six people were killed when the pedestrian bridge collapsed last Thursday.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Charles Kumolu
IRKED by the poor power supply in the country, the Nigerian Young Professionals Forum, NYPF, has concluded plans to hold a two-day workshop for host community youth leaders where power stations and pipeline installations are located across the country.
A statement by the convener of the event, scheduled to hold from September 25 to 26 in Abuja, NYPF, Mr. Moses Siasia, said the move became important given the need to engage key actors in the sabotage of the power sector, who had contributed to Nigeria's less than 3,000 megawatts generating status.
His words: “This shameful act of sabotage is mainly caused by youths of our generation, who have lost faith and do not see themselves as stakeholders in our society.
“It is imperative to note with our recent findings that it is only few stakeholders and players in the power sector that is concerned about finding a solution to this menace, while some see it as a cash cow because of their selfish interests.
“But for us as NYPF, we see it as an opportunity to contribute our quota towards nation building. At the end of the workshop, participants will be strategically engaged as volunteers for proper security of the nation's power assets for effective and efficient increased power supply and service delivery.”
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say a dog named Scarface attacked a family who tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress it Friday and her husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off her.
Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard. They ended up in the hospital.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where two children were. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on Scarface before catching it.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — A man with a pipe bomb strapped to him set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said he was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind his back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, `Get out! Get out! Get out!”‘
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A Minnesota House Committee is taking dramatic action to curb the use of luxury suites at U.S Bank Stadium.
That's after a public outcry over the controversial use of those suites by friends and relatives of stadium commissioners.
An investigation by the Minnesota legislative auditor found that the Stadium Authority acted unethically — but not illegally– by giving free tickets to political friends and family members.
The Minnesota Sports Authority has apologized for its “friends and family plan,” and changed the policy.
But irritated lawmakers said they have “serious issues” with how the stadium is run.
“It's time for us to clean house,” Rep. Sarah Anderson, the Republican chair of the House State Government Finance Committee, said. “We're not going to tolerate this anymore. It's not the good ol' boys club anymore. This is about fixing it so the people know their tax dollars are being used prudently and wisely.”
The bench-clearing bill not only bans commissioners from personally using suites. It eliminates the pay of Minnesota Stadium Authority chair Michele Kelm-Helgen, and cuts the pay of executive director Ted Mondale.
The bill also abolishes the current board of commissioners, and lets the Minnesota Legislature appoint most of the new ones instead of the governor of Minnesota and the mayor of Minneapolis.
“There are a lot of changes that have to happen for this kind of abuse — I do think it's abuse — to not happen anymore,” Rep. Jim Nash (R-Waconia) said.
The changes would take effect in July, seven months before the stadium hosts the 2018 Super Bowl.
Some lawmakers say that's cutting it way too close.
“Blowing it up now, in the middle of all this planning that's going on, you're going to be starting fresh and it's going to cause problems going forward,” Rep. Michael Nelson (DFL-Brooklyn Park) said.
Gov. Mark Dayton says he will “strongly resist” the changes, accusing lawmakers of ignoring many stadium accomplishments because of one mistake.
“To have that become the whole picture of the management of that stadium by the Authority — by the staff, by the board — is very unfair and very misguided,” Dayton said.
The Sports Authority owns two luxury suites and rents a third at the billion-dollar stadium for marketing purposes.
A legislative audit investigation last week found that commissioners gave away 352 tickets, but almost half went to family and friends. Only 29 percent of them were used for marketing.
“If this is the how it's always been done, clearly it's not working,” Rep. Anderson said.
A housing support service in Dundee has been given three grades of “adequate” in an inspection report.
Blackwood Care's Tayside Services Housing Support, in Jack Martin Way, was visited by the Care Inspectorate.
It provides a combined housing support and care at home service to people who have a wide range of needs and is available to adults in Dundee, Perth and Angus.
The service was given grades of adequate for its quality of care and support, staffing and management and leadership.
The Care Inspectorate report said: “Observation of staff practice and practice reported by service users showed that staff had good relationships with the people they supported. They knew how to move and handle them effectively and generally followed good practice around infection control.
“A very clear picture had emerged of a service that was falling short of good practice around its administration of continuity of staff, visiting times, communication and some occasions of missed visits.”
A spokeswoman for Blackwood said: “We received useful feedback from the Care Inspectorate and are actioning its recommendations. We were pleased that the Care Inspectorate reported that Blackwood is generally a trusted service which has been an innovator in the use of digital care technologies, a keen trainer of staff and a provider of high quality care and support.
“They also noted that customers said staff were friendly and treated them with dignity and respect. We continue to focus on delivering our high quality care service and look forward to the next report from the Care Inspectorate, which will reflect the changes put in place.”
Listen: World Cup — Morocco's challenge to the US
Fifa will decide in June who will host the 2026 football tournament, with a US-led bid the favourite to win. But resentment against Donald Trump is helping Morocco gain support, says Murad Ahmed
SPARTA, N.J. (AP) - A couple who gained notoriety for crashing a New Jersey couple's wedding reception and leaving them a card apologizing for their actions say they did it as a lark while on their first date.
Carly Wolfson tells WCBS-TV in New York (http://cbsloc.al/2i08E43) that she sent the bride, Karen Tufo, a Facebook message apologizing for showing up uninvited at the Aug. 6 event.
But Tufo - who has said she found the stunt funny and offered to buy the crashers a drink - told her no apology was needed.
Reception attendees have said Wolfson and Ritchie Barry were the life of the party, spending a lot of time on the dance floor and sitting at the best man's table.
Several people thought they might be crashers, but with everyone caught up in the celebration no one questioned them.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEWPORT, N.C. (WNCT) — A suspicious package discovered around 8 a.m. near the intersection of Washington Avenue and Highway 70 in Newport caused the roadway to be shut down and led to a response by a number of law enforcement agencies, including the Marine Corps Cherry Point Explosive Ordinance Detail and Hazmat teams.
After the specialists determined the item was safe to dismantle, they determined the small duck-taped cylinder was a breadcrumb container stuffed with paper towels and four .22 caliber rounds.
According to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in Wilmington, even if the items had remained lit it likely would have burned itself out without generating enough heat for the ammunition to ignite.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 252-726-INFO to be eligible for a cash reward.
The roadway was closed for several hours as a safety precaution by N.C. Highway Patrol and Newport police.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trouble-hit Derby primary school has been told by education officials not to appoint any newly qualified teachers after it had failed to improve since being put into special measures nearly TWO years ago.
Landau Forte Academy Moorhead, in Brackens Lane, was told that "weak teaching" and "lack of support from the trust" were to blame for its third damning Ofsted inspection since it was rated inadequate in June 2016.
Inspector Martin Finch also criticised the leaders and managers at the academy for not taking enough action to turn the school around.
The report said: "Leaders have not improved the quality of teaching and learning in key stage 1. Pupils are not making enough progress in Years 1 and 2 because of weak teaching.
"The quality of teaching is weak. Pupils are not making sufficient progress in mathematics or writing.
"Pupils' use of punctuation is weak and has shown little sign of improvement since the beginning of the academic year. Teachers' expectations of writing are too low.
"The trust has not provided consistent, effective support to enable the school to make rapid improvements. Having considered all the evidence, I strongly recommend that the school does not seek to appoint newly qualified teachers."
The academy, which has around 282 pupils, also saw a decline in pupil attendance that fell below the national average.
A spokesperson for the Landau Forte Charitable Trust said the failings had been down to a change in leadership but stated that "strong progress" was currently under way at the academy following the appointment of a permanent head teacher, Fiona Smith.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She said: “We accept the challenges that are laid out in the Ofsted monitoring report and do not shirk from our responsibility as a trust to increase the pace at which improvement is delivered across the school and particularly for our youngest pupils.
"This has been a period of transition for the school and we are very pleased to have now made a permanent head teacher appointment for September. We will not, however, allow this term to go by without a significant acceleration in the progress that has already begun.
"Where the school is doing things well, there is genuine and strong progress under way as Ofsted commend. What we need to do, however, is to ensure that this spreads throughout the school and is consistent in every classroom, in every lesson, so that every pupil gets the quality of education that they deserve.
“We are grateful for the continued support of parents who appreciate the effort our staff are making to put permanent improvement in place. They and we know just how much needs to be done at Moorhead and we will be working alongside them to continue to bring the standards at the school up to where we all want them to be.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Skipper Richard Keogh says he hopes he can finish his career at Derby County.
The 31-year-old defender was speaking after signing a new three-and-a-half-year deal , which will run until the summer of 2021.
"I wanted to commit myself to the club and hopefully I can finish my career here, that would be amazing," the Republic of Ireland international added.
"We have got a massive connection with each other - we've been through highs and lows, and it (the club) is a part of me now.
"I've got a real connection with everyone at Derby. It will forever be in my heart.
"When I came here, I said to myself that I wanted to be a part of the history of this club. Hopefully, I will be but I'm not ready to stop there.
"I feel like I'm coming towards my best years. I've got loads to offer, and I'm still excited to come in every day."
Keogh has made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012. He has scored eight goals.
Twice player of the year, he has started every league game this season and has forged an impressive centre-back partnership with Curtis Davies.
He is set to lead out the team in Saturday's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday (3pm).
(WSVN) - Those rains we had this month, that left many drivers stranded and their cars flooded? Well, those drivers are now dealing with their insurance companies, and in some cases are being told, “We won't pay for the damage.” The drivers say that's wrong, and that's why they are calling Help Me Howard with Patrick Fraser.
This month, South Florida has seen pouring rain, flooded streets, stranded drivers.
Eddie Lopez would soon also be hooked to a tow truck in Miami Beach.
Eddie Lopez, car was flooded: “There were cars parked already, and obviously, it was a driveway with an open fence. I thought it was a parking lot.”
Eddie was driving this 2015 Camaro he had borrowed from a friend.
Eddie also couldn't see that there was a steep drop from the sidewalk to the lot. He then pulled in.
Eddie Lopez: “The water was real deep, and by the time I saw, the water was actually coming inside the car.”
Eddie tried to get the car out of the lot.
Eddie Lopez: “But the moment I tried to drive a little bit more, it just kept getting deeper. I stopped the car, I got out of the car, and the water was already, like, completely flooded inside.”
Eddie took pictures of the mess.
Eddie Lopez: “When I got out, there was already water all over the floor of the car, inside the seats. Literally, when I got out of the car, water was past my knees.”
He called his friend to let her know about her car. They both then called United Automobile Insurance in Miami Gardens, where she has comprehensive and collision insurance.
Eddie Lopez: “The claim's department came to the conclusion they weren't going to pay for the damages.”
Patrick Fraser: “Because?”
Eddie Lopez: “Basically, I caused the damage to the car.”
All this damage and an insurance company saying, “We're not paying anything.”
Eddie Lopez: “My first reaction was, ‘My goodness. I feel terrible.'”
Well, Howard, legally, can United Insurance refuse to pay for the damage?
Howard Finkelstein, 7News legal expert: “It depends. Many insurance companies would pay for this, but some, like United, have a clause that says they are not responsible if you drive into a flooded area. But you can fight this in court, because if a judge looked at this, they would have to decide if the area was flooded and should have been avoided, or just standing water like Eric says, that hid a hole on the property he could not see.”
While we were talking to Eddie, an adjuster from United Automobile Insurance came to inspect the car.
Two days later, they made it official, sending this letter refusing to pay for the damage, in one sentence saying, “The vehicle was being used for business purposes.”
Eddie says that's not true at all.
Then, in another paragraph, saying Exclusion 25 says they, ‘Will not pay because of damage resulting from driving through a flooded area.'”
I called the president of United Automobile Insurance, their attorney and the employee who wrote the letter. No one returned any calls.
Howard Finkelstein: “Check your policy, because more and more insurance companies are adding this type of flood clause to avoid having to pay. I know the policies are long and complicated, but take a good look at it. If it has too many loopholes to protect the insurance company, it might be time for you to look for a new insurance company.”
Eddie Lopez: “I feel terrible.”
The Camaro now just sits, water still on the floor, and Eddie still stunned at what has happened.
Eddie Lopez: “When you pay for ‘full coverage insurance,' you expect to be insured. And if somebody needs to borrow your car, you expect for that person to be covered as well.”
Eddie and his friend are not giving up. And if they win in court, the insurance company will not only have to pay for the car, they'll have to pay for Eddie and his friend's attorney's fees. We will keep on this and help them any way we can.
Also, if you feel your insurance company has not acted properly, file a complaint with the State of Florida. Let them dig into it.
Facing a flood of problems that are soaking you? Want to insure you get some help? Contact us. We will leave you high and dry, in a good way.
TO FILE A COMPLAINT ABOUT AN INSURANCE COMPANY:
https://apps.fldfs.com/eService/Default.aspx
CONTACT HELP ME HOWARD:
Email: helpmehoward@wsvn.com
Reporter: Patrick Fraser at pfraser@wsvn.com
Miami-Dade: 305-953-WSVN
Broward: 954-761-WSVN
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A new study by AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety confirmed that millennials can't seem to put down their cellphones, even when they're behind the wheel.
After surveying over 2,500 Americans, AAA concluded that 19- to 24-year-olds are more inclined than any other age group to check their phones for texts while in the driver's seat. They also aren't as supportive of legislation aimed at stemming distractions while on the road, and they're more likely to normalize texting and driving.
Phone use is one of many dangers that contribute to almost 100 American deaths every day, on average, because of car wrecks. Another is driving while intoxicated, which almost everyone agreed was a serious threat to their personal safety.
But as the study notes, most American drivers seem to abide by the mantra, “Do as I say, not as I do.” More than one in eight respondents said they had driven after drinking within the past year.
Senators Call for Investigation After Flynn Resignation
Senators from both sides of the aisle are calling for an independent investigation into Michael Flynn after Flynn resigned from his post as President Donald Trump's National Security Advisor on Monday night. Trump allegedly asked Flynn to resign after the latter was found to have misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about discussing sanctions with Russia's ambassador. (Published 5 hours ago) (Published 5 hours ago)
Aggressive driving can also cause wrecks. Though over three-fourths of those polled said they disapproved of speeding on the freeway, almost half admitted to driving at least 15 miles over the speed limit in the past month.
Because of irresponsible driving, 982,307 Americans have died since 1991. One in five survey respondents had been in a serious accident, and one in three was close with someone who had been injured or killed on the road.
In 2015, there were 35,092 people who lost their lives in motor vehicle crashes, a 7.2 percent increase from the year before.
"People in the United Sates do value safe travel and desire a greater level of safety than they now experience," authors of the survey wrote.
Because of dangers associated with driving, many of those questioned said that it's unacceptable to not wear a seat belt. Still, one in six admitted they hadn't buckled up in the last month.
On Wednesday we celebrate our nation's birthday, commonly known as the Fourth of July. On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress voted by individual state in favor of a revised resolution declaring our independence from the rule of Great Britain. Independence is an important place-name in America dating from this event. My mother was born and grew up in a small town in southeastern Kansas, known as Independence.
A few weeks before the formal vote for independence, the Congress had affirmed a resolution declaring that the 13 colonies should be free of British rule. A committee of five was chosen to draft a written resolution. The committee in turn chose their youngest member, Thomas Jefferson of Virginia, to write the draft. Jefferson threw himself into the work and produced The Declaration of Independence which made the case that the new nation should separate from their founders.
On July 2, the Congress voted to approve the Declaration in principle. The next day, they spent chopping it up, word-smithing Jefferson's work to its final form. History tells us that the brilliant Jefferson was incensed that his work could be improved and as usual, stayed silent as his colleagues argued over and changed his work. Finally the revised draft was complete and the next day, July 4, the Congress held a second vote to approve the Declaration.
John Adams of Massachusetts was forever convinced that the day of celebration (with fireworks and patriotic songs) should be July 2 when the Style Committee's work was approved, but history moved the date forward by two days. Sorry John.
The Declaration of Independence is a list of grievances against the British Crown and Parliament which justified, in the mind of the colonists, their independence. An important transgression was that Parliament was levying taxes on their colonies including America without the affected people being represented in the legislative body. The cry “no taxation without representation” was a rallying-cry that reverberated through the colonies.
With this resolution, 13 colonies of Great Britain became 13 states of the fledgling United States of America. Initially, the members of the Congress didn't sign the Declaration because it was still a marked up working copy. Instead, their secretary had to painstakingly write in long-hand the four-page document and all of its copies. It was not until the following month that the members regathered to affix their signatures to the formal declaration, led by their leader John Hancock with his bold signature. The original copy resides in the Library of Congress in Washington DC for public viewing.
The 56 signatories of this famous document were committing a treasonous act and suffered greatly during the next few years as the American Revolution turned to outright warfare. A lot of hard work lie ahead. Against long odds, the newly found nation had to defeat the most powerful nation in the world. Congress had to find the money to support that war and decide how it would govern itself. It was far from easy and would take more than ten years to achieve.
Looking back from the perspective of more than two centuries, it is difficult to perceive how revolutionary the American experiment was. No nation on earth in 3,000 years of recorded history had tried anything so radical. The divine right of kings and royalty in general were rejected. America's independence set the table for other nations around the globe to establish self-governing democratic republics.
This is the remarkable story I grew up with as a boy. Not surprisingly, I'm fiercely patriotic. I read in a news report last week that a recent study showed that the most patriotic citizens live in the state of Virginia. Was this because they reside in a state that was so prominent in our nation's founding? Apparently not since one of the least patriotic states is Massachusetts.
I worry that our schools are not teaching this story to young people. I worry that immigrants to the United States, particularly those who do not arrive by legal means, do not learn this story. Assimilation of young and new people to our great land is vital, in my opinion.
I stand and salute the flag that represents our nation. I pledge allegiance to that flag and all that it stands for. Someday, it will cover my coffin before it is lowered to rest in American soil.
I am proud of my country and all that it stands for. While we aren't perfect, I think we're the best on earth and will continue to work hard to make it even better. As the Statue of Liberty beckons, we are the light of freedom. Long may we stand. I'm particularly grateful to our Founding Fathers who took the gamble and began our march toward independence and freedom. Happy Fourth Madison.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BUTCH COMEGYS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Miranda Karoscik, center, watches her putt edge the cup at the new putting course at Scott Greens Golf Course. At left is Mariah Minter, 15, and at right is Elizabeth Franchetti, 15. BUTCH COMEGYS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER A nine-hole putting course will officially open today at Scott Greens Golf Course in Scott Township. On Tuesday, some players gave the new track a tryout. From left, Mariah Minter, 17, Miranda Karoscik, 15, and Elizabeth Franchetti, 15.
SCOTT TWP. — Whether you're hoping to make it to Las Vegas, or just looking for a family outing, a new chapter in local golf begins this morning, one Scotty McAlarney hopes ultimately will just grow the game.
A nine-hole, bent grass putting course — one year in the making — will open for public play at Scott Greens Golf Club, starting with a ceremonial first putt at 9 a.m. and the kickoff of the grand opening better ball of partners tournament, which continues through Sunday, to follow.
“I've been always wanting to do this, since we were here with the course,” said McAlarney, who has been running the golf course operation for a decade, and his A Swing for Life golf academy for 15 years.
“One of the reasons why we waited was if we were going to do it, we wanted to do it in a natural setting. We wanted to use bent grass and my feeling was that the more I can introduce a different demographic to this that I would be able to help grow the game.”
The putting course is just steps away from the first tee at Scott Greens, and the hope is that family members who don't regularly play might segue from the putting course to the golf course.
Or vice versa.
“I had four people this morning who went out to play and one told me, ‘next time we come here we're going to play nine and play nine on the putting course,' ” McAlarney said.
For others, it could be the first step to glory. Next week, McAlarney and the Major Series of Putting are expected to sign a contract that will make Scott Greens “new nine” the regional and state qualifying site for the MSOP, which conducts its championships every October in Las Vegas.
However, that's not the prime motivation for McAlarney adding the latest feature at Scott Greens.
“We're a family operation, and this lends itself to families,” McAlarney said. “You get a lot of wives who love to play miniature golf, but the husbands won't go because most golfers would rather not be putting through windmills. Here, you're putting through cool breaks, left and right breaks. Uphill, downhill.
“We have two holes that have subtle double breaks. And you'll be like, where did that come from”?
The putting course is just under 5,000 square feet, and “holes” vary in length, with the course playing between 210 and 225 feet.
“Mostly mid-20 feet in length,” McAlarney said. “It puts us in line with the championship putting series because they don't want 12-foot putts. They want to see long, challenging putts.”
So does the average golfer who might just want to work on his stroke, or to expose his or her family to the game.
“If a family of four goes out there, you're going to go out there having fun for a good 40 minutes for 20 bucks,” McAlarney said. “We're trying to keep the price down. I want to make it as affordable as possible so it's a no-brainer.
“Bring your kids up there, expose them to what real putting greens feel like and roll like, and then hopefully we'll grow the game from there.”
Nine holes costs $5, and replays are $3.
The current tournament is a $10 donation to a scholarship fund for area golfers continuing their education after high school. There are three two-player divisions: Open, Parent-Child and Mixed.
One thing is certain: This is no easy track. It's a challenge for golfers of all skill levels. One putt can turn left six inches at the hole. Give it too much room to turn, and it can break the opposite direction. There are also two par-3 doglegs on the course.
“You're going to see a lot of different looks out here,” McAlarney said. “No matter where you go, there's a break. I don't believe there is a straight putt on the course right now.”
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Sam Ehlinger has a reputation for being fearless on social media.
The freshman quarterback established his Twitter presence while trolling a Baylor recruiting site last June. And he showed his Twitter game is still on point in a back-and-forth exchange with former Texas safety Dylan Haines on Tuesday.
Haines started the Twitter banter, telling Ehlinger he "had no juice" in response to one of the freshman's tweets. Ehlinger responded with a reference to Baylor quarterback Seth Russell's highlight-reel hurdle over Haines last October.
Nigerian Lady narrates her hilarious experience living in Canada and how she was arrested crossing a rail track
A Nigerian lady identified as “Blackmigrantgirl” on Twitter took to the microblogging platform to share how she got a ticket for crossing “ordinary railtrack”
Read her hilarious ordeal below;
The logical side of me understands why I got the ticket but I am still unhappy about it. Let me explain what happened.
I had to travel by bus and by train from the venue of a job interview I attended today, back to the home of my hosts on the other side of town- in Stouffville. My bus arrived the train station with very little time to spare for the departure time of the train to Stouffville. Unfortunately for me, the closest route from the bus terminal to the train platform is now blocked off due to ongoing construction. I then had to make a dash for it across from the bus to the train station, following the longer route, down the stairs and then up another flight of stairs to the departure platform.
Only for me to get to the departure platform to discover that I was on the wrong platform and the train was on the far side of the station.
Adrenalin had already kicked in from all the running and I gave it free rein to cross the train track to get on my train. I didn't even have enough time to think about the consequences of what I was doing.
Of course I got caught ????
Next thing I know, a security guard is walking up to me and asking me to step out of the train. Everyone was looking at me like I stole. Chai! My father in heaven oh.
Long story short, to my utter disbelief, th4e security guard wrote me a ticket for 180 Canadian dollars. All my explanation of being late, being new to Canada, not knowing I was violating a bye-law fell on deaf ears.
Now I have to call the courthouse tomorrow, to beg for a lesser fine.
Honestly, I'm just tired???????. I just hope I am hired for the job that brought me downtown today”
Do you have similar experience? Share with us in the comment section below
SAN FRANCISCO — A drone light show could be the future Fourth of July entertainment in wildfire-prone northern California — but not this year. Hundreds of drones, set to wow viewers with a patriotic display of flashing lights in the sky, were grounded Wednesday by windy conditions.
Intel's "Shooting Star Drones," which you may have seen at the Winter Olympics, Coachella or Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show in 2017, were set to perform Wednesday at Travis Air Force Base, north of San Francisco, but the show was postponed until July 5th, at 9pm, pending weather conditions.
The Travis Air Force Base show plans to use 500 drones and feature a gigantic red, white and blue image of an American flag and California icons, all synchronized to music that will be broadcast for the viewers.
Intel drones can fly in up to 18 mile per hour winds, but winds are expected to be 30 miles per hour in the area at Wednesday's planned flight time, the company said.
Travis Air Force Base is just an hour south of Yolo and Napa County wildfires that forced evacuations this week.
Drone shows could be a safer alternative to fireworks in the future, and fire officials in California are happy to see the shift toward drones.
From a fire safety perspective, it's "definitely worth it to use a drone over live fireworks,” said Lynne Tolmachoff, chief of public education for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, known as CalFire.
Several drought-prone cities in the West turned to drones this Fourth of July when city officials said fireworks wouldn't be allowed due to fire danger.
A couple Fourth of July drone shows at Civana Carefree in Arizona weren't affected by wind and were still a go, said Rianna Riego, the chief brand and wellness officer there. That event will be put on by Firefly Drone Shows, a Detroit-based company.
You can watch those shows via live stream on Civana's Facebook page, Riego said.
More: Drone 'fireworks' offer sparkless 4th of July show
More: Fireworks set neighbor's house on fire in Pennsylvania
More: Live stream: Independence Day fireworks over National Mall
More: Northern California wildfire forces evacuations
Fireworks: America celebrates the Fourth of July Nick Stott and his daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15 Nick Stott and his daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A redevelopment project in western Wisconsin that included the demolition of an old dog track is off and running.
Crews are demolishing the former St. Croix Meadows Greyhound Racing Park in Hudson, Wisconsin.
It closed in 2001.
The redeveloped area will be home to condos, restaurants and a baseball stadium.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker visited the construction site Tuesday and announced a $500,000 state grant for the project.
The ballpark will be finished next year.
The entire project should be done over the next four years.
Fr. Z's critics say he's an “alt-right” priest. He says they're snowflakes who should toughen up. His surprising rise to prominence shows that in 2018, even the longest-lasting institution in the Western world isn't immune to the strains of the social internet.
Last January, a Catholic asked a priest for spiritual guidance. Upset by the progressive direction Pope Francis has taken the church since his election in 2013, the person wondered whether it was a sin to pray for the pontiff to abdicate, or even, to die. “No,” the priest, Father John Zuhlsdorf, replied. “It is not necessarily sinful to pray for the end of a pontificate, one way or another ... Popes come and go. In our prayers, we can, without sinning, discuss with God about His time table.” It's no secret that the Jesuit pope has angered conservative Catholics with his criticism of the church's fixation on abortion, same-sex marriage, and birth control; and with his promotion of progressive pastors. But still, it was a shocking answer — an ordained Catholic priest sanctioning prayer for the untimely death of Christ's earthly representative.
What was even more shocking: This conversation didn't happen in a confession booth or a rectory. Fr. Z, as he's known, posted the exchange on his blog to a devoted readership of many thousands. He had pulled the question from his email. He chose to answer it publicly. And though he would later apologize for angering readers, a year later, he hasn't changed his answer. “Frankly,” Fr. Z told BuzzFeed News, “It's not a sin.” The 58-year-old, Madison, Wisconsin–based Fr. Z is a leader in the thriving online community of conservative American Catholics who have used the Trump era to ratchet up their criticism of what they perceive to be a liberal Church establishment, and liberal culture in general. Fr. Z, who has over 40,000 Twitter followers, considers the 12-year-old blog, What Does the Prayer Really Say, his ministry. The site, which Fr. Z told BuzzFeed News is the largest English language Catholic blog run by an individual, has received more than 85 million visits since 2006, per Statcounter. According to Father Z, What Does the Prayer Really Say gets more than a million unique visitors a year. And it draws just as much from the gospel of Roger Ailes as it does Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John — a pro-Trump, anti-Francis hybrid of personal blog, Latin translation, Christian scholarship, scriptural interpretation, and Fox News. (A sidebar on the blog describes it as “a fusion of the Baroque ‘salon' with its well-tuned harpsichord around which polite society gathered for entertainment and edification and, on the other hand, a Wild West “saloon” with its out-of-tune piano and swinging doors, where everyone has a gun and something to say.”) Together with sites like Church Militant, a kind of Catholic-themed Breitbart that the Church has officially distanced itself from, Fr. Z is waging an online culture war that is deeply informed by the greater American political context. “They think the liberal Catholic establishment must be dismantled,” said Massimo Faggioli, a professor of theology at Villanova University. “And anything that can get to that goal is fine.”
Advertisement
Indeed, the sometimes shockingly antagonistic attitude of Fr. Z and his ilk toward the Vatican and liberal culture has invited comparisons to the alt-right, another group obsessed with waging a culture war against a supposedly liberal bureaucracy. Fr. Z, for his part, says he's part of a “brutal” polemical tradition in the Catholic church that dates back millenia. More broadly, the popularity of Fr. Z's blog and the power of his online following suggests that in 2018, even the longest-lasting institution in the Western world isn't immune to the strains of the social internet. “Thanks in no small part to the online world, the degree of open criticism of the Pope and church hierarchy is far greater than ever before,” said Mark Silk, the director of the Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life. “It would have astonished people 50 years ago.” The comparisons with the alt-right are loose. There's no direct connection between Fr. Z and that movement, which he told BuzzFeed News he had to Google when it was first applied to him. The alt-right, which draws on the reflexive atheism of message board culture and dabbles in the forms of neo-paganism associated with white nationalism, has no coherent stance on religion. Much of the alt-right is ambivalent, if not supportive, of homosexuality, which Fr. Z has called “unnatural” and “disordered.” Fr. Z has explicitly condemned anti-Semitism, which has dogged various factions of the alt-right (as well as the schismatic Catholic right.) And the comments under his blog posts are far from a Breitbartian vortex of invective; there are often long and thoughtful — albeit extremely conservative — discussions of faith, ritual, history, and bourbon. But Fr. Z's tone, politics, and tactics bring to mind the online mobs of Trump supporters who helped turn the current moment so divisive. Rhetorically, he's a creature as much of the comment section as the canon, having honed his blogging style since the early 1990s, when he moderated CompuServe's Catholic forum. He regularly rails against “libs,” “edgy social justice figures” and the “homosexualist agenda.” He has coined Trumpian epithets for his adversaries, referring to the progressive National Catholic Reporter as “fishwrap” and the “National Sodomitical Reporter” and liberal Catholics as the “Red Guard.” He casts himself as a defender of Western civilization and culture; In a recent post, he encouraged followers to buy Defeating Jihad, by the far-right former Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka. And his blog links to a webstore where he sells mugs and T-shirts reading “Holy Mass: Turn Towards the Lord Again” in the ubiquitous #MAGA font and color scheme.
Also, his critics say, he has rallied his followers to carry out harassment and no-platforming campaigns that directly recall the alt-right. In September 2017, in a post entitled “Should a seminary headline a homosexualist activist as a speaker?” Fr. Z alerted his audience to an upcoming speech by the progressive Jesuit priest Rev. James Martin at Catholic University, shortly after the publication of a new book by Martin urging dialogue between the Church and LGBT Catholics. Following Fr. Z's post, and denunciations by other popular conservative Catholic and schismatic websites, Martin became the target of an online harassment campaign, including threats of violence. And two days after Fr. Z's post, Catholic withdrew its invitation to Martin, citing “increasing negative feedback from various social media sites.” “For me the saddest thing about Father Z's blog is how cruel it is,” Martin told BuzzFeed News. “It's astonishing to me that a priest could traffic in such cruelty and hatred.” Fr. Z told BuzzFeed News that it was not his intention to sic the Zedheads — as he affectionately calls his readers — on Martin, and added that though he did not think it was appropriate for Martin to speak, he, too, had been disinvited from similar engagements for his views. “I don't whine about it though,” said Fr. Z. “This isn't bean bag.” Indeed, Fr. Z's response to liberal priests who object to his rhetoric is, more or less, Snowflake! In 2014, he told the Jesuit magazine America, “No one forces anyone else to get involved online. If we are going to descend onto the sands of the arena, we had better buckle it on … the notion that everyone has to play verbal patty cake all the time is a rather new idea, both in the church and in the public square.” And Fr. Z buckles it on in the public square with astonishing frequency. In December 2017, Fr. Z posted 141 times, an average of 4.5 posts a day. His detractors are quick to point out the irregularity of his priestly circumstances. Though Fr. Z lives in and blogs from Madison, he was incardinated — basically, given the right to perform the duties of a priest — in an Italian diocese. That, according to several church sources, is highly unusual. Though Fr. Z has faculties in the Madison diocese, his blog comprises the vast majority of his ministry. All of this has given Fr. Z the image of a rogue blogger-priest, accountable to an obscure authority, firing red pills from his digital pulpit at a hidebound institution that is unprepared to deal with the new age of online dissent. “Our assumption used to be that [the internet] was a new community, a new way of becoming connected,” said Faggioli, who added that the Church has no regulations to deal with internet priests. “We now know that it has fostered new kinds of divisions. These Catholic blogs play a very important role in this. They tend to speak to a particular kind of audience, against a particular kind of church.” And thanks to the reach of the internet and social media, the message of what Mark Silk called “religious entrepreneurs,” like Fr. Z, can find and consolidate a politically and culturally homogenous audience in a way a parish priest never could.
It's a point not lost on Fr. Z, who sees himself in a tradition of Christian leaders evangelizing through technology. (A tradition that includes Martin Luther, who could not have spread the seeds of Protestantism without the printing press, but also Father Coughlin, who used the radio in the 1930s to spread his fascist political beliefs to tens of millions of listeners from the tower of the National Shrine of the Little Flower Basilica in Detroit.) “The church has always made use of the best means of communication,” Fr. Z told BuzzFeed News. “I'm one little guy, but this blog is my force amplifier.” That force multiplier has allowed Fr. Z to turn What Does the Prayer Really Say into an enterprise. For the spiritual and cultural succor on offer, many of the blog's readers donate money — on both one-off and monthly subscription bases — and Fr. Z invites them to lavish him with gifts. In exchange for a monthly subscription, Fr. Z wrote in 2015, “you wind up regularly on my list of benefactors for whom I pray.” And the second widget from the top on the blog's sidebar, below only a search box, is a plea for readers to do their Amazon shopping through his affiliate link. The practice has drawn critics, who say that soliciting money directly from his readers inappropriately insulates Fr. Z from Church pressure. But in the context of internet publishing, even on Fr. Z's low-tech blog, it's on trend. From YouTube stars to writers crowdfunding projects, content creators across a range of internet media are finding that a devoted audience can support a subscription model. And who is more devoted than a group of parishioners? “I'm a free market guy,” Fr. Z told BuzzFeed News. “If I put something out there and people want to drop money in my hat, so be it.” He added that he's not paid a salary by the church: “I kill what I eat.” The subscriber model produces a fascinating question in the clerical context: If Fr. Z relies on the generosity of his audience, rather than the support of the Church, how much does he have to tell them what they want to hear?
Perhaps that explains his shifting perspective on Donald Trump. Though Fr. Z told BuzzFeed news that he's not interested in politics, he blogs about national affairs regularly. In January 2016, during Republican primary debate season, Fr. Z approvingly reposted a blog by the conservative priest and cultural commentator Robert Sirico that compared Trump to a laxative and concluded that “I cannot figure out the alleged white-evangelical attraction to Trump.” As the general election got underway, Fr. Z found more and more to like about the GOP candidate, specifically that he recorded a video message for Catholics and was not Hillary Clinton, who he called “treasonous” and “the criminal candidate for the Part of Death.” Since the election, Fr. Z has gathered signatures to thank President Trump for defunding “Big Business Abortion” — Planned Parenthood — contrasted Trump flatteringly with President Obama, whom he called “arrogance incarnate,” and most recently, posted President Trump's remarks at January's March for Life. More surprisingly, Fr. Z seemed to endorse President Trump's travel ban, a decision the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops called “un-Catholic” and protested with an amicus brief filed in the Supreme Court. It was a position that seemed to hew closer to Steve Bannon, the President's former chief adviser, who has claimed that the Church favors illegal immigration because it has an economic interest, than to Church leadership. Indeed, in 2016, Pope Francis said that Trump's position on immigration made him “not Christian.” And so Fr. Z found himself, a Catholic priest, warning his audience about the perils of letting immigrants into America, three days after he wrote that it wasn't a sin to pray for the Pope to die. Said Faggioli, “Fr. Z is much more convinced about the Christian character of Donald Trump than of Pope Francis. That's remarkable.” ●
Advertisement
Advertisement
Joe Bernstein is a senior technology reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Bernstein reports on and writes about the gaming industry and web culture. Contact Joseph Bernstein at joe.bernstein@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
The accused allegedly conspired to replace N1,000 denominations contained in 61 boxes with cut newspapers or lower denominations.
The post How suspects in N8 billion currency scandal stole N511 million cash – Witness appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
GIRLS HOOPS
Windsor 58, Berthoud 38: In Berthoud, the Wizards scored early and often on their way to an easy victory. Michaela Moran led the way for Windsor, pulling down seven rebounds to go with her 14 points. Madi Denzel also had a good game, scoring nine points while also pulling down six boards and nabbing five steals. Windsor moves to 11-2 4A Tri-Valley League, 16-6 on the season.
WHS 14 14 10 20 — 58
BHS 6 12 14 6 — 38
WHS — Chaynee Kingsbury 0 0-0 0, Hollie Hoffman 1 4-5 6, Sam Greene 4 0-0 8, Karly Mathern 1 2-2 4, Madi Denzel 3 3-5 9, Karee Porth 2 0-0 4, Michaela Moran 5 3-4 14, Adalyn Vergara 0 2-4 2, Taylor Kramer 1 0-0 2, Daria Peck 1 0-0 2, Ally Kennis 3 1-1 7. Totals 20 17-23 58 3-point field goals — WHS 1 (Moran). Total fouls — WHS 20.
The Latest: 4 injured in NYC pipe bomb explosion
hello
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
PHOENIX (AP) — Rookie forward Josh Jackson matched his career best with 21 points, T.J. Warren added 20 and the Phoenix Suns snapped a five-game losing streak by beating Dallas 102-88 on Wednesday night, handing the Mavericks their fifth loss in a row and eighth in nine games.
Phoenix backup point guard Isaiah Canaan broke his left ankle in a gruesome injury late in the first quarter.
Marquese Chriss added 15 points and 12 rebounds for the Suns, who beat Dallas for the fourth time in a row dating to last season.
After missing Monday night's game in Memphis with bruised ribs, Devin Booker was back starting at point guard for Phoenix and scored 15 points.
Dennis Smith Jr. scored 17, Harrison Barnes 15 and Dirk Nowitzki 14 for the Mavericks, who shot just 36 percent.
Booker opened the game with a 3-pointer and Phoenix never relinquished the lead.
Danuel House made two 3s and Canaan and Jared Dudley one apiece in a 12-2 run that put the Suns up 35-14 with 23 seconds left in the first quarter.
The Mavericks cut it to single digits twice, once to eight points and once to nine, in the second quarter and were down 57-46 at halftime.
Phoenix dominated the third period, leading 81-58 after Troy Daniels' 3-pointer with 2:20 left.
The Mavericks cut it to 91-84 on Smith's 3-pointer with 3:17 to go but Booker responded with a three-point play to put Phoenix up 94-84. Dallas never got it to single digits again.
Canaan was driving to the basket when he was fouled by Wesley Matthews with three seconds left in the first quarter. Canaan's ankle gave way on a hard, awkward landing, and his left foot was pointing in the wrong direction as his body tumbled to the floor.
As trainers rushed to Canaan, there were groans from the crowd and looks of shock from his Phoenix teammates, some of whom covered their eyes or looked away.
He was sitting up as he was rolled out of the arena on a stretcher.
Canaan, in his fifth NBA season, was signed Dec. 13 after being waived by Houston in October.
TIP-INS
Mavericks: Matthews shot 2 of 17. ... Nowitzki played 27 minutes and is 32 shy of becoming the sixth player in NBA history to play 50,000 minutes in the regular season. ... Nowitzki's 1,462 career points in 70 regular-season games against Phoenix are fifth-most by any player against the Suns in their history.
Suns: The 88 points scored by Dallas matched a season low for a Phoenix opponent. ... The four-game winning streak over Dallas is the Suns' longest against the Mavs since winning nine in a row from 1997-99. ... Chriss missed the previous game with a sprained ankle. ... The Suns set the NBA record on Monday in Memphis with a 3-pointer in their 1,109th consecutive game and made it 1,110 on Wednesday. Dallas previously held the record of 1,108.
UP NEXT
Mavericks: At the Sacramento Kings on Saturday night.
Suns: Host the Utah Jazz on Friday night.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
American companies whose logos or products were drawn into the violent rallies that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia have denounced and distanced themselves from the events and organizers.
One of the most arresting images that surfaced was a night-time rally where white nationalist protesters descended on the statue of General Robert E. Lee whose plans for removal sparked the protests, bearing tiki torches and evoking raw memories of KKK cross-burnings.
The maker of tiki torches took to social media to condemn the events, deny any connection, and highlight that its "products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard."
They weren't the only brand that was co-opted during the rally. A group of "identitarians" from Detroit were spotted sporting modified Detroit Red Wings on their shirts and riot shields. The logo has a wing extending to the right, thought to represent the "right wing."
The hockey team posted a strong condemnation of the unauthorized use of their logo.
"The Detroit Red Wings vehemently disagree with and are not associated in any way with the event taking place today in Charlottesville," the team said in a statement. "The Red Wings believe that Hockey is for Everyone and we celebrate the great diversity of our fan base and our nation."
The Detroit Red Wings said they were also exploring legal action to take to stop the misuse of their logo.
The NHL echoed those sentiments, saying "This specific use is directly contrary to the value of inclusiveness that our League prioritizes and champions."
Two internet companies so far also took action.
The GoDaddy domain hosting company said it would be terminating the right wing nationalist website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service after it published a hateful article about the Charlottesville protester who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters.
"In instances where a site goes beyond the mere exercise of these freedoms, and crosses over to promoting, encouraging, or otherwise engaging in violence against any person, we will take action. In our determination, especially given the tragic events in Charlottesville, Dailystormer.com crossed the line and encouraged and promoted violence," GoDaddy's digital crimes unit director Ben Butler told NBC News in an email.
The nationalist site later announced it had switched providers to Google. But this afternoon Google announced it was canceling the website's registration, leaving it to find another host if it wants to stay online.
Several stores in downtown Charlottesville closed their doors over the weekend to show their support for counterprotestors.
Earlier, room rental site Airbnb banned the accounts of nationalist users who were using the platform to book reservations to attend the rally.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and her husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada. (AP Photo/Carolyn Thompson)
Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and her husband Nik Wallenda attend a a news conference where they described Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda smiles as she and her daredevil husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
The Associated Press
The aerialist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda will perform a series of maneuvers — including hanging by her teeth and toes — while on a hoop suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls in a stunt that will break a record set by her husband, the family said Wednesday.
Erendira and Nik Wallenda said they are excited to again showcase Niagara Falls on the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised tightrope walk over the brink. The stunt is planned for Thursday morning.
"She's a ballerina in the air," Nik Wallenda said during a press conference with his wife at the Seneca Niagara Casino.
Erendira Wallenda will be tethered by her waist to comply with a state law that requires safety harnesses for performers more than 20 feet in the air, Nik Wallenda said, but the cable won't aide her performance.
"It is just as much of a challenge, in fact more of a challenge often, because you're worried you're going to get tangled up in it," he said.
Like her husband, Erendira Vazquez Wallenda traces her daredevil roots back generations. There are eight generations of performers on her mother's side who have been part of the third-oldest circus in Australia, she said, and seven generations on her father's side, which tours in Mexico City.
The idea for Erendira's stunt emerged as the Wallendas were discussing how to maintain their connection with Niagara Falls, where they one day hope to open a Wallenda-themed entertainment center. Nik Wallenda thought the only way to top his own stunt was to redo it without the tether that he had objected to wearing in 2012. That seemed unlikely.
"Remember that world record that you set years ago hanging by your teeth under a helicopter about 200 feet above the ground?" Nik Wallenda recalled his wife saying. "Well, why don't you allow me to do it 300 feet above the falls?"
"I was like, 'Absolutely. That's amazing. That's awesome,'" he said.
The Niagara County Legislature last month approved spending $35,000 for the act.
Wallenda hung on by his teeth 250 feet above Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri, in 2011. Erendira plans to break the height record by performing 300 to 350 feet in the air.
The altitude will take the mother of three above the mist and wind of the roaring falls.
"What is against her," Nik Wallenda said, "is that your mind — the higher you are, the harder it is to let go and hang on by your teeth."
Erendira Wallenda said her training in the rain and mist of Florida, where they live, helped prepare her for the conditions expected on Thursday. She said her dentist made her a mouth guard that she will wear, but she will use her jaw muscles to avoid falling.
"Obviously, my dentist doesn't want me to do this for the rest of my life," she said.
"Our dentist is a very understanding person," her husband added.
Five members of the Wallenda circus troupe fell from a high-wire in Sarasota, Florida, in February while practicing an eight-person pyramid. Everyone survived.
University of Alaska opens its first all-gender restroom FAIRBANKS, Alaska — University of Alaska's first all-gender restroom has opened at the Fairbanks campus' engineering building. The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported Monday that the restroom is open to all...
Walgreens will now let customers use bathrooms based on gender identity Walgreens has decided to change its bathroom policies following an incident at one of their Los Angeles locations — in which a woman was denied access to the ladies room...
Woman accused of abandoning newborn at airport seen on video Tucson Airport Authority police have released new details about a newborn who was abandoned at Tucson International Airport on the night of Jan. 14. The baby was discovered by an...
Hilarious Irish blonde gets locked in bathroom stall An Irishwoman found herself trapped inside a bathroom stall while partying in Prague. “Hello? I'm locked in the toilet. Can anyone help me?” Shannon Keenan yelled over the locked door....
Couple gets married in courthouse bathroom They are flush with love. A New Jersey couple exchanged vows between toilet stalls and hand towels in a bizarre wedding ceremony. Brian Schulz, 26, and Maria Schulz, 21, of...
Newborn baby found abandoned in airport bathroom A newborn baby was found abandoned at the Tucson International Airport, officials for the facility have confirmed Monday. An airport employee reportedly made the discovery sometime on Sunday night in...
WWE star rescued after being trapped in airplane bathroom WWE wrestler Heath Slater found himself in an awkward position on a flight the day before New Year's Eve. Slater was on his way to Miami, Fla., for Monday Night...
Bingewatching Netflix could put you at risk for hemorrhoids Now that's streaming! Millions of Netflix users around the world watch the service while sitting on the can in public restrooms, according to a new study. The purveyor of “Stranger...
Residents living out bathroom nightmare resort to tossing poop out the window The Bronx landlord forcing tenants to share a single bathroom during renovations is doing the same thing at another property he is rehabbing — and those residents are so desperate...
Serie A club Fiorentina announced that their training ground will be renamed in tribute to former captain Davide Astori, who died aged 31 earlier this month.
The Italian international died suddenly in his hotel room before a match at Udinese on March 4.
The team's training ground will be renamed the ‘Centro Sportivo Davide Astori'.
“We've made this decision because that was his home,” said Fiorentina president Mario Cognini.
“He went there every day for training and used to spend time there with his family too. We believe that honouring him in this way is the right thing to do.”
Astori's number 13 shirt was retired by the club, where he had played for three years.
The centre-back came through the youth system at AC Milan before spending eight years at Cagliari, while he also had a loan spell at Roma.
By Pete Walton
Atlanta, GA – Friday, October 6, 2017 – , The USCS Outlaw Thunder Tour winged sprint cars presented by K&N Filters winged sprint cars and the www.rockauto.com USCS 600 Sprint Car Series winged mini sprints plus all of the Talladega Short Track divisions on the October 7th racing card will be re-scheduled on October 28th. Any further details will be released with an announcement to come next week.
For USCS rules, news updates and 2017 updated schedules and more info visit www.uscsracing.com or call USCS at 770-865-6097. For instant info and a chance to win tickets, USCS apparel and more!, Please LIKE and SHARE the new USCS Racing page on Facebook and follow Uscsracing on Twitter.
/ Front page / News
Update: 4:29PM THE Fiji Warriors will be out to defend their title during the World Rugby Pacific Challenge next month.
The side will take on Samoa A, Tonga A and Junior Japan in Suva next month in a round robin competition.
World Rugby chairman Bill Beaumount said the Pacific Challenge helps develop the sport in pacific island countries which in turn creates quality competition pathway for targeted investment unions.
"The Pacific Challenge helps local and academy players gain beneficial game time and gives exposure to a high-performance tournament environment. Fiji won last year?s tournament but I expect they'll face tough competition to retain the trophy next month. It's certainly an exciting event for fans in Suva," he said.
The venue for the much anticipated matches will be announced later.
TRENTON, N.J. – A Monmouth County, New Jersey, man today admitted downloading sexually explicit videos and images of children to his home computer, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.
James Paroline, 27, of Red Bank, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Freda L. Wolfson in Trenton federal court to Count One of an indictment charging him with receiving child pornography.
Andrew Weichel, CTV Vancouver
Some of the pioneers of Vancouver's LGBT+ community are squaring off against the local Black Lives Matter chapter over the presence of uniformed police in the annual Pride Parade.
Weeks after BLM launched a petition calling for the Vancouver Police Department to voluntarily withdraw from the 2017 event, a counter-petition is circulating asking the force to remain a part of the parade.
"We're calling for inclusion," said Velvet Steele, a transgender rights activist who helped draft the petition. "A police officer in or out of uniform is still a police officer at heart."
Black Lives Matter members have argued that while police should be able to take part as individuals, having them appear in uniform representing law enforcement as an institution is inappropriate.
That doesn't sit well with Gordon Hardy, who co-founded the Vancouver Gay Liberation Front in the 1970s. He credits the VPD, which has been taking part in the parade since 2002, with decades of positive engagement with the LGBT+ community in the city.
"Do not tell us how to organize our Pride Parade," Hardy told CTV News. "It's annoying, to say the least, for these young people from Black Lives Matter to pop up and tell the rest of us what we should do."
Black Lives Matter did not respond to a request for comment, but its petition notes a number of examples of what members see as institutional issues in Canada's policing community, including the widely reported inaction toward cases of missing and murdered aboriginal women.
"The policing institution is an instrument of state violence and oppression. Dressing up in rainbows and feather boas does not change that fact," it reads.
"If they really support queer and trans people of colour they need to do a lot more work to earn their spot. There are so many other ways they can show meaningful initiative to work to protect the most marginalized groups."
BLM also highlighted a 2015 Human Rights Tribunal decision against the VPD that found "systemic discrimination" in the way members dealt with transgender people. (LINK)
The counter-petition acknowledges Black Lives Matter's objections as a valid reflection of "historic and ongoing injustices" against black communities, but asserts that they don't reflect the Vancouver LGBT+ community's relationship with local police.
Asked about the BLM petition last week, a Vancouver Police Department spokesman said members would be participating in this year's parade unless officially asked to withdraw. Forces in Toronto and Halifax have already announced they will step aside over the concerns of some in the community.
Nearly 700 people have signed BLM's petition, while the counter-petition has been signed more than 1,200 times.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Sarah MacDonald
By Peter Okutu
ABAKALIKI- Two female students of Comprehensive Secondary School, Achacha 1 Community, Igbagu, in Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, last week narrated their ordeal at the hands of village men and women who had been forcing them to be circumcised by traditional birth attendants in the area.
One of the victims who is 17 years old, identified as one Miss Mbam said that over 10 men and elderly women took her hostage to enable a traditional birth attendant circumcise her.
According to her, trouble started when her father informed her that she would be circumcised in a few days' time, adding that not long after that, she was held hostage to enable an unnamed female health attendant circumcise her.
She spoke with South East Voice during an Advocacy visit to Achacha 1 Community in Izzi Local Government Area in the State when a team of United Nations Children's Fund, UNICEF representatives led by Mrs. Ijeoma Onuoha Ogwe and Mrs. Adline Idike of the Adline Advocacy for the Dignity of the Destitute Foundation visited her community.
“On the faithful day, when I was asked to proceed for the circumcision and I objected, about 10 men and women took me hostage, held me bound and forcefully wanted to carry out the circumcision. Fortunately for me, I managed to wriggle out from them and immediately ran to the Pastor of our church who took me in and haboured me for the night.
“The next morning and still in a state of confusion, the Pastor came up with an idea that I should leave the village and travel to Cross River State and stay with my elder brother for the mean time.
“I left the village and went to stay with my elder brother until I was asked to return to the village following the quick intervention of UNICEF and other agencies that were reliably informed of the incident and they quickly intervened,” she said.
The student who is in JSS 1 insisted that any further attempt to force her to be circumcised would make her escape from her home again adding that before now she had been enlightened in her school and church on the dangers of female genital mutilation which prompted her action.
Similarly, another 18 year old student of Comprehensive Secondary School Igbagu, who was simply identified as Miss Nweke and also hail from Achacha 1 Community also narrated her own ordeal explaining that she had also run away from home, resisting the attempt to be forcefully circumcised.
According to her, she would have been mutilated at the age of 18 with all the pains and agonies associated with it, if not for the campaign by UNICEF and other agencies against the harmful practice.
She urged other young girls in the community to also resist the attempt as that would save the community from such harmful traditional practices.
The father of Miss Mbam and Village Head of Achara 1 Community, Bernard Mbam confirmed his daughters story, saying that he had informed her about the plan to have her circumcised when she turned 17 adding however, that to his greatest surprise, his daughter escaped from the community and ran to Cross River State from where she was mandated to return home following the intervention of UNICEF.
Chief Mbam said that with the enlightenment and advocacy visit of UNICEF to the community, he would henceforth lead the campaign against female genital mutilation and commended UNICEF and other non-governmental organisations for their efforts.
Meanwhile, there was a mild drama at the residence of Chief Mbam when three women including the grandmother of her daughter rained abuses on her and threatened to carry out the circumcision should the UNICEF team leave her behind. The situation forced the founder of Adline Advocacy for the Dignity of the Destitute to take the girl into protective custody.
In an interaction with South East Voice, the Founder of the advocacy group, Mrs. Idike said that she decided not to allow the girl stay back in the village as the women were prepared to take laws into their hands by mutilating the girl's genitals and face the consequences.
She stated that with the girl out from the village, she had saved her from the agony of being mutilated, stressing that her group would intensify the campaign in Achacha 1 Community and other villages in Izzi where the practice was still prevalent.
The issue of circumcision has been an age long tradition in the community irrespective of the challenges and agony women faced during and after the mutilation of their private parts.
The post Two Ebonyi female students recount efforts to avoid circumscision appeared first on Vanguard News.
Did anyone hear about the cholera outbreak in Purto Rico? That's because it didn't happen . . . New York Times columnist Paul Krugman broke the fake story on Saturday stating in a Twitter post, “Cholera. In a US territory. Among US citizens. In the 21st century. Heckuva job, Trumpie.”
Later, he recanted his statement saying, “OK, cholera not confirmed. Conjunctivitis yes; lack of clean water (situation worsening, not improving). But not certain.”
This fake story was retweeted 9,629 times, while the true story only got 263 retweets.
Isn't it obvious what is going on here? Liberals are working over time to try and make Trump look bad, but it keeps backfiring in their faces.
This is disgusting.
Let them keep trying, but we all know President Donald Trump is doing an amazing job being POTUS.
Are you sick and tired of these lying leftists?
MIAMI COUNTY — William C. Smith, 42, of Trotwood, appeared in Miami County Municipal Court on Monday morning and was arraigned on a charge of murder of Willard Higgins Jr. last Friday.
Smith entered a not guilty plea and bond was set for $500,000.
According to initial reports, Higgins Jr., 40, of Troy, died at Kettering Hospital in Kettering following a physical altercation with Smith in the 600 block of Walnut Street around 12:30 p.m. Friday.
Late Friday evening, Smith was detained by Washington Courthouse police and was incarcerated in the Fayette County Jail on drug charges before being transferred to Miami County over the weekend.
According to police records, following the altercation, Higgins allegedly had difficulty breathing and requested his blood pressure medication. Higgins' girlfriend then called 911 and was transported to Upper Valley Medical Center. Higgins apparently suffered a heart attack and was on a breathing machine. Reports also state Higgins had a brain bleed and was transported by CareFlight to Kettering Hospital where he later died.
According to witnesses, Smith allegedly made a comment about Higgins' girlfriend which sparked the altercation.
An autopsy has been ordered and is underway at the Montgomery County Crime Lab.
A pre-trial hearing was set for Dec. 19 in Miami County Municipal Court.
Smith Smith
Smith allegedly killed Willard Higgins Jr. in a physical fight Friday
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A compound called Organo-Osmium FY26 kills cancer cells by locating and attacking their weakest part.
This is the first time that an osmium-based compound—which is fifty times more active than the current cancer drug cisplatin—has been seen to target the disease.
Using the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (ESRF), researchers analyzed the effects of Organo-Osmium FY26 in ovarian cancer cells—detecting emissions of X-ray fluorescent light to track the activity of the compound inside the cells.
Scientists could see an unprecedented level of minute detail and could detect organelles like mitochondria, which are the powerhouses of cells.
In cancer cells, there are errors and mutations in the DNA of mitochondria, making them very weak and susceptible to attack. FY26 positioned itself in the mitochondria, attacking and destroying the vital functions of cancer cells from within, at their weakest point.
Fewer side effects?
Researchers were also able to see natural metals that are produced by the body—such as zinc and calcium—moving around the cells. Calcium in particular is known to affect the function of cells, and it is thought that this naturally produced metal helps FY26 to achieve an optimal position for attacking cancer.
More than half of all cancer chemotherapy treatments currently use platinum compounds, which were introduced nearly 40 years ago, so there is a need to explore the benefits other precious metals could bring.
Although this research was conducted on ovarian cancer cells, the results are applicable to a wider range of cancers.
FY26 has been shown to be more selective between normal cells and cancer cells than cisplatin—having a greater effect on cancer cells than on healthy ones.
Study leader Peter Sandler, a chemistry professor at the University of Warwick, says the research might lead to new cancer treatments. “Cancer drugs with new mechanisms of actions [that] can combat resistance and have fewer side effects are urgently needed,” says Sandler.
The results appear in Chemistry: A European Journal. Grants from Cancer Research UK & Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, The Wellcome Trust, and the European Research Council funded the work.
Source: University of Warwick
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Fake news is a human problem. And Silicon Valley is not good at solving human problems.
With tech platforms built to supercharge the sharing of information, tech companies, journalists, and academics are scrambling for a solution to the spread of misinformation on the internet.
A study published last week in the academic journal Science provided a stark reminder of the challenge posed by misinformation — and why modern technology is making it worse. The study found that it took true information on Twitter six times as long as misinformation to reach 1,500 people.
For all the concern about Russian trolls and Twitter bots, the study found that real people remain the biggest conduit for fake news.
"You can see the viral chain of this information," said Jeremy Littau, a professor of journalism and communication at Lehigh University. "I shared from this person I trust who shared from this person they trust...It's a recipe ripe for exploitation for people who make fake news."
So far, nothing has been able to stop this people problem, and Silicon Valley is running out of ideas. In an unprecedented move, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey recently announced the company will start taking outside proposals to deal with “collective health, openness, and civility of public conversation, and to hold ourselves publicly accountable towards progress.”
We're committing Twitter to help increase the collective health, openness, and civility of public conversation, and to hold ourselves publicly accountable towards progress. — jack (@jack) March 1, 2018
No quick fixes
Facebook, which has been shown to be an epicenter for the spread of misinformation, has rolled out a variety of tools and features. None of them appear to have been successful. Facebook ditched its fake news warning flag last December after testing it for one year.
Turns out, those kinds of flags can have the opposite of the intended effect.
"Academic research on correcting misinformation has shown that putting a strong image, like a red flag, next to an article may actually entrench deeply held beliefs – the opposite effect to what we intended," Tessa Lyons, a Facebook product manager, said in a blog post.
Alex Hardiman, Facebook's head of news product said during a panel discussion at South by Southwest, an annual tech conference, that the company is considering drastic measures.
"As we are making the shift to quality, everything is on the table," she said.
Facebook's previous approach did not distinguish between news sources and “that was problematic,” she said. “"Flattening the news meant you couldn't always tell the difference between something that was trusted and credible, versus something fraudulent."
A few days later, Adam Mosseri, the head of Facebook's Newsfeed product, admitted that people at the company are seriously concerned about reports that Facebook played a role in violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar.
“We lose some sleep over this,” he said on Slate's “If Then” podcast.
Twitter is also working on its problems. The company said that it's figuring out how to boost “conversational health” by showing more tweets from reliable news partners.
Those efforts have been mostly cheered, but there is also concern that handing too much authority to tech companies could backfire. Most companies tried to take a hands-off approach with the information posted to their platforms. Now, there's a question of just how far they'll go.
"We are all super concerned about these middle spaces,” said Jen Golbeck, a professor at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies. “There's a lot of misinterpretation, taking stuff out of context. We want to be really careful about censoring that. We're not interested in creating a truth-only platform because who is deciding the truth?"
Contradiction bias
Tech companies are built to spread information quickly and cheaply, and they've gotten very good at that.
But that speed and ease poses a serious problem when it comes to countering misinformation. Golbeck said that by the time people read something wrong, the damage is already done.
“Psychological studies have shown that "calling out conspiracy theories with the truth makes people believe false stuff more," she said.
Is there really a big difference between bots that retweet fake news without thinking and humans who retweet first and think later? — Sam Altman (@sama) March 16, 2018
Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have taken some action to stop harassment and abuse at the source by banning accounts. But when it comes to misinformation, they have been hesitant or slow to take similar action.
Even relatively swift responses are lacking. YouTube pulled several videos that claimed Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg was a “crisis actor.” By the time the platform took action, the videos had already reached the top of YouTube's “Trending” section and logged millions of views and had become a talking point on the far right.
The Feds
If big tech companies didn't view the problem of misinformation as important enough to fix, there's a chance that the prospect of government regulation — something these platforms have had very little of — will get them to act.
With a perfect storm of frustration among politicians, social media companies may be racing the regulators, particularly in Europe, where numerous countries are pushing ahead with aggressive new rules.
A few months ago, Germany began requiring some social media sites to remove abusive posts no later than 24 hours after being flagged or face hefty fines as high as 50 million euros. France is weighing a rapid response law that would let lawmakers act quickly to stop a fake news story when it goes viral.
At South by Southwest, one of the year's biggest tech conferences, London's Mayor Sadiq Khan used his keynote to suggest that if big tech doesn't act fast enough, they should expect more countries to follow in Germany and France's lead.
Without big tech stepping up to find a solution, it's possible the world will see "regulation that is quite draconian from politicians and policymakers, or you'll have consumers walking away from these platforms," Khan told NBC News. "I don't want either. That's why it's important that giant tech companies act responsibly and work with us to try and find solutions."
New hopes
There have been journalistic approaches by internet entrepreneurs hoping to lend their expertise by creating organizations offering a community of news gatekeepers acting as sheriffs on the Wild West of the internet.
Jimmy Wales, the co-founder of Wikipedia, is piloting WikiTribune, a reader supported news source that allows anyone to fact-check or flag something in an article.
"Ads are cheap, competition for clicks is fierce and low quality news sources are everywhere," Wales said in a campaign video. "Social media, where most people get their news these days, is literally designed to show us what we want to see, to confirm our biases and to keep us clicking at all costs. It fundamentally breaks the news, and the truth is, on the internet, no one is guarding the gate."
Can't Cope, Won't Cope writer Stefanie Preissner has signed a publishing deal and will release her first book - the snappily titled Why Can't Everything Just Stay the Same? (and other things I shout when I can't cope) - this autumn.
Speaking to RTÉ Entertainment the Cork playwright and actress said: "It's brilliant. I'm getting such fabulous opportunities and experiences."
Preissner has a busy schedule at the moment as she is also currently writing the second season of hit dramedy Can't Cope, Won't Cope for RTÉ 2 which she says is "intense" as the alarm goes off "every morning at 4am".
Stefanie Preissner will share her thoughts on growing old gracefully
However, Preissner's certainly not complaining as she sees is it as a "a real luxury to be able to write in a longer format than twitter or on-screen dialogue."
Can't Cope, Won't Cope, which stars Amy Huberman, Seána Kerslake and Nika McGuigan, follows two girls from Cork living in Dublin, who begin to drift when one spirals out of control. The darkly-comic series will be shown in the UK on BBC Three later this year.
In Why Can't Everything Just Stay the Same? the first-time author will explore her efforts to age gracefully - better still, not at all, as well as her childhood friendships, romantic relationships and social media.
Writing about such personal situations are stirring nerves admits Preissner.
"I'm starting to have dreams of my old English teacher handing me back the book with I big red corrections drawn through it. As usual I'm worried about how it will be received, I hope people like it", she said.
Why Can't Everything Just Stay the Same? (and other things I shout when I can't cope) will be published this autumn
You can watch Stefanie Preissner on First Dates Ireland Extras here
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Alvin Ellis scored 15 of his 18 points with a 3-point barrage in the first half and Michigan State went on to beat Ohio State 74-66 Tuesday night.
Miles Bridges had 17 points and 11 rebounds and Nick Ward scored 15 for Michigan State (16-10, 8-5 Big Ten), which has won four of five.
The Buckeyes (15-12, 5-9) have lost four of six.
Ohio State's Marc Loving scored 22 points and reserve JaQuan Lyle scored all 10 of his points in the first half.
Ellis made five 3-pointers in a 3:38 span of the first half, helping the Spartans take a 21-12 lead and stunning the crowd because the senior was averaging just six points a game.
The Spartans scored the first six points of the second half, building a 12-point lead. Ohio State rallied with a 17-6 run to pull within one point.
Michigan State finished off the Buckeyes by outscoring them 12-2 to take an 11-point lead and they were able to keep a comfortable cushion.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
One of my favorite conferences of the year is this week's Oracle Openworld, mainly because Oracle is a company that competes in a variety of business application categories. And they do have apps for the higher end of the SMB space. Unfortunately I was unable to attend this year, but very fortunate to speak with Suhas Uliyar, Oracle's VP of Bots, AI and Mobile Strategy.
Conversational Interface Technologies
With artificial intelligence, bots and voice-first devices being three of the hottest topics today, I was glad Suhas took some time to share his thoughts on how customer engagement is being shaped in real time by these technologies. Below is an edited transcript of our conversation. To hear the full interview, please click on the embedded player below.
* * * * *
Small Business Trends: Maybe you could give us a little bit of your personal background.
Suhas Uliyar: I've been in the mobile industry for the last 21 years and every single year has been an excellent and interesting year. Mobile continues to change every year, but I've been with Oracle now for four years. Prior to Oracle, I was lead VP at SAP for their Internet of Things and prior to that, I was with Motorola Solutions as the Chief Solutions Architect for Enterprise Applications.
So I've been in this industry for 20 plus years, and it's been a really exciting time the last decade plus. Looking at evolution of mobile and now Tech Bots and conversational AI.
Small Business Trends: I had a conversation a little over a year ago with the CTO and co-founder of Hubspot. He said something that really fascinated me. He thought bots and conversational interfaces may be the most important technology in the last couple of decades. Since you've been around and been involved in this, is it that important? Is what we're seeing with bots and voice-first devices … Is it at that level of importance in your mind?
Suhas Uliyar: Absolutely, Brent. I describe it as the next coming of the browser. In fact, chatbots and AI are going to do to all our applications, and the way we interact with data, what browsers did to clients or apps if you can remember that transformation.
It is going to be the next, I would say, the next decade is all about a conversational AI-first approach that is a much higher magnitude than what we saw from mobile-first approach.
Small Business Trends: So we're hearing a lot of talk about AI and rightfully so. There's so much going on in the area. But what impact does conversational interfaces have on AI?
Suhas Uliyar: So AI is a broad subject, Brent. I think there are several flavors of AI, and the way we tend to categorize AI is these five buckets. First, it's all about machine learning, deep learning technologies. One particular, natural language understanding is absolutely critical and vital to the success of chatbots.
The other categories are equally important. The next one is dialogue and context. The third is knowledge services. The fourth is data and insight. One I'm missing … cognitive services around speech and image recognition, so on and so forth.
Now, why is natural language understanding very important? What is really driving the adoption of this tremendous momentum we're seeing in conversations interface. It is a fact that we can converse in a language that is most natural to us and the one we are most comfortable in. And when you look at things like Facebook Messenger or ReachOut, WhatsApp, Telegram, Skype- all those different chat-based messaging. The other aspect to communication is that we expect and get near real-time instantaneous response from the other side. Today, a lot of that was human to human, but the two aspects of a natural conversation and getting instantaneous responses has made that channel very attractive compared to using email or any other communication channel where it is “fire and forget” and wait if the other person responds or not.
In order for that to scale for an enterprise and be able to use chatbots to really enable that adoption, you need something, a computer program i.e., a chatbot to handle that scale. And to handle that scale means to be able to process that natural language that's coming in from the end user and be able to then extract relevant information from that communication, and then integrate to all the systems of record and be able to get information back. Whether that is, for example, a financial institution where you're trying to check the balance of your accounts or your airline where you find out if there's an aisle seat available for you to reserve, etc., etc.
In order to facilitate this, natural language understanding, deep learning, machine learning algorithms are very critical whether that is neural network based or spectrum based. So, without AI and, specifically, natural language understanding, chatbots, in my opinion, would not even take off. That's number one.
The second aspect is what I mentioned as dialogue and context. Which is the ability to divine a conversation with the end user. You want to make sure that the bot is not human, but, at the same time, you want to have a decent conversation with an end user. And we all know, as humans, we don't think quite linearly. We tend to go off on different tangents and based on a certain question.
For example, let's say that I was looking to transfer money from one account to another or I want to pay, send money to somebody. I say, “Send money to Mom.”, for example. And the bot responds with, “Yeah, that's great. Which account you want money to transfer?” And I say, “checking account.” And it says, “How much do you want to send Mom?” And suddenly I realize actually I'm not sure I have enough money in my checking account. I'm just going to ask the bot a question which is, “What's my balance?”. And I don't want to give any other context than saying “What's my balance?” And the bot needs to be smart, and the conversational context designer has to be smart enough to recognize that you're switching context now, and you're going down a different path asking about balances, perhaps follow-up questions could be around, what are the transactions, what are the deposits or checks that have cleared. And then you can come back to the original transaction that you had. So this is what I mean by being non-linear.
And the dialogue and the context also, from a machine-learning perspective, has to be smart enough to understand that, and work in conjunction with your natural language understanding to be able to process that.
One final comment I'll make about this – I mentioned the word ‘extraction'. When I, as an end user, get information like what were my last five deposits in my checking account, the machine learning should be smart enough to understand the ‘last five', and I don't need to quote all that. The machine learning algorithm is smart enough to extract all that information, extract that information like my checking account, knows who I am, what I'm asking for, and construct the integration layer to go get all the information from the back end.
So, long answer, but AI is absolutely critical to the success to chatbots.
Small Business Trends: Great, and there has been so much diving in and companies are really starting their conversational interfaces, looking at chatbots and looking at how you can integrate into things like Facebook Messenger because that's where all the people are and that's where a lot conversations are taking place.
But where do you see the voice-first devices starting to come in? Is this something that's really too far out for a lot of companies to worry about or is it coming faster than some folks think it is?
Suhas Uliyar: I would say it is coming faster … You see from Alexa, but I'm not sure if you've picked up Google Home now has the capability to have multi-user authentication on voice. So, for example, if my daughter says, “Call Mom.”, it'll call my wife, as opposed to calling my mom. And if I was to say, “Call Mom.”, it would say, “You don't have a mother.”
So I think that sophistication is already there, and there are a lot of enterprise security features being added to it, so I would say voice is coming fast.
But before we get into these, what I call, VPAs like Alexa or Amazon Dot Echo, Google Home, Apple Pod. Brent, voice-first has been there through Siri, and Cortana and Google Voice. What I would say is, particularly in the enterprise world, especially in the CRM and service and so on so forth, a lot of customers want to be able to extend their existing mobile app or their existing web interface to include voice in it.
So for example, if you are using Internet Explorer or Chrome or your favorite browser, to be able to extend that on your MacBook or on your Surface devices and be able to use either Siri or Cortana to interface with the chatbot. I don't think you have to wait until everyone embraces the Amazon Dot, Echo, Google Home. We've been seeing it for the last year plus where mobile devices have already been interacting using Siri, Cortana, Google Voice, etc. And so that's been a part of our adoption that has happened over the last year. Where there are mobile devices that had mobile apps, have now extensions to chat applications within the mobile app or within the browser itself. Within that itself, you could use those voice channels.
So those are already being adopted, and we are seeing a very natural adoption of these voice channels because people, again, like to converse and use voice. The only thing that's, I would say, inhibiting the growth or adoption of devices like Dot Echo, Google Home in the enterprise is the security layer of it, which, I believe, is getting fixed very quickly. Today you can use Alexa, for example, for a home bank or integration with your bank, which is probably the most secure thing that all are concerned about. So, I see this progression very fast and very quickly we will see this level.
Now, the only thing that stops voice being adopted, in general, is the privacy, not necessarily to do the authentication, authorization of it, but what people can listen into. So, certainly, you're not going to walk in your house with a bunch of guests and ask your bot, Alexa or Google Home, what's your balance. You want to do it in privacy. The problem with that is if you're in a public environment, no matter where you are, the response back in voice could be heard by most of the people. So I think it just comes down to the use case the environments where you are.
That's why one of the areas that we've heavily focused on is gathering insights into the adoption of these channels. It's not as simple as saying, “People don't want to use voice versus chat versus that.” It's also being able to understand what are the specific use cases where certain channels are better than the others. Are there certain environments, are there certain times where these channels are being used or adopted more than the other channels?
Small Business Trends: One of the folks over at Amazon said, “Now is the time to start designing experiences for the ear.” Does your customer base need to morph the way they traditionally do things in order to take full advantage of delivering experiences that customers are starting to expect with these interfaces? What are some of the biggest challenges facing companies when looking to implement these strategies?
Suhas Uliyar: Brent, totally. About a decade ago, the digital agencies were all transforming themselves to create delightful mobile app experiences. If you asked me this question 14 years ago, I would have said, “Yes, enterprises need to really look at bringing on designers, UI/UX designers for your mobile apps.” And now we are in the exact same stage a decade later for the conversational designer. And we are beginning to see certain companies bring on folks or start with research capabilities. At Oracle, we have a conversational designer team that helps our customers to really understand how do you best configure this so it does provide the delightful experience to the end user.
So the risks actually are in exactly that mode, which is having the right design to have the right experiences. And also understand the channel. As an example, if you're designing for Facebook Messenger, a more visual channel is a little bit easier to handle so that when you send information back and send pictures or videos back, it's easier to consume in Messenger, Line, Skype, etc. But you're not going to see that in Alexa or Google Home or other types of channels. And so you have to really understand what channels your customers are coming in and have the proper design.
Small Business Trends: If we peer out a year or two from now, where are we going to be with conversational interface? Where are we going to be with the voice-first interfaces, do you think?
Suhas Uliyar: I believe we are going to see a convergence of immersive technologies and conversational interfaces. So things like augmented reality, virtual reality… One of the challenges of virtual reality today is that the type of the devices restrict what you can and cannot do. But I see that opening up. Google Glasses was an experiment, which showed it could potentially work- it needed some work. But, imagine a day where you don't necessarily need to look at your mobile device variables in themselves are conversational-led. So now, you could be very – in a very natural mode- be able to look at the world in a three dimensional way and be able to discern information you need using conversational interfaces.
There's a lot beyond that. In just in the world of AI, for example, image recognition, sentiment analysis, Q and A analysis. We've got knowledge graphs, so I am able to … CRM, for example, imagine the data the salesperson asks the CRM database, “Hey, it's a new quarter. Tell me the 10 sales opportunities that helps me make my quota.” And the back-end, the bot, and the AI engine not only takes the leads that they have, but they are also able to marry that with information from other sources, whether it's LinkedIn or Reuters or other things that calculates the propensity of the customer to buy your product and highlights that to you based on the question you asked. And that information could be sent to you in whichever way you want. The devices could be like, for example, HoloLens that Microsoft is working on. So I would say we are entering into the next few years where devices are going to take a very interesting shape through 3D virtual reality, but the interaction with that is all going to be voice-based.
This is part of the One-on-One Interview series with thought leaders. The transcript has been edited for publication. If it's an audio or video interview, click on the embedded player above, or subscribe via iTunes or via Stitcher.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Best Buy Co., the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer, says it will be handing out bonuses to more than 100,000 employees, joining a list of companies sharing a portion of their windfall from the corporate tax reform law with employees.
The Minneapolis-based chain says that this month it will pay one-time bonuses of $1,000 to full-time workers and $500 to part-time employees.
Company spokesman Jeff Shelman said full-time salaried employees on a bonus plan will not get the extra funds.
Best Buy joins a list of others including Walmart Inc., Walt Disney Co. and Starbucks Corp., adopting measures such as giving out bonuses, enhancing maternity benefits and raising wages in the wake of the tax overhaul.
The Best Buy bonuses were first reported by the Star Tribune in Minneapolis.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy appeared with Donald Trump at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida, in January. Andrew Harnik AP
Chris Landry graduated from LSU. He was a graduate assistant football coach there and assistant football coach there in the 1980s. He worked with Nick Saban in the NFL and helped facilitate Saban being hired by LSU. He's worked as a consultant to LSU head football coaching searches and continues to live in Baton Rouge. […]
The post The rise and fall of LSU football – from the inside appeared first on Gridiron Now.
Visit footballrumormill.com for the latest news and rumors or follow them on Twitter @fbrumormill
By Festus Ahon
ASABA-A Human Rights Activist and legal practitioner, Mr Oghenejabor Ikimi, has said with the recent judgment which held that the courts cannot stop the Economic and Financial Crime Commission, EFCC from discharging its statutory functions, alleged offenders would no longer have a hiding place.
Reacting to a court judgment delivered by Justice O E Abang to that effect in a statement, Ikimi said “we believe that with the judgment, alleged offenders would not use our law courts as a shield to preventing our law enforcement agencies from discharging their statutory functions”.
The Federal High Court sitting in Asaba had in a judgment on 23rd of February, 2018 presided over by Justice O. E. ABANG in Suit No: FHC/ASB/CS/22/2017 PRINCE OKEOGHENE KINGSLEY MILLER & 3 ORS VS. COMRADE GODWIN IKOLO & ANOR dismissed the claim for damages or claim for the Respondents to tender unreserved and unqualified apology as the Respondents did not in any way violate the fundamental rights of the Applicants. The said suit of the Applicants was therefore dismissed with the cost of N25,000.00 awarded each in favour of the 1st and 2nd Respondents payable by the Applicants jointly and severally holding that the said suit was lacking in merit.
The Applicants are members of Commercial Motorcycles and Tricycles Operators Association of Delta State. The 1st Respondent is a member of National Commercial Motorcycle and Tricycle Owners and Riders Association, Delta State Chapter.
The 1st Respondent on 10th October, 2016 wrote a petition to the 2nd Respondent (EFCC) alleging that the Applicants being officials of the Commercial Motorcycles and Tricycles Operators Association had misapplied, mismanaged and looted the proceeds from the daily collection of welfare tickets and government daily permit tickets from motorcycle and tricycle operators in Delta State.
That on account of the above petition, the 2nd Respondent (EFCC) invited the Applicants to answer to those charges or to respond to the allegation leveled against them. The 1st Applicant honoured the invitation, made statement to the 2nd Respondent (EFCC) and was admitted to bail on the day he reported. The 2nd Applicant also honoured the said invitation and was admitted to bail same day.
However the 3rd and 4th Applicant never honoured the said invitation of the 2nd Respondent (EFCC). The 1st Applicant was only able to perfect his bail conditions on 10th March, 2017 and was released on administrative bail same day, only for the Applicants to initiate this fundamental rights suit at the Federal High Court, No. 2, Asaba for unlawful detention amongst other declarations including the sum of N500,000,000.00 (Five hundred million naira) as damages against the Respondents.
Abang in the judgment said; “As regard restraining the 2nd Respondent from further arresting or inviting the Applicants, this is not possible.
“A Court of law cannot restrain the 2nd Respondent (EFCC) from discharging its functions. See AG of Anambra State V. UBA (2000) 15 NWLR Pt. 947 paragraph 41C at 67 – 68. The claim for damages or claim for the Respondents to tender unreserved and unqualified apology lacks merit.
“The Respondents did not in any way violate the fundamental rights of the Applicants. The suit of the Applicants lacks merit and it is accordingly dismissed with cost of N25,000.00 awarded each in favour of the 1st and 2nd Respondents payable by the Applicants jointly and severally. I so hold”.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – North Carolina lawmakers are considering new legislation which would allow people ages 18 and older to carry a concealed gun without a permit.
Current law requires people to pass a safety and training course before getting a concealed carry permit. That involves practice firing handguns and understanding state gun laws, yet this bill would eliminate that.
The republican legislator who introduced the Constitutional Carry Act says it would help lawful citizens protect themselves, yet opponents call it dangerous.
So 9 On Your Side went to a local concealed carry class instructor to find out what impact this could have if passed.
“I don't think it's a good idea. It's kind of strange that they would make it that you legally own a gun and you can just conceal one and carry it in public with no training on the law and not knowing if you're capable of shooting what you're aiming at and it just sounds kind of dangerous to me,” James Satterthwaite said.
Satterthwaite says the course covers state laws, what rights people have to defend themselves, handgun safety, and actual practice firing a gun. He says training is crucial.
“If you have a driver's license, you can drive on the road and you have to have some knowledge of traffic law you know for the citizens' safety. And I can't imagine them taking away the mandatory 8 hours training and the short range pistol course you have to shoot in order to obtain your concealed handgun,” Satterthwaite said.
The proposed bill still makes it illegal to carry most concealed weapons including a razor, metal knuckles, and even a slingshot.
Similar legislation was introduced last year, but got no traction.
The bill passed its first reading and now goes to committees. If passed, the bill would make North Carolina the 12th state with a constitutional carry law.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A war veteran should be discharged from hospital this week having undergone the world's first extensive penis and scrotum transplant.
The veteran lost his genitals in a blast in Afghanistan and underwent surgery last month.
Saying they wanted to address "an unspoken injury of war", Johns Hopkins University surgeons rebuilt the man's entire pelvic region - transplanting a penis, scrotum and part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor - in a highly experimental 14-hour operation.
Such transplants "can help those warriors with missing genitalia just as hand and arm transplants transformed the lives of amputees", said Dr WP Andrew Lee, Hopkins's chairman of plastic and reconstructive surgery.
The patient, who asked to remain anonymous, is expected to recover urinary and, eventually, sexual function.
The scrotum transplant did not include the donor's testicles, meaning reproduction will not be possible.
"We just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions" with that extra step, said Dr Damon Cooney.
Three other successful penis transplants have been reported, two in South Africa and one in 2016 at Massachusetts General Hospital. Those transplants involved only the penis, not extensive surrounding tissue that made this transplant much more complex.
(Image: Getty images)
The loss of a penis, whether from cancer, accident or war injury, is emotionally traumatic, affecting urination, sexual intimacy and the ability to conceive a child. Many patients suffer in silence because of the stigma.
Doctors sometimes reconstruct the form of a penis from a patient's own skin, usually to treat congenital abnormalities or during transgender surgery. That requires using implants to achieve erection.
For a functional penis transplant, surgeons must connect tiny nerves and blood vessels. Candidates face some serious risks, including rejection of the tissue and side effects from anti-rejection drugs that must be taken for life.
But penis transplants have generated intense interest among veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, and a few years ago Hopkins surgeons began planning and rehearsing how to perform such a complex operation in patients with widespread tissue damage.
The Department of Defence Trauma Registry has recorded 1,367 male service members who survived with genitourinary injuries between 2001 and 2013. It is not clear how many victims lost all or part of the penis.
Hopkins is screening additional veterans to see if they are candidates for this type of reconstructive transplant.
Finding donors is an additional hurdle. In the US, people or their families who agree to donate organs such as a heart or lung must be asked separately about also donating a penis, hand, face or other body part.
The Hopkins patient received an extra experimental step, an infusion of bone marrow from his donor that research suggests may help a recipient's immune system better tolerate a transplant.
Surgeons said that is enabling the veteran to take one anti-rejection drug instead of several.
In a statement from Hopkins, the patient was quoted as saying: "When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal."
The Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the home of an alleged unlicensed breeder in Lancaster County last week after it received a tip that dogs were being illegally debarked. The group found that three dogs, including Rosella shown here, had been debarked by someone who had pushed a pipe-like object down their throats multiple times. Courtesy of Pennsylvania SPCA
Ball State went to overtime Tuesday needing to stop a three-game losing streak.
With senior forward Ryan Weber draining seven 3-pointers, the Cardinals did so, winning 81-72 at Northern Illinois to go above .500 in Mid-American Conference play.
Ball State (16-10, 7-6) took a seven-point lead in the final minute of overtime on a 3 by Weber, who scored a game-high 23 points. Weber's 7-of-11 performance from long range helped the Cardinals go 14 for 36 as a team, outdoing the Huskies' 6-of-13 3-point showing.
Northern Illinois (14-12, 6-7) led 39-31 at halftime and was still up by three with 14 seconds left in regulation at the NIU Convocation Center in DeKalb, Illinois. That's when Weber nailed a 3 to send the contest to overtime at 61-61.
No. 13 KENTUCKY 83, TENNESSEE 58: In Lexington, Kentucky, Malik Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds, Derek Willis had 16 points and the Wildcats made 10 3-pointers in the first half to roll past the Volunteers.
Long-range shooting provided the biggest lift as Kentucky (21-5, 11-2) made 11 3s, its first double-digit effort from behind the arc in a month, as Monk and Willis each made four in the first half.
No. 15 FLORIDA 114, AUBURN 95: In Auburn, Alabama, Canyon Barry scored a season-high 30 points and the Gators kept up with high-scoring Auburn for a half, then sprinted away.
Known more for their stingy defense, the Gators (21-5, 11-2 Southeastern Conference) blew past their previous scoring high of 106 points en route to a seventh straight win.
MICHIGAN STATE 74, OHIO STATE 66: In East Lansing, Michigan, Alvin Ellis scored 15 of his 18 points with a 3-point barrage in the first half for the Spartans. Miles Bridges had 17 points and 11 rebounds and Nick Ward scored 15 for Michigan State (16-10, 8-5 Big Ten), which has won four of five.
TAYLOR 81, HUNTINGTON 71: In Huntington, Keaton Hendricks scored 19 points to lead the Trojans, who used a 41-38 halftime lead and a 12-0 edge in points off turnovers to win at Platt Arena. Huntington (15-14, 6-11 Crossroads League) has lost three straight games since upsetting then-No. 6 Indiana Wesleyan. Konner Platt had a team-high 14 points and eight rebounds for the Foresters, while Mike Bush added two points, 10 assists and five rebounds.
Women
CENTRAL FLORIDA 66, No. 22 SOUTH FLORIDA 62: In Tampa, Florida, Aliyah Gregory scored a career-high 34 points and surpassed 1,000 career points, and the Knights had a 15-point, second-half lead then held on for the victory, which snaps a 19-game losing streak against South Florida. It was the first win since 1980 against the Bulls, and the first in Tampa.
Indianapolis 500 winner Will Power photographed at The Dallas Morning News on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Will Power, the 2014 IndyCar champion, stopped by Dallas just three days after winning the 2018 Indianapolis 500.
He will be back in The Metroplex for the DXC Technology 600 at Texas Motor Speedway to defend his 2017 win, but in the meantime, get to know the Aussie with this video below.
For more coverage of the upcoming race, visit dallasnews.com/motorsports.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
(CNN) -- Mariah Carey's botched New Year's Eve performance is turning into an even bigger controversy.
Carey's team is blaming Dick Clark Productions, the production company behind the annual "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special on ABC, saying the company "set her up to fail." And Dick Clark Productions is firing back.
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists. To suggest that DCP, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd," Dick Clark Productions said in a statement provided to CNN.
The statement continued: "In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that [Dick Clark Productions] had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry."
Their response comes after Carey's team spoke to Billboard magazine and claimed that Carey, who had attended a rehearsal earlier in the day, had alerted Dick Clark Productions that her ear piece was not working. Carey's publicist, Nicole Perna, said that her client "was not winging this moment and took it very seriously" and added, "A shame that production set her up to fail."
Perna separately said to CNN, "There was a production issue. Technical difficulties. Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances."
As for Carey singing along to a track, a source close to her said: "It is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances."
Carey took the stage shortly before midnight for a three song set, first performing "Auld Lang Syne" before moving to her own song, the 1991 hit "Emotions." That's when things started visibly going downhill. While the track played, Carey told the audience that a proper sound check had not taken place and opted to let those in the crowd sing her lyrics. After walking off stage in a huff after attempting to sing her hit, "We belong together," Carey took to Instagram to post a meme with the caption: Sh** happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Going for Growth 2018 assesses what the country-specific reform priorities are and how policy measures can be packaged together to boost long-term growth, improve competitiveness and productivity, create jobs and ensure a more inclusive and sustainable economy.
This year's edition reveals that governments continue prioritising employment and social protection reforms, which are important for achieving greater inclusiveness and a more balanced distribution of income, and that these actions have delivered results. Employment rates of youth and low-skilled workers have continued to improve. However, the share of youth neither in employment nor at school or training remains high in some countries, and more needs to be done to improve the gender balance in employment and wages.
The report points to a further slowdown in 2017 from the already modest pace of reform observed in the previous two years, and finds little sign of any imminent pick-up.
“With the major economies of the world all enjoying a widespread upswing, a window of opportunity has opened for ending the long period of stagnating living standards faced by a large share of the population in too many of our countries,” OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurría said. “But coherent structural reform strategies -- and the political will to deploy them -- will be needed for the global upswing to be sustained and deliver a durable improvement in productivity and living standards. These reforms are difficult, but the return of strong growth means that there is a much better chance that they bear fruit more rapidly.”
Going for Growth 2018 suggests governments should concentrate reform efforts around policy packages designed to unlock skills development and innovation capacity, promote business dynamism and the diffusion of knowledge, and preserve social cohesion while helping workers make the most of a dynamic labour market.
“Significant reforms across G20 countries have been too few and far between to boost productivity and reduce the reliance of our economies on macro-policy stimulus,” Mr Gurría said. “Individually and collectively, policymakers need to find ways to address well-known growth bottlenecks and lay the groundwork for their economies, and all of their citizens, to make the most of the digital transformation.”
Presenting Going for Growth with Argentine Finance Minister Nicolás Dujovne during the G20 Meeting of Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors taking place in Buenos Aires, Mr Gurría said that implementing the report's reform recommendations would help to achieve the G-20 objectives for stronger and more inclusive and sustainable growth.
The Going for Growth analysis is part of the OECD's wider contribution to the G20 Framework for Strong, Sustainable and Balanced Growth. The OECD works with G20 countries to quantify their efforts to boost GDP and to achieve national growth strategy objectives.
The recipe for reform varies by country, spanning recommendations on creating a more competitive business environment by lowering regulatory barriers to firm entry and exit; helping workers to cope with the rapid turnover of firms and jobs through effective job search assistance, lifelong training programmes and other measures to facilitate the return of laid off workers to quality jobs; and better prepare youth for the labour market of the future with improvements in access to, and outcomes from, basic and vocational education.
Going for Growth 2018 notes that the pace of reforms continues to vary across both countries and policy areas. It points out that governments have tended to concentrate reform efforts in specific policy areas, running the risk of missing potential gains from policy synergies and reform complementarities. Improved packaging of reforms would make them easier to implement, maximise the impact on growth and job creation, help avoid unintended spill-over effects across policy areas, and contribute to reduce income inequality.
Among the highlights in this year's report:
The pace of reform has, on average across countries, remained similar to the relatively slow pace observed in the past two years. In both advanced and emerging economies, there are few signs of a return to the higher pace of reform seen immediately following the global economic crisis.
Notwithstanding the slow pace of reform, some bold actions were taken. Notable examples include reforms to strengthen social protection in Greece and Italy, a long-overdue reform of the labour market in France, significant measures in Japan to increase childcare capacity, a goods and services tax in India and a comprehensive tax reform in Argentina.
Among reforms to boost skills acquisition and innovative capacity, actions to increase the size and efficiency of R&D support have been particularly widespread, with fewer significant reforms in higher education.
The bulk of actions taken to promote business dynamism and knowledge diffusion have focused on strengthening physical and legal infrastructure, as well as on making product market regulation more competition-friendly.
While a high number of actions have been taken to reform social benefits, more reforms are needed to help workers cope with rapid changes in jobs and tasks, including in complementary areas such as active labour market policies and housing policies, to facilitate the job market transition and mobility.
Further information on Going for Growth 2018 is available at: http://www.oecd.org/eco/going-for-growth.htm. Detailed country notes are available on OECD and G20 countries.
For further information, journalists should contact Lawrence Speer (+33 6 0149 6891) or the OECD Media Office (+33 1 4524 9700).
Diese Pressemitteilungen könnten Sie auch interessieren
Division I
Wednesday's semifinals
No. 4 Amador Valley 3, No. 1 Freedom 0
No. 3 Foothill 2, No. 2 Heritage 0
Saturday's final
No. 4 Amador Valley (22-5-1) vs. No. 3 Foothill (24-3) at Diablo Valley College, noon
Division II
Tuesday's semifinal
No. 4 Carondelet 5, No. 9 Livermore 1
Wednesday's semifinal
No. 6 Bishop O'Dowd (16-5) 8, No. 2 Concord 0
Saturday's final
No. 4 Carondelet (19-8) vs. No. 6 Bishop O'Dowd (17-5) at Diablo Valley College, 2:30 p.m.
Division III
Tuesday's semifinals
No. 1 Marin Catholic 7, No. 4 Sonoma Valley 0
No. 2 Moreau Catholic 11, .No. 6 Terra Linda 2
Saturday's final
No. 1 Marin Catholic (21-5) vs. No. 2 Moreau Catholic (14-10) at San Marin High, 7 p.m
Division IV
Tuesday's semifinal
No. 1 St. Joseph Notre Dame 11, No. 5 Cardinal Newman 1
Wednesday's semifinal
No. 2 Del Norte 4, No. 3 McKinleyville 3
Friday's final
No. 1 St. Joseph Notre Dame (21-2) vs. No. 2 Del Norte (22-4) at Saint Mary's College, 5 p.m.
Division V
Wednesday's semifinals
No. 1 Cloverdale 13, No. 4 Hoopa Valley 1
No. 2 St. Vincent de Paul 5, No. 3 Clear Lake 4
Saturday's final
No. 2 St. Vincent de Paul (12-7) at No. 1 Cloverdale (18-1), noon
Division VI
Related Articles NCS softball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS softball: Weekend scores, updated schedule
CCS softball: Gatorade bath a first for St. Francis coach
CCS softball: St. Francis gets another shot at Open title
CCS softball: Mitty to defend its Open Division title Tuesday's final
No. 4 South Fork 22, No. 2 Geyserville 5
Pehredaar Piya Ki has been in controversy ever since it was announced for unusual concept. The viewers are extremely upset as they feel the show's content is 'obnoxious and perverted' and create a negative impact in children.
They had started an online petition which was addressed to Union Cabinet Minister of Textiles and Information and Broadcasting (Additional Charge), Smriti Irani, demanding a ban on the show. It was even said that I&B ministry has taken the matters to the BCCC (Broadcasting content complaints council) seeking immediate action on the plea.
Pehredaar Piya Ki Makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal Initially, when Shashi Mittal was asked regarding the petition, she refused to comment. But, at the recently held press conference the makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal have finally broken their silence and clarified their stance. Regarding The Notice When asked if they received any notice from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Sakshi was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "No, we haven't received any notice from the authority." Don't Judge The Show Without Watching It! She added that if they get any notice, they are ready to give their explanation as they know that they haven't shown anything wrong in the story. Shashi requested people to not judge the show without watching it. Will The Makers Change The Plot If They Receive Any Notice From BCCC? Sumeet said, "No, we will rather request them to know the content before making any decision. So far, we have no plan to change the plot of the show." The makers feel that people are commenting on the show without watching it. Karan Wahi's Comment Karan Wahi commented against the show, and later deleted it as well. Regarding this Sumeet said, "I think it was irresponsible of him to say that." The Makers To Send A Letter To Karan Wahi … "I will ask my office to send a letter to Karan Wahi, requesting and asking him why he gave a statement like that. If he has something to say, he would also have a reason for it. And If I get an answer from him, I will definitely share it with the media." Regarding Honeymoon Scene In the press conference, the makers also clarified that they are not promoting the child marriage. Regarding honeymoon scene, the makers added that there is no such scene on the show.
They clarified that if they notice, it was Ratan's family who were making fun and insulting Diya for marrying Ratan who is half her age.
Ratan's family members are seen "intentionally creating uncomfortable situations for the couple by decorating a room for their 'suhag raat' and asking Ratan to go for a 'honeymoon'."
But on the show, there are no lovemaking scenes.
For the initiated, Pehredaar Piya Ki is set in the background of Royal Rajasthan. Tejaswi Prakash Wayangankar plays the role of 18-year-old Princess Diya, who marries nine-year-old groom Ratan Singh (played by Afaan Khan) in order to guard him!
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - The City of Toronto is helping to Break the Silence on child abuse and neglect by proclaiming October as Child Abuse Prevention Month. Ten Toronto agencies will come together to unveil the official proclamation and mark this significant milestone.
A former youth-in-care will also share his story about abuse and neglect to help demonstrate the importance of breaking the silence.
Guests include:
The Honourable Michael Coteau, Minister of Children and Youth Services;
Kristyn Wong-Tam, City Councillor for Ward 27;
The Honourable Peter MacKay; and
Representatives from Ontario Association of Children's Aid Societies, Boost Child & Youth Advocacy Centre, Catholic Children's Aid Society of Toronto, Children's Aid Society of Toronto, Hospital for Sick Children, Jewish Family and Child, Native Child and Family Services of Toronto, Toronto District School Board, Toronto Catholic District School Board and Toronto Police Service.
DATE:
Wednesday, October 11, 2017
TIME:
9 - 10 a.m.
LOCATION:
Native Child and Family Services of Toronto
30 College Street
Toronto, ON M5G 1K2
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/10/6/11G146303/Images/CAPM2017-Partner-Logos-0b2089a0335c979c9ba6ebca2722e1d3.jpg
President John Dramani Mahama on Sunday commended Ghanaians for co-operating with him and giving him the maximum support during his four-year term of office as the President of the land.
"In this season of love, sharing, goodwill and reflection, I am thankful for our time together and for what we have accomplished. Together we have sown and nurtured our nation's dreams of prosperity for all," he said.
This was in the President's 2017 New Year Message and copied to the Ghana News Agency in Accra.
President Mahama said as Ghana turns 60 this year, the most significant thing that would be remembered about the West African country would be her progress and development in democracy and socio-economic transformation.
"We recognise that Ghana's success is our collective success. And likewise, Ghana's failure is our failure," he said.
He said as Ghana chalked 60 years as a sovereign state there was the need for the leadership to move in the same level of other changes in the world to remain relevant in the international trends.
"We must recognise that we can forge ahead in this changing world only by consensual agreement on all the challenges we face, irrespective of our ethnic, religious, or partisan affiliation," he added.
President Mahama called for unity among all Ghanaians to ensure that the national agenda remained paramount adding “let's pray for the well being, longevity and prosperity of our nation.”
He wished the President-elect and his family a joyous new year of 2017.
The partners behind DXC Technology's evolving global strategy
DXC Technology has captured more than 250 technology solutions providers in its partner ecosystem.
Just months after its official launch, DXC Technology has captured more than 250 technology solutions providers in its partner ecosystem, amid efforts to put platforms at the centre of its new life as a top tier tech player.
The official launch and public listing of DXC Technology, the IT services company arising from the spin-merger of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (HPE) Enterprise Services (ES) business and Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), came on 3 April.
Now, as the integration of the two companies leads to some measure of consolidation within its operational footprint and office space globally - and locally - the individual partner ranks of the pre-merged companies are combining to form an increasingly hefty and far-reaching ecosystem.
Under its new brand, the company claims at least 16 global strategic partners, with whom it co-invests to engineer new offerings, sales and client delivery.
These strategic partners include Amazon Web Services (AWS), Dell EMC, Hitachi, VMware, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), HP Inc., IBM, Lenovo, Oracle, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), SAP, ServiceNow and, of course, Microsoft.
Meanwhile, the company also has a growing number of global and regional solution partners, including RedHat, Citrix, Symantec, Veritas, Riverbed, Trend Micro, Cisco, Check Point, Hortonworks, CrowdStrike and others.
In short, DXC Technology's solution partners are critical to the company's digital transformation capabilities.
These partners are aligned based on their specialised expertise, according to the company, and are aimed at helping it to deliver "innovative solutions that solve complex, critical client challenges driven by the increasing demands of the digital world".
"We lean-in together with our partners and treat them as part of DXC. We co-sell, co-solution, co-deliver," DXC Technology Australia and New Zealand (A/NZ) managing director, Seelan Nayagam, said.
"We offer our clients a vendor agnostic, 'best of breed' platform choice. Yet at the same time, irrespective of which platform our clients choose, we bring very deep, locally-based expertise to the table."
A/NZ partner landscape foundations
Prior to its emergence as DXC Technology, CSC acquired Australia's UXC - along with all of its associated businesses, such as UXC Eclipse, UXC Connect and UXC Red Rock. The acquisition helped to build out CSC's application platform capabilities further across SAP, Oracle and Microsoft.
Now, DXC Technology claims the acquisition, and the capabilities that came with it, positions the company to assist end clients on both sides of the Tasman across best of breed platforms, with an integrated "build, sell, deliver" capability aligned to a single partner technology.
Meanwhile, DXC Technology claims that its individual integrated practices maintain close relationships with their respective partners, and have attained the "highest levels" of certifications in the region for both reselling and services.
1 2 Next Page
Some Gibson Electric Membership Corporation customers will experience a planned outage beginning at 12 a.m. Friday. It is expected to last one hour.
The utility says the outage will allow workers to repair damage at its Hickman, Kentucky, substation that was caused by the March 9 tornado. The outage will affect 883 customers, including people in and around Hickman, Cayce, Brownsville, and the lower bottom area.
The company says it has tried to call everyone who will be affected by phone, but you can find updates on its Facebook page.
Golfer Louis Oosthuizen completed the Grand Slam on Sunday at the PGA Championship.
Actually, it was the Grand Slam of Finishing Second. By posting a T2 at Quail Hollow, he's now finished second at all four of golf's majors and won one at the 2010 British Open.
Oosthuizen took that “slam” in stride, posting a hilarious video of himself lip syncing to Andrea Day's Rise Up on a plane after the tournament ended.
Just finished my career grand slam second's .. "I'll rise up" pic.twitter.com/083aRityWn — Louis Oosthuizen (@Louis57TM) August 14, 2017
If there was a major for lip syncing, he'd win that one easily.
Trump pushes death penalty for opioid dealers
President Donald Trump has called for the death penalty for drug dealers as the US reels from a deadly opioid epidemic.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Please enjoy this video of a Southern California bear who busted into someone's garden, hopped in their jacuzzi, sipped on their margarita, then took a nap. This bear is living your best summer life, and you know it!
Mark Hough, the owner of the yard, caught it all on video when the bear interrupted his backyard hangout sesh with his wife. They ran inside so the bear could enjoy the hot tub and also they could continue to enjoy living.
Hough said the bear was "bobbling away having fun, playing with the chlorinator and the thermometer, and grabbing the string of the thermometer and throwing it up in the air."
After, the bear knocked over the margarita that Hough left outside and devoured it, and then climbed in a tree and took a nap. Seriously, there has never been a better living thing. Are we sure this bear isn't an actual celestial being? Because this is HEAVENLY.
Anyway, enjoy the footage above on loop and thank the goddesses for this perfect start to summer!
FILE - Texas A&M president Michael Young (right) laughs as new A&M athletic director Scott Woodward responds to a question during his introductory press conference in the Hall of Champions at Kyle Field in January 2016. (Dave McDermand/The Eagle)
During a phone interview with The News on Wednesday, Woodward said he isn't scheduled to be in Austin this weekend, but added "that could change." He laughed at a reporter's suggestion that he and Del Conte sneak off to Scholz Garten to talk football scheduling.
What are the chances of Texas A&M and Texas scheduling a renewal of one of college football's -- and certainly the state of Texas' -- the greatest rivalries? As everyone knows, the schools haven't met on a football field since Nov. 24, 2011.
SEC spring meetings began Tuesday in Destin, Fla. Big 12 meetings began today at Irving's Four Seasons Resort. This weekend, however, the Texas and Texas A&M baseball teams will be in the NCAA regional in Austin, which could put Woodward and Del Conte in the same place at the same time, which for the millionth time would stoke the question:
Texas A&M athletic director Scott Woodward and his University of Texas counterpart, Chris Del Conte, are busy guys.
"Chris and I go back and we know each other and we've had conversations about it," Woodward said. "But this thing is all about timing. And frankly my focus is on winning the SEC West and the SEC championship. So I have to focus more east in my geography.
"I'm pretty much a simpleton and I've got to look at it that way. And I've got more concerns about competing against LSU and Auburn and Alabama and Ole Miss and Mississippi State and Arkansas. And while the rivalry is great and it's important, there has to be some timing and scheduling issues that have to be met.
"And, you know, at the right time and at the right place, I think it will come to fruition."
So Woodward is saying there a chance, maybe even a good chance. But the obstacles preventing it from happening anytime soon are significant.
Just two weeks ago it was announced that Texas and Alabama would play home-and-home matchups in 2022 and 2023. That means Texas has at least one "power five" nonconference football opponent scheduled every season through 2027, with the likes of USC ('18), LSU ('19, '20), Arkansas ('21), Michigan ('24, '27) Ohio State ('25, '26) now joined by Alabama.
Similarly, Texas A&M's nonconference schedule is robust through 2025, with Clemson ('18, '19), Colorado ('20, '21), Miami ('22, '23) and Notre Dame ('24, '25) making the mere thought of wedging in Texas daunting.
The dynamics -- namely leadership -- at Texas and Texas A&M have significantly changed, however, since A&M's 2012 bolt from the Big 12 to the SEC caused a cold war in a 118-game football rivalry that dates to 1894.
Texas and Texas A&M now are two athletic directors removed from DeLoss Dodds and Bill Byrne.
Tom Herman was hired as Texas' football coach 18 months ago. Then, during a five-day span last December, Woodward hired Jimbo Fisher as football coach and Del Conte was hired away from TCU as Texas' athletic director.
During a recent interview with The News in College Station, Fisher was asked about the Texas rivalry. If not on the field anytime soon, he certainly already is and will be competing against Herman for recruits.
Fisher is no stranger to in-state rivalries. During his eight seasons as Florida State's head coach, the Seminoles went 7-1 against Miami and 7-1 against Florida.
"We're more like Florida-Florida State," Fisher said of the A&M-Texas rivalry. "That rivalry goes way back.
This story is about
FILE - In this Oct. 28, 2017, file photo, Texas head coach Tom Herman, left, runs on the field with wide receiver John Burt, right, before an NCAA college football game with Baylor in Waco, Texas. Texas can become bowl eligible for the first time since 2014 when it plays at No. 24 West Virginia on Saturday. (AP Photo/Rod Aydelotte, File)
Texas has addressed a big position of need on the recruiting trail.
The Longhorns picked up a commitment from four-star Salt Lake City East (UT) offensive lineman Junior Angilau on Monday night, per a report from 247Sports.
Angilau committed to Texas over offers from Alabama, Oregon, USC, Utah, Washington and a number of other major programs.
At 6-foot-6, 297 pounds, Angilau is ranked as the No. 11 offensive tackle in the country and No. 3 overall prospect in the state of Utah, per 247Sports Composite.
Texas now has 19 commits in its 2018 class.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. - A five-day operation in which law enforcement personnel impersonated children in chat rooms netted 17 arrests of men who thought they were meeting a juvenile for sex, but instead went to the jail, according to the St. Johns County Sheriff's Office.
Josh Wale. Photo courtesy of Sky Sports Boxing
Josh Wale retained his British bantamweight title for a second time by posting a ninth-round stoppage of Bobby Jenkinson at the Ponds Forge Arena in Sheffield, England, on Friday. The official time was 1:36.
Wale (26-9-2, 13 knockouts) decked Jenkinson with a sharp right hand in the ninth and the fight was essentially over at that point. The challenger gamely got to his feet, but a series of combinations from Wale forced referee Michael Alexander to call a halt to the action.
Jenkinson started brightly but Wale's superior experience began to tell before the midway point. The defending champion was busier and more accurate, while Jenkinson's work rate began to drop as the pressure mounted.
Wale cut Jenkinson (11-4-1, 2 KOs) with a right hand early in the seventh and dished out plenty of punishment for the remainder of the session. The eighth round was worse and the referee looked close to stopping the fight. The writing was on the wall and the finish was almost expected.
If Wale makes one more successful defense, then he keeps the famed Lonsdale belt outright.
Undercard
Brad Watson hadn't had a fight for over a year and he hadn't won a fight in over three years. However, the Guernsey man found a way to get the better of Loua Nassa, stopping the unbeaten prospect in the 10th and final round to capture the vacant English junior bantamweight title. The official time was 1:11.
Nassa was the sharper fighter through five rounds, but a big right-hand knockdown in the sixth was the turning point. Watson (11-2, 5 KOs) punished his man again in the seventh, however he failed to close the show on this occasion. Nassa recovered well and arguably claimed the next two sessions.
However, another flush right hand rocked Nassa (10-1) into the ropes in the 10th and it was correctly ruled a knockdown. This time Watson followed up fiercely and a big combination at mid-ring sent Nassa face-first to the canvas. Referee Shaun Messer wisely halted the bout with Nassa on his feet.
The show was promoted by Dennis Hobson and aired on free TV by FreeView (Sky Channel 424)
Tom Gray is Associate Editor for THE RING. Follow him on Twitter: @Tom_Gray_Boxing
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are a happily married couple now! They tied the knot in an extravagant countryside 5-star-facility in Tuscany, Italy. Also, the former US President Barack Obama holidayed at the same resort along with his wife Michelle Obama in May 2017 and seven months later Anushka and Virat officially became a couple at the same venue.
The countryside resort 'Borgo Finocchieto' is owned by John Phillips, a former US ambassador to Rome appointed by the Obama administration. The former President arrived in a military jet escorted by the Italian air force and security was beefed up all throughout the village and human movement in and around the resort was banned. Even Virat and Anushka enjoyed the same amount of security at their wedding at the Borgo Finocchieto.
The common names of things bedevil us all. How about the New York egg cream, a refreshing mix of milk, fizzy water and chocolate or vanilla syrup? With no egg and no cream, the only truth to its name is the New York part.
Mustard spinach, a tasty Asian green, is neither a mustard nor a spinach. Safer to stick to its proper Japanese name, which is komatsuna.
So it was with some trepidation that I sowed something called Mexican mint marigold this year. It's the new kid on the herb block, a fact you'd know only by looking it up under several names mentioned in seed catalogs. These include sweet mace, Spanish tarragon, Texas tarragon, winter tarragon, cloud plant, yerba anis, coronilla and pericón.
I sowed the seeds indoors in April, lured by descriptions of the plant's appearance — up to 3 feet tall, with long, strong unbranched stems topped by small, bright-yellow flowers. They sounded like good flowers for cutting, and would be a great contrast with the blue-and-purple color scheme set by all the mint relatives I grow in my herb patch: lavender, salvia, oregano, anise hyssop and thyme.
I was also intrigued by descriptions of its leaves' flavor. The plant's main claim to fame is its use as a tarragon substitute.
Regular French tarragon (which is in the genus Artemisia) is a magnificent herb, its licorice or anise-like notes tempered by a unique grassiness that's not like anything else. Cold-climate gardeners sometimes lose it to winter cold, and those with very hot summers can't grow it at all.
Furthermore, the real thing doesn't grow true to seed, only from cuttings or divisions. Any tarragon seed sold is likely to be the Russian kind. That grows fine, anywhere, but does it taste like tarragon? Nyet.
The botanical name of my new herb is Tagetes lucida, and the genus Tagetes includes the popular garden marigolds, so I looked for indented, marigold-looking foliage when my seeds germinated. But no, they had slender leaves that were more tarragon-like in shape. That's not unusual, since the leaves of different species in a genus can vary in shape.
It's also common for plants that are not closely related to share some of the essential oils that give herbs their flavors and scents.
Good germination was followed by sturdy growth, and I decided to plant everything I had sown in a circle around an urn in the middle of the herb garden. As I watched my new crop mature, I was in for more surprises, though. To my delight, the plants were not the leggy sort described in nearly everything I had read about them, but compact, with branching stems. I'd feared that they would overwhelm the space, but they looked just right there.
The flowers were just like all the ones I'd seen in pictures — five-petaled, brilliant gold and about the size of a dime. Also, they started blooming early in July, not in “fall,” as I had consistently read. Even better!
Either there is more than one strain of this plant (the seeds of which I'd purchased from Johnny's Selected Seeds) or there's something about my particular garden that favored bushy growth and early bloom. Next year I might site some of it in a different location just out of curiosity, or order from an additional source. Then again, it might self-sow, as it is purported to do. But who knows?
When I initially tasted the leaves, they seemed quite strong and more minty than tarragony, but after trying them out in the kitchen I admitted that they really did make a good stand-in for tarragon. Leaves chopped and added to a salad did lend some tarragon notes — and in cooked dishes too.
I tried them at breakfast, mixed into a creamy sauce for poached eggs on English muffins. They also enhanced squash blossoms stuffed with cheese.
Next I added them to a Colombian-style stew I make with chicken, chicken broth, potatoes, corn, avocado, hot pepper and a blob of sour cream. That was great too. But one needs to add the herb at the end of cooking. Heat brings out its flavor, but too much heat diminishes it.
The petals, like those of any marigold, make a sunny and good-tasting garnish when sprinkled over food. Sprinkling on top is the way to go, as stirring any flower into a liquid or an oil dressing will make it shrivel.
I'm delighted with the sight of this golden ring around at the center of my garden, just outside my kitchen window. A prolonged dry spell has done nothing to dim its glory, and I'd recommend it to any gardener, wherever they live, and whatever they choose to call this excellent plant.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's time to take a trip to the coast again folks.
Broadchurch - the smash hit ITV series - is back for a third season this year.
The channel has already started teasing fans with sneak peeks and trailers ahead of the air date.
One of the telly hits of 2013 - averaging seven million viewers per episode -the show features the cream of the British acting industry.
David Tennant, Olivia Colman, Jodie Whittaker, David Bradley, Arthur Darvill and Pauline Quirke have all thrilled us since the first episode.
But what can we expect from series three?
When is Broadcurch series 3 going to be on TV?
There is currently no exact confirmed air date for Broadchurch series three, unfortunately.
However, you can expect it to broadcast in February on ITV.
Which characters are returning?
The last time we saw DI Alec Hardy, played by David Tennant , 45, he was suffering with a heart complaint.
Now he seems to have recovered well enough to join forces again with DS Ellie Miller, played by Olivia Colman, 42, to investigate the horrifying attack in the seaside town that was rocked by Danny Latimer's death in the first series.
Many of the other Broadchurch favourites will be back.
This includes vicar Paul Coates, newspaper editor Maggie Radcliffe and Danny's parents Beth and Mark Latimer.
There are also rumours that Matthew Gravelle, 40, who plays let-off murderer Joe Miller, will put in an appearance.
Boo! Hiss!
Any new characters?
Corrie fave Julie Hesmondhalgh , 46, will play traumatised rape victim Trish.
The Fast Show's Charlie Higson, 58, will feature as her husband.
Brummie comic Lenny Henry, 58, plays Ed Burnett, the boss of the farm shop where she works.
Meanwhile, Merlin's Sarah Parish, 48, is her best friend Cath.
And Home Fires' Mark Bazeley, 46, plays Cath's husband.
What can we expect?
The series promises to bring closure for some key characters.
Ellie, who has rebuilt her life since Joe was run out of town, is now trying to cope with her dad, played by Roy Hudd, 80.
Writer Chris Chibnall, who has announced that the third series will be the last, says: “I hope it's a compelling and emotional farewell.”
Olivia Colman reckons fans won't be disappointed.
She says: “Chris is brilliant and has come up with another beautiful story.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing (at)nytimes & (at)washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before he resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: `Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, `We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
No matter what the trends are, every bride more or less attempts to fulfil the age-old rhyme of 'something old, something blue, something borrowed and something new'.
Guides spoke to Kanan Naheta, owner of Gehna Jewellery Boutique to understand what brides should look for, the current trends in the bridal jewellery industry and why buying your jewellery from the UAE might be the best thing to do.
1. Ethnic Vs. Modern
If you don't want to break tradition, bend it. Jewellers and brides around the world now try to incorporate the old and the new into bespoke custom-made designs for their special day.
2. Vibrant colours with precious stones
White no longer dominates bridal jewellery with people choosing a pop of colour. The jewellery is worn to complement the colours of the wedding which include soft pastel shades of blue, rose, peach and lavender. Brides now look for pearls and exotic color stones to add colour to their wedding ensemble.
Going with the above tip, Kanan says, “Some examples are Tsavorites, opals, multi-sapphires and multi-tourmalines, which while being cost-effective also bring great colours and an element of style into the wedding ensemble”.
3. Design it all
Kanan talks more about bridal jewellery styling: “We receive a lot of customers in our boutique who want to have their jewels personalised. We help them coordinate and select the precious stones, and advise them what works best. We put together the entire jewellery ensemble for the bride from scratch. This whole process ensures a unique touch to the bride's ensemble and reveals her unique personality".
Kanan further adds, “People do get inspired by the whole celebrity and red carpet culture, especially younger people. We look at ourselves as ‘mini celebrities' and shop to recreate a similar look and mood".
4. Shades of gold
Though white gold has forever been the norm, especially for engagement rings with diamonds, trends for the year point towards growing demand for yellow gold. Bold yellow gold can make lower grade diamonds look less bright, but international jewellers say this is fast remedied using platinum settings and plain, polished gold.
"We've seen a lot of customers experiment with gold colors, precious colour stones, different cuts in diamonds and coloured diamonds like brown, yellow or pink along with the conventional brilliant cut white diamonds as well", Kanan says.
5. Statement Pieces
The new trend is to go for a statement piece which is the highlight of the outfit. It could be a tiara or any other hair accessory, rings, asymmetrical neck pieces and cuffs which have bold designs, which brings the look together.
6. What first; dress or jewellery
Speaking from her fashion industry background, Kanan says, “I always advise my clients to choose their jewellery before buying the final outfit.”
Here's how to choose the perfect wedding gown for your body type
While it is imperative to have an idea of what you will wear along with options at hand, choosing jewellery can inspire you to add or reduce embellishments from your wedding outfit which you probably will never wear again. Your jewels are an investment for the future as well.
7. Why buy from the UAE
The standards and legal requirements imposed on retailers based in the UAE ensure that only the best products and services are given to the customers. The international consumer base also ensures a wider range of designs and styles which reflect the variety in buyers. Be sure to check gold, diamond and precious stones based on their jewel certificates and guarantee certificates before purchase.
is on the verge of receiving a verdict for his sexual assault trial . As jurors are deliberating over whether Cosby committed aggravated indecent assault against former Temple University employee,, The Cosby Show has slowly come back to television. Reruns started surfacing again on Bounce TV in December and on TV One May 24.
One TV One episode that aired on Friday is causing some controversy. In the “Rudy's Sick” episode, Cosby crushes some Aspirin pills and puts them in little Rudy's juice for her to drink. After more than 40 women have accused Cosby of drugging and raping them, some people can't seem to disconnect the show from the real life Cosby who stands to be judged.
Despite people's feelings on the episode airing, at least get the name of the characters right. One publication, the New York Daily News, published their disapproval of the episode being aired, but instead of calling it “Rudy's Sick,” they called it “Toby's Sick.” I mean, did you even watch the show in the first place? How do you get Toby from Rudy? A major slip up for the site, they eventually changed the title to the correct name.
The New York Daily News calls Rudy "Toby" and says the episode of Cosby crushing and mixing aspirin in her orange juice left a bad taste. A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Jun 13, 2017 at 5:32am PDT
The actress who started playing Rudy around age five, Keshia Knight Pulliam, continues to support Cosby during his trial, even showing up with him on his first day at court. “Yes, I have supported Mr. Cosby because I've said from day one you're innocent until proven guilty,” she said.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - A Miami-Dade Police officer and another person were taken to the hospital after, officials said, they were involved in a three-car crash in Southwest Miami-Dade, Tuesday night.
The crash happened near Southwest 137th Avenue and 56th Street.
The officer and one other person were taken to the hospital. Both are expected to be OK.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A London Underground poster featuring Khloe Kardashian in a leotard has sparked a fresh row over body-shaming.
Critics are calling on Sadiq Khan to ban the ad, which has been displayed in some Tube stations in the capital city.
The advert, featuring the Kardashian family member in skimpy clothing, comes just months after Transport for London tightened its rules on advertising.
The advert, for Protein World, has sparked criticism from members of the public.
Some suggest it could cause confidence issues among young women.
The same company came under fire for its “Are you beach body ready?” poster which provoked a huge backlash when it appeared two years ago.
Mr Khan had previously announced last summer that adverts which put London commuters under pressure to conform to an unhealthy or unrealistic body image were to be banned from the transport network.
The father of two teenage daughters set up an advertising steering group to help decide if adverts were appropriate for display.
TfL said the advert featuring reality TV star Ms Kardashian would not be covered by the ban, which does not include all images of people in their underwear or swimming gear, the Evening Standard reports.
The Protein World featuring the reality star centres around the company's 30-day weight-loss challenge.
It claims to be for women who want to feel “more confident and comfortable” in their own skin or “show their ex what he's missing”.
(Photo: PA)
But Green Assembly member Caroline Russell, who received complaints from constituents about the advert, said: “People taking the Tube should not have to be bombarded with adverts that imply their bodies aren't good enough.
“Young people receive this negative message from enough social media channels and it's appalling that this is being reinforced on Tube platforms, against the Mayor's own policy, when people are taking trips to school, to work, or going out to socialise.
“I am urging the Mayor to look again at these adverts that challenge young people to ‘keep up' with reality stars known for idealised and unrealistic body shapes.
"He needs to enforce his own guidelines and live up to his manifesto promise to Londoners.
“Every body is a good body and TfL should be promoting inclusion and making their stations welcoming spaces.
"Allowing these adverts risks making people lose confidence in themselves.”
However, a spokesman for the Mayor said: “This advert was closely reviewed and deemed to comply with the new TfL advertising policy that bans adverts that could pressurise people to conform to unhealthy or unrealistic body images.”
Many locals say they were not surprised to hear of the shooting that took place at a GOP baseball practice in Virginia early Wednesday. At least six people have been injured including GOP House Whip Steve Scalise, who remains in critical condition after being shot in the hip.
"The shooting is an everyday event anymore. These people have voters and people who vote against them and I think it's a natural consequence," said Town of Chenango resident, Anthony Sklanka.
Residents are also saying this should be a wake-up call.
"We're a very split country and it's about time we get the democrats to get off their fanny's and get moving and support Donald Trump and also some of the republicans," said Bainbridge resident, Kurt Stietz.
Other's say the media is to blame for the divide of people in the country.
"The country is divided by the news media. They're always giving out kinds of false information and spreading rumors about things that aren't true."
However, all agreed that it was a senseless act of violence.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new method for identifying the gene networks plants use to create anti-predator chemicals could lead to more effective drugs, a new study suggests.
Plants create hundreds of thousands of small molecules (also called specialized or secondary metabolites)—including chemicals like cocaine, nicotine, and capsaicin—to use as “chemical ammunition” to protect themselves from predation.
Unfortunately, the difficulty of identifying the networks of genes that plants use to make these biologically active compounds, which are the source of many of the drugs that people use and abuse daily, has hindered efforts to tap this vast pharmacopeia to produce new and improved therapeutics.
Now, geneticists think they have come up with an effective and powerful new way for identifying these elusive gene networks, which typically consist of a handful to dozens of different genes.
“Plants synthesize massive numbers of bioproducts that are of benefit to society. This team has revolutionized the potential to uncover these natural bioproducts and understand how they are synthesized,” says Anne Sylvester, program director in the National Science Foundation's Biological Sciences Directorate, which funded the research.
The revolutionary new approach is based on the well-established observation that plants produce these compounds in response to specific environmental conditions.
“We hypothesized that the genes within a network that work together to make a specific compound would all respond similarly to the same environmental conditions,” explains Jennifer Wisecaver, a postdoctoral fellow at Vanderbilt University who conducted the study.
To test this hypothesis, Wisecaver—working with professor of biological sciences Antonis Rokas and undergraduate researcher Alexander Borowsky—turned to Vanderbilt's in-house supercomputer at the Advanced Computing Center for Research & Education in order to crunch data from more than 22,000 gene expression studies performed on eight different model plant species.
“These studies use advanced genomic technologies that can detect all the genes that plants turn on or off under specific conditions, such as high salinity, drought, or the presence of a specific predator or pathogen,” says Wisecaver.
But identifying the networks of genes responsible for producing these small molecules from thousands of experiments measuring the activity of thousands of genes is no trivial matter. That's where the scientists stepped in; they devised a powerful algorithm capable of identifying the networks of genes that show the same behavior (for example, all turning on) across these expression studies.
The result of all this number crunching—described in a paper in The Plant Cell—was the identification of dozens, possibly even hundreds, of gene pathways that produce small metabolites, including several that previous experiments had identified.
Vered Tzin from Ben-Gurion University's Jacoob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research in Israel and Georg Jander from Cornell University's Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research in Ithaca, New York, helped verify the predictions the analysis made in corn, and Daniel Kliebenstein from the plant sciences department at the University of California, Davis helped verify the predictions in the model plant system Arabidopsis.
The results of their analysis go against the prevailing theory that the genes that make up these pathways are clustered together on the plant genome.
“This idea comes from the observation in fungi and bacteria that the genes that make up these specialized metabolite pathways are clustered together,” says Rokas. “In plants, however, these genes appear to be mostly scattered across the genome. Consequently, the strategies for discovering plant gene pathways will need to be different from those developed in the other organisms.”
The researchers argue that the results of their study show that this approach “is a novel, rich, and largely untapped means for high-throughput discovery of the genetic basis and architecture of plant natural products.”
If that proves to be true, then it could help open the tap on new plant-based therapeutics for treating a broad range of conditions and diseases.
Funding came from a National Science Foundation National Plant Genome Initiative Postdoctoral Research Fellowship to Wisecaver, as well as by National Science Foundation grants to Rokas and Jander.
Source: Vanderbilt University
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Intro
Sheffield United FC vs Bradford City
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
One on the daily modes of transport is the railways system in India. If it is stopped or is late, then a whole schedule is disrupted.
On Tuesday morning, the local train services on the central railway line came to a halt on Tuesday due to students' agitation between Matunga and Dadar, Mumbai. The protesters stopped local train services between Matunga and CSMT (Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus) of the Central Line.
READ ALSO: Indian Railways Recruitment : 27,000 Vacancies , Apply Now
The students are reportedly protesting over jobs in railways. The protesters have alleged that they have cleared all examination but did not get job. Police has also reached the spot. Further details are awaited.
Here is the official tweet by the Railways:
Due to some agitation between Matunga and Dadar, rail traffic affected between Matunga and CSMT… — Central Railway (@Central_Railway) March 20, 2018
Don't have a hot date for tonight?
Facing a night in alone with a ready meal as couples everywhere are enjoying candle-lit dinners?
Every cloud, and all that.
These 7 grisly Valentine's Day murders will make you glad to be single on the most romantic day of the year.
Katt Williams Great America Tour
DAR Constitution Hall. April 21st And 22nd.
Tickets now available at http://bit.ly/GreatKatt
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
SNK is celebrating its 40th birthday with a triumphant return to the golden age of arcade games -- with a modern twist. On November 13, the creator is launching a bevy of retro games for Nintendo Switch, including Alpha Mission, Ikari Warriors, Athena, Guerrilla War and Vanguard, among others. There's more to be announced, too, although the titles already confirmed can be pre-ordered now as part of the Switch-exclusive pack.
Is Husband Richard a step grandpa to these two? Technically, yes. But that's certainly not how they see him, and to him, they are beloved granddaughters. No step involved. Caitlyn, left, and Alyssa are seen with Richard in a photo taken May 26. Kathe Tanner ktanner@thetribunenews.com
Villanova's unbeaten start now includes a No. 1 ranking in the AP Top 25 , while Arizona State is making a rapid rise into the top 10 under third-year coach Bobby Hurley.
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No. 1 Duke and No. 2 Kansas lost, the Wildcats (10-0) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top for the third straight season.
Villanova and Michigan State were the favorites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils' weekend loss at Boston College, though there was far less certainty for voters about who was now the nation's top team. The Spartans (9-1) earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second, while the other five first-place votes went to the Sun Devils — who leapt 11 spots to No. 5 after Sunday's win at Kansas.
Arizona State (9-0) is off to its best start since the 1974-75 season. Now the Sun Devils — who also have a win against Xavier this season — have their highest ranking since reaching third during the 1980-81 season.
Wichita State climbed three spots to No. 3, followed by Duke and Arizona State. Unbeaten Miami climbed four spots to No. 6, followed by North Carolina, Kentucky, Texas A&M and Xavier to round out the top 10.
Villanova helped itself with an impressive win against No. 12 Gonzaga last week in New York, though the Wildcats had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5.
“It's always an honor to be ranked No. 1,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said in a statement. “It's great for the Nova Nation and we appreciate the respect of the writers. We know it's early, though, and we need to get a lot better.”
KANSAS' FALL
The Jayhawks (7-2) slid 11 spots to No. 13 after two losses last week, the first coming against Washington in Kansas City, Missouri, before losing to the Sun Devils in Allen Fieldhouse.
SHUFFLE UP
Only two teams — No. 8 Kentucky and No. 12 Gonzaga — stayed in the same spot. Thirteen teams rose in the poll, while four of the seven teams that fell slid at least eight spots.
TOP RISERS
Arizona State's leap was the biggest, though No. 11 West Virginia (9-1) moved up seven spots after beating then-No. 15 Virginia. No. 14 TCU (10-0) climbed six spots after a win against a then-ranked Nevada team.
Miami, UNC, No. 15 Seton Hall, No. 17 Purdue and No. 20 Tennessee all climbed four spots.
LONGEST SLIDES
While Kansas' losses stood out, No. 22 Florida had the biggest fall of the week.
The Gators (6-3) slid 17 spots after home losses to Florida State and to Loyola Chicago — a game in which they led for all of 93 seconds. Florida salvaged a win against Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark, New Jersey, to avoid a four-game skid.
No. 18 Notre Dame (8-2) fell nine spots after an upset loss to Ball State, while the No. 25 Bearcats (7-2) slid eight spots.
NEWCOMERS
There were three newcomers to this week's poll, though one is more of a welcome back.
The list included No. 19 Florida State (9-0) and No. 24 Texas Tech (7-1), while Arizona returned to the rankings at No. 23.
Arizona's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No. 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week. But four straight wins have the preseason Final Four favorite back in the poll.
SLIDING OUT
Minnesota (No. 14 last week), Nevada (No. 22) and Southern California (No. 25) all fell out of the poll.
1. Villanova (41 first-place votes)
2. Michigan State (19)
3. Wichita State
4. Duke
5. Arizona State (5)
6. Miami
7. North Carolina
8. Kentucky
9. Texas A&M
10. Xavier
11. West Virginia
12. Gonzaga
13. Kansas
14. TCU
15. Seton Hall
16. Virginia
17. Purdue
18. Notre Dame
19. Florida State
20. Tennessee
21. Baylor
22. Florida
23. Arizona
24. Texas Tech
25. Cincinnati
Anna Newell Jones considers herself a “born spender” whose desire for the latest fashions and gadgets landed her in debt.
When she got married in May 2009, she had a big secret — she owed nearly $24,000 in credit card debt, student loans and money that her parents borrowed for her. She was living paycheck to paycheck and felt like she had hit a bottom financially. So she shared with her husband, Aaron, a plan to cut her expenses to the bone, pay off debt and become a financial adult. And she decided to blog about her efforts to keep herself motivated and accountable.
First up was making a list of wants and needs customized to herself. Do-it-yourself hair color in a box made the “needs” list, but salon services did not. Then she did what she calls a reverse budget — she analyzed the previous three months' spending to see where her money was going so she could determine what could be cut.
Also read: This woman paid off $20,000 in debt and started by making an extra payment of $20
Newell Jones declared a “spending fast” in 2010: spending the bare minimum and only on necessities. The Denver resident found it freed up time previously spent shopping, returning items and worrying about the financial hole she was digging. That extra time helped her figure out how to increase her income, including photographing weddings on weekends, writing a book and creating her website at andthenwesaved.com.
What was your total debt when you started? What is your debt today?
At the tail end of 2009, I [had] $23,605.10 in debt, and I managed to eliminate all of it in only 15 months! I have a mortgage now. Apart from that, I've been able to remain completely debt-free.
How did you end up in debt?
I'm a natural spender. I like new things. I used to live for finding that perfect shirt or decoration for my house.…Even though I owed money to others (like my parents for school), I was always able to find money when I wanted something. I was completely overwhelmed by my debt and thought I'd die with it, so in a lot of ways I decided, “Ah, screw it! Might as well at least enjoy myself!” Basically, I spent money I didn't have on things I didn't really need. I was reckless.
What triggered your decision to get out of debt?
I wanted my financial life to be about more than just covering my minimum balance each month or not bouncing a check. I got to the point where I was tired of feeling like crap about myself and the situation I had created for myself. I had, in a lot of ways, hit my “financial bottom.” I was desperate enough to make sacrifices and do whatever I had to get out of debt.
What steps did you take to reduce your debt?
I made some very serious lifestyle choices…meaning I only spent money on necessities (rent, basic food, etc.) and nothing extra. I started my blog as a way to hold myself accountable. I thought that maybe if I went public about my debt and about how much it weighed on me, I'd be more likely to not immediately ditch the entire idea once things got difficult.
How has your life changed for the better since you got out of debt?
Oh man, it's so much better! Life without debt, shame, worry and anxiety centered around money is so freeing. Before, I was stressed and worried all the time, and it showed. Now I own several businesses, have money to save for my family's future, and have the freedom to spend more time with my husband and son.
How do you remain debt-free today?
I'm very mindful of my money and my spending. I regularly do reverse budgets [to watch for overspending issues that could crop up]. I also run a Spending Fast Bootcamp and connect with members of the boot camp each week in Facebook Live videos. Helping them helps me stay aware and present, rather than mindlessly slipping back into my old “spender” ways.
Don't miss: These 3 people paid off debt and changed their lives
How to tackle your own debt
Jones, who says her blog kept her accountable, wishes she had known about other people who were also battling debt and also felt ashamed and isolated. She created just such a community on her website. Support and accountability can help, she says.
Analyze your current spending, to see where money has been going and pinpoint expenses that can be reduced or eliminated
Identify your own wants and needs. Needs are nonnegotiable, while wants can wait. But every person's list will vary.
Save for an emergency fund. When you are trying to repay debt, watching balances go up can be discouraging. But emergencies will happen. Be prepared with money designated for just such occasions. An amount as low as $500 in reserve can insulate you from an unexpected expense and running your credit cards back up.
More from NerdWallet:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. -- A state senator wants to change Missouri's mandatory reporting requirements for nursing homes.
As Fox 4 reported, Missouri law only requires suspected abuse and neglect cases be reported to the Department of Senior Services.
But under the measure prefiled by Missouri Sen. Wayne Wallingford, law enforcement would also have to be contacted in sexual assault cases.
Supporters, including a Mid-Missouri woman who's relative's rape went unreported to police, said cases can fall through the cracks.
Read the full Fox 4 nursing home investigation here.
This isn't the first year state lawmakers have seen this proposal, but Wallingford believes his measure will have bipartisan support. He's already got one senator's.
"I am grateful that Sen. Wallingford is sponsoring this important bill, and I look forward to helping him get it to the governor's desk for signature during the upcoming legislative session," Senate Majority Floor Leader Mike Kehoe said.
Previous coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Endicott Performing Arts Center wrapped up its fourth and final performance of The Nutcracker on Sunday afternoon.
Members of community dance groups from the Greater Binghamton area teamed up with EPAC for the annual holiday tradition. The show was Directed by Patrick Foti (1st Act) and Danielle Meissner (2nd Act). Around 60 dancers were involved and choreographed by instructors at The Fuse dance studio, which is located in Binghamton.
The theater's next show will be The Rock Project, which will run from February 9-11.
Image caption The row of houses stands on a hillside in the Swansea Valley
Residents in a street at "high risk" of landslips have been reminded they could be putting themselves in danger if they do not evacuate their homes.
A series of landslips on a hillside behind Ystalyfera prompted Neath Port Talbot council to order homeowners to leave their properties last week.
But some residents have said they were not prepared to leave.
Engineers fear another landslip at the rear of Cyfyng Road could cause 10 houses, numbers 81 to 96, to collapse.
"We are of the opinion that there is a high risk of further landslips and a risk to the occupiers if they remain in these properties," a council spokesman said.
Image caption The first landslip happened in December 2012
"The decision to ask people to leave their homes at such short notice has not been taken lightly.
"But this is the only course of action available to the council to keep people safe."
In 2012, thousands of tonnes of rock, soil and trees slipped down the hillside behind the houses.
There have been two further landslides this year.
Council bosses have said there is no immediate solution to the issue.
Image caption Paul Harris said he would not leave his home because he could not take his dogs with him
"The safety of residents is our top priority and our immediate concern is for the safety of residents in the properties directly affected by two recent landslips," added the spokesman.
Officers are in contact with residents and have set up a dedicated telephone line so people "can continue to receive ongoing support".
The wider area is being assessed and monitored and the results will be known "in due course".
SAN MATEO — A 60-year-old San Mateo man convicted of running an international prostitution ring out of apartments throughout the Bay Area has been sentenced to nearly four years in prison and ordered to forfeit more than $5.2 million, authorities said.
Related Articles Alleged members of Salvatrucha Locos 13 nabbed in Santa Cruz and Daly City
South San Francisco: Hit and run leaves 70-year-old woman in critical condition
Mountain View police: Customer hit with carburetor cover during disturbance
San Mateo County: Redwood City man dies from injuries in head-on crash
Stanford: Woman throws hot coffee to stop purse snatcher The punishment doled out Tuesday by U.S. District Court Judge Richard G. Seeborg follows Allen Fong's guilty plea on July 5, 2016, to 32 counts listed in a wide-ranging indictment filed more than two years ago.
Fong admitted that he was involved in the day-to-day operations of a racketeering enterprise that recruited women from overseas to work in brothels in Bay Area cities including Cupertino, Foster City, San Bruno, San Mateo and Santa Clara, authorities said.
According to court papers, Fong's activities included renting apartments for use as brothels, booking appointments and transferring thousands of dollars from the United States to Singapore.
Fong also set prices for sexual services and collected a cut of the prostitute's earnings, according to court papers.
Fong is scheduled to self-surrender to the Federal Bureau of Prisons to begin serving his 46-month sentence on April 18, authorities said. In addition, he must forfeit more than $5.2 million generated by the prostitution ring between August 2006 and July 2014.
By Stephen Iervolino
iStock/ThinkStock
(DENVER) — In a Denver court Monday, former deejay David Mueller's attorney insisted there's no way he could've groped Taylor Swift, while the singer silently insisted he did just that.
Mueller is suing Taylor Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and Taylor's manager for allegedly getting him fired after Taylor accused him of grabbing her butt during a 2013 backstage meet-and-greet, which he denies he did. He was suing Taylor for the same reason, but the judge threw out that part of the case Friday. Taylor's counter-suing for assault and battery.
During attorney Gabe McFarland's closing arguments, he insisted Mueller wouldn't have jeopardized his “dream job” at a Denver station by touching the butt of someone as famous as Taylor, noting “That's not the kind of guy who grabs a superstar out of the blue.”
McFarland also said that in the photo of Taylor, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend that shows the alleged groping, there's no way Mueller is reaching under Taylor's skirt. But in the courtroom, Taylor silently mouthed, “Yes, he is.” Taylor also repeatedly rolled her eyes and sighed during McFarland's statements.
McFarland referenced Taylor's face in the photo, saying, “Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who just had a strange man grab their butt?” He also said that the photographer who took the picture couldn't have seen anything, but is saying she did because she worked for Taylor.
In addition, McFarland claimed Taylor's bodyguard took no action during the alleged incident because he didn't see anything amiss. Taylor shook her head “no” at that assertion.
McFarland said the jury should award Mueller $250,000 in damages, even though the judge ruled last week that he cannot receive damages for future earnings, only for the remainder of his contract at the time he was fired.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
Protesters demonstrate in front of a courthouse during a hearing for rapper Meek Mill, Monday April 16, 2018 in Philadelphia. The city's district attorney says Mill's convictions should be vacated and he should have a new trial. The announcement came during a hearing on Monday, but a judge is still refusing to release Mill on bail. Philadelphia-born Mill was sentenced in November 2017 to two to four years in prison for violating probation on a roughly decade-old gun and drug case. Jacqueline Larma AP Photo
No fewer than 1,119 delegates of the Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) will take part in the party's primary election to produce its gubernatorial candidate for the Nov.18 election in Anambra.
Chairman of the party, Dr Victor Oye, made this known at a news conference in Awka on Monday and said that the primaries would hold on Tuesday in Awka.
Oye said the delegates were made up of 150 statutory and 969 elected from the 326 wards in the state.
He said that the election would be in the mode of ‘yes or no' as only Gov. Willie Obiano purchased the form and met all the criteria.
He said that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the Police and other agencies had been informed and would be part of the process.
Oye said that there was no controversy over the leadership of the party as he remained the authentic chairman with the full legitimacy to produce APGA's candidate for the election.
He blamed the media for fanning the embers of discord in the party, charging them to stick to the ethics of the profession by observing the principles.
“I have never been embattled; my seat has never been vacant or in contention.
“This matter would have been over long ago if the media played their role nobly,” he said.
NAN
Kuskokwim Bay villages were battered by an autumn storm that intensified Wednesday night, and lasted through Thursday. Local leaders in Kwigillingok, Kongiganak, and Kipnuk reported strong winds in the region. “My house was shaking,” said Roland Andrew, Kongiganak's Tribal Administrator, with a laugh. “My family was kind of freaked!” Particularly, he said, his grandchildren.
The three communities also reported high water that flooded the lowlands. In Kwigillingok, the river overflowed its banks and filled nearby lakes, but the water didn't threaten any homes or local infrastructure and the flooding was thankfully minor. “I'm hoping there's none after this,” said Tribal Adminstrator Darrel John, who says that floods in Kwig can threaten the village's homes and bridges. None of the three communities reported significant erosion.
The weather is getting colder and stormier and if your village is affected by any flooding, erosion, or wind damage by major storms, we want to hear from you. You can message news tips to KYUK on Facebook or email us at news@kyuk.org.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
A chieftain of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Warri South Local Government Area Hon. Augustine Uroye has said that the pace of development recorded in Governor Ifeanyi Okowa's three years administration has revealed that there are prospects for all Delttans , noting that such development can only be secured by voting Okowa for continuity .
Uroye, who is vying for the Warri South Constituency 1 seat in the Delta State House of Assembly in the forthcoming election made this disclosure yesterday in Asaba during the celebration of Democracy Day.
According to him, “Governor Ifeanyi Okowa being an experienced politician and a prudent manager of resources has transformed Over 40,000 unemployed youths in the state into owners of businesses and employers of labour through his job creation scheme.
The House Assembly hopeful eulogised the Governor for his achievements in restoring peace and stability to the entire State
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/AP) — For a season that went from awful to amazing in what seemed like an instant, it all came to a crashing halt way too soon.
The NBA draft lottery is in May, the draft happens in June and free agency arrives in July.
The Miami Heat aren't hurrying toward any of them.
Changing from the normal end-of-season schedule, the Heat have told players — whether they're about to become free agents or not — that they're welcome to stick around and keep working over the coming weeks. So while Monday was the start of the traditional exit meetings with coach Erik Spoelstra and team officials, it wasn't a true parting of ways for the offseason.
“It's cleanup day, not clean-out day,” Spoelstra said. “Lockers are still going to be there. We want our guys to still feel at home here. Free agency is going to happen. A lot of our players are going to have free-agent possibilities or opportunities in July. But that's July.”
So the nameplates will stay on the lockers, the practice gear won't get packed up for the summer and sneakers aren't being shipped to offseason homes quite yet. While a few players are in the midst of finalizing offseason plans out of town — point guard Goran Dragic is returning to his native Slovenia and will play for his national team this summer — some are already thinking about getting back to work.
“Why not? It's Miami,” shooting guard Dion Waiters said. “What other place is better than this in the summertime? I think it's great that guys should stick around and take advantage of it while you're here. … I'm going to be around.”
Waiters took a $2.9 million deal for this season, saying it was a bet on himself — and it's likely going to pay off, after Miami went 27-19 with him in the lineup. Free-agent-in-waiting James Johnson is also likely going to get a huge raise after the best season, by far, of his career. Luke Babbitt will be another free agent and Wayne Ellington has a team option.
Some changes are coming, though if this core of Heat players had its way the team wouldn't look much different next fall. Dragic said the team that went 30-11 in the second half of this season, if healthy, could make a run at big things next season.
“They know we want them back,” Dragic said. “They are a big part of this team. Everybody's so close, it's going to be hard for them to choose some other team, too. Hopefully they stay.”
Not making the playoffs was clearly painful, though some said things began returning to normal over the weekend. NBA rebounding champion Hassan Whiteside went over to Tyler Johnson's house for some visiting and snapchatting, players and coaches donned bunny ears at an end-of-season team party — it was Easter weekend — and a few even watched some playoff games.
There isn't a lot of looking ahead, at least for now.
“There's a long way until this summer,” Spoelstra said. “It's OK to still reflect and embrace how unique this season was. I think so often all of us fall prey to ‘what's next' and ‘what is the future' and you're not able to enjoy and be present. You miss a lot of great things.”
Ellington said he's thinking he will be back with the Heat, and Waiters — while cautioning that he can't predict the future — indicated that he's already thinking about staying with Miami.
“It was a blessing, man. Truly a blessing,” Waiters said. “But we're just getting started. It's only the beginning. It's only the beginning.”
If so, most of those lockers won't need to be cleaned out for quite some time.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
FILE - In this Friday, March 2, 2018 file photo, keeper Zachariah Mutai attends to Fatu, one of only two female northern white rhinos left in the world, at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya. Scientist say they're several steps closer to perfecting a method for stopping the extinction of northern white rhinos. Writing in the journal Nature Communications, researchers said Wednesday, July 4 they've succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino. Sunday Alamba, file AP Photo
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Southgate embraced own misery to change England mindset
hello
England head coach Gareth Southgate, center, celebrates with his team staff after defeating Colombia in a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Associated Press
England head coach Gareth Southgate embraces England's Harry Kane, left, after defeating Colombia in a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Associated Press
England head coach Gareth Southgate gestures to the stands at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Associated Press
Colombia head coach Jose Pekerman, left, and England head coach Gareth Southgate, right, comfort Colombia's Mateus Uribe after the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Associated Press
MOSCOW -- The wine was flowing under the chandeliers of the luxury London hotel ballroom when Gareth Southgate was given a painful reminder of the most agonizing moment of his playing career.
Surrounded by current and former players, Southgate was trying to look forward to his World Cup as England coach when he was taken back 22 years.
Inside the awards' dinner speech at the Grosvenor House in April, Southgate had to endure the penalty miss that led to England losing the 1996 European Championship semifinal being a punchline in a speech by Professional Footballers' Association chairman Ben Purkiss.
Many athletes would have recoiled at being the object of derision in an audience of their peers. Purkiss later felt compelled to contact Harry Kane to explain a joke at the England striker's expense.
But Southgate hasn't tried to hide away from his own misfortune in the glare of the world - from the self-deprecating Pizza Hut advertisement at the time to talks with the England squad now under his command.
"When something goes wrong in your life," Southgate advises, "it doesn't finish you."
You can even lead the national team.
Progress at the World Cup in Russia has been secured by the shootout that has haunted England for so long. A victory over Colombia on Tuesday carried the English into their first World Cup quarterfinal since 2006 and was the work of meticulous planning.
England teams have been practicing penalties for years without being able to find a way of coming out on top when games end tied after extra time and the winner is determined by a test of strength between a striker and goalkeeper separated by 12 yards (meters).
So much of Southgate's job has been about changing the mindset of a country that is credited with inventing soccer but has been scarred by failures on the international stage, aside from the senior team's only title at the 1966 World Cup.
Players had been told for years that penalties were a lottery. Southgate told them it was a process they could own.
"It's not about luck," he said ahead of the 4-3 shootout win over Colombia. "It's not about chance. It's about performing a skill under pressure. There are individual things you can work on within that. We have to know who is in charge, who needs to get out of the way, who can speak with clarity to the players."
Not fearing failure was a significant psychological hurdle to overcome.
Southgate embraced his own public humiliation to help the current generation of players prepare to cope with setbacks. At the St. George's Park training complex in central England, the messages and tactics have been transmitted through the age groups of England teams.
Slowly, England is shaking off its losing mentality. Victory in the under-20s World Cup in June 2017 was followed by glory in the under-17s edition in October, and now Southgate's squad remains on track to add a third FIFA title.
Whereas past England sides might have recoiled after conceding a stoppage time equalizer to Colombia, this group held on through extra time and broke the penalties' curse.
Before Tuesday night in Moscow, England since 1990 had been knocked out of three World Cups on penalties and three European Championships. The only success came at the Euro '96 against Spain before Southgate's miss in the semifinal against Germany.
With England fans outnumbered by Colombians in the Spartak Moscow stadium, it was an even greater test of nerves for Eric Dier to make the winning kick against Colombia.
"It was like an out-of-body experience," Dier said Wednesday. "I just tried to stay in the moment."
Southgate has been working to remove players from their comfort zone after seeing - as a UEFA technical observer - how Roy Hodgson's England froze under pressure and was eliminated by Iceland in the Euro 2016 round of 16. Players were taken last year to the Royal Marines' Commando Training Centre. One exercise at the boot camp saw players submerged in water.
"(Southgate) wanted to change the way we are and try something different," Kane recalled. "Because in recent times we haven't been great for England in tournaments. It's about trying to change that mental attitude."
Southgate had initially rejected the chance to succeed Hodgson after the Euro 2016, believing he lacked experience, having only coached a senior team for three years at Middlesbrough until 2009.
But after three years as England's under-21s coach, Southgate was jettisoned into the top job in September 2016 by an unexpected vacancy when Sam Allardyce lasted just one game before his brashness and unguarded bar talk forced the English Football Association to part company.
At 47, Southgate has been keen to look beyond soccer for inspiration, particularly on trips to NBA and NFL games. He has retained steeliness while bringing compassion and warmth to the job.
The defining image, perhaps, of Tuesday in Moscow was not Southgate celebrating but of him consoling Mateus Uribe, whose eyes were covered by his Colombian jersey after his missed kick. That's a reflection of the human touch England players have come to expect from Southgate.
"We have spoken a lot about togetherness," Kane said, "and we've got a great bond off the pitch."
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: A daunting new year dawns in global markets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Everyone deserves to hear their favorite song when they want to. Sadly, though, if you don't own it, you can't hear it just anytime unless you pay a subscription to Spotify, Apple Music or Amazon Music. Unless you try the app "Songbot."
The way this app works is pretty genius and I just have to share it with you. Say you want to hear the latest tune from The Chainsmokers. Just open the app, enter the title and Songbot searches through some 90,000 radio stations and finds one that is playing the song right then.
How cool is that?
Popular songs like The Chainsmokers and Coldplay's "Something Just Like This" are playing on hundreds of stations simultaneously and Songbot immediately tunes into one of those stations.
It may be in Cleveland or Los Angeles or San Angelo, Texas; you never know, which makes it even cooler.
You can save a song or a station that you find and listen to it later. You can also use the app as an alarm clock, so you wake up to your favorite song.
If you've ever tried listening to your song through a YouTube video you've probably become frustrated because the song stops playing when the screen is turned off. Songbot will locate the YouTube video and will keep playing it even when the screen goes dark.
The only downside to the Songbot app is that it's only available for iPhones and iPads. The Songbot app in the Google Play Store is a different app that turns your voice into a computer generated sound. That app has only one star (and doesn't even deserve that).
Songbot is a $1.99 app in iTunes and is worth every penny to anyone who has a favorite song.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
By Dayo Adesulu
No fewer than 330 visually-impaired candidates, yesterday, jostled for the 700,000 admission spaces in tertiary institutions as they sat for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination, UTME, in Lagos, Kano, Abuja, Enugu and Benin centres.
Speaking at the examination centre at the University of Lagos, UNILAG, National Coordinator, JAMB Equal Opportunity Group, Professor Peter Okebukola, said the group is responsible for administering the 2018 UTME to prisoners and the blind candidates nationwide.
He explained that the purpose was to allow people, regardless of their ethnicity, creed and other dis-aggregating attributes, have access to tertiary education, adding “this is deriving from the National Policy on Education.”
He noted that the group had, on Saturday, conducted the examination for those in the prisons.
Meanwhile, the Director, Anglo Welfare Association for the Blind, as well as United Nations Committee Member on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Danlami Basharu, said: “We ensure they turned up promptly and that everyone has the right writing equipment.
“I am helping to see that their accommodation, papers and all the equipment for writing are well secured.”
On their comfort, Okebukola said the visually-impaired candidates listed for the examination nationwide have been assembled in “high-grade hotels” with very good feeding and transportation arrangements and other logistics that will make them feel comfortable before and after the examination.
He noted that the two-day examination (March 19 and March 20) will be taken through the dictation mode as was obtained in 2017.
Okebukola, one-time Executive Secretary, National Universities Commission, NUC, added that “for now, they will have to make do with the dictation mode as the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, JAMB, organisers of the examination, is working towards a suitable Computer-Based Test, CBT mode soon.
“The software we have now that comes with the Braille Note Apex machine is not Nigerian enough for their comprehension.
“So, we are developing a software that will have a Nigerian in-built intonation. We are hopeful that before the commencement of 2019 UTME, we would have moved quite far in the development of the software.”
Asked if the special candidates get special consideration in terms cut-off marks and admission into universities, Okebukola said: “What qualifies them is their performances; what qualifies candidates into the university are their scores in the UTME, and their scores in the post-UTME,” maintaining that if any candidate gets those two scores right, then he has no issue.
Ikechi Anya made his mark as a substitute for Scotland on Thursday night but he has become something of a forgotten man at Derby County this season.
Anya came off the bench late on in the World Cup qualifier against Slovakia at Hampden Park and he played a key role in Scotland's crucial winner.
He raced forward from right-back and his low cross was aimed for his Derby team-mate Chris Martin, whose presence forced Slovakia skipper Martin Skrtel to turn the ball into his own net.
The 1-0 victory kept alive Scotland's hopes of reaching next summer's finals in Russia. A win in Slovenia on Sunday will clinch second spot in Group F, and a chance of reaching the play-offs.
It was a rare bright moment on the pitch for Anya this season, although it is easier to make a mark in the dying minutes against 10 men and when the game has opened up.
Anya has seen only 20 minutes of Championship action as a substitute in the 2-0 home defeat by Wolverhampton Wanderers on August 12.
His one start of the campaign was in the Carabao Cup tie at Barnsley, where Derby lost 3-2.
The versatile Anya has failed to make the 18 in nine of the 10 league fixtures.
He is down the pecking order in a number of positions.
At right-back, where he tends to feature for Scotland, Derby have summer signing Andre Wisdom and the experienced Chris Baird.
In the wide attacking areas, there are options in £7m signing Tom Lawrence, Johnny Russell and Andreas Weimann. Matej Vydra could also play out there.
Lawrence starts, either on the right or the left, and both Russell and Weimann made bright starts to the season, although both have faded and do struggle for consistency.
Anya has filled in at left back or left wing-back in his career, where Derby have Craig Forsyth and Marcus Olsson, although neither has yet to nail down the left-back position.
Where Anya figures in manager Gary Rowett's plans remains to be seen but it is easy to see why his opportunities have been limited, and could remain so.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain, leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury.
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda's spot on the active roster. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster.
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado. Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season, posting a 2.54 ERA.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A permanent travellers caravan site could be built close to Derby on farmland.
The plans for the land, which sits between two Derbyshire villages, have been submitted to South Derbyshire District Council.
The proposals involve creating the site on a triangular piece of agricultural land off Shardlow Road, between the villages of Aston-on-Trent and Shardlow, near Derby.
According to the application from Matthew O'Brien the site would accommodate six traveller families. Each one would have a pitch capable of accommodating two caravans.
The proposals also includes the siting of an amenity building containing kitchen, laundry and bathroom facilities, together with a dining/sitting area. Another building would also be constructed providing toilets and showers.
The plans would see the caravan pitches arranged along the south-east side of the site. An area would be left undeveloped for the grazing of horses.
According to planning documents submitted to the district council, on behalf of the applicant, Philip Brown Associates said that the site was an appropriate location for a traveller site.
It says that the council only seeks to "very strictly control" traveller sites when they are "away from settlements". That's to ensure access to schools and amenities.
The application adds: “This term has been subject to interpretation in numerous appeals over the past five years and inspectors have accepted that sites more than 800 metres outside existing settlements are not 'away from' those settlements.
“In this case, the site is only 600 metres from the settlement of Aston-on-Trent and, as such, the site is not isolated or away from settlements.”
The application said that although there would be some visual impact, the caravans on the site would be “relatively well screened”.
It said: “Some degree of visual impact must be accepted and, if an adequate supply of gypsy sites is to be provided, some degree of visual harm must be acceptable.
“Development on the application site, whilst not hidden, would be relatively well screened with only glimpsed views of caravans available at relatively short range from Shardlow Road.
“The proposed development is capable of being assimilated into its rural surroundings and would not cause unacceptable harm to the character and appearance of the surrounding area.”
The application also argues that there is a need for such a site claiming that there is a “significant unmet need” in South Derbyshire for additional gypsy pitches.
A decision on the plans by the district council is expected in November.
by
You are cordially invited to “The Most Epic Birthday Party Ever,” this year's Musicamp performance at the Garfield Center for the Arts. Join us as we celebrate Skyler's 12th Birthday… but sometime after the pizza is served, the world goes wacky and every adult vanishes! Watch as the kids figure out how to organize and operate on their own, how Skyler's brother declares himself King Charlie and how Skyler fights back!
Musicamp is open to kid ages 8 to 15. Our goal is to provide a musical theater experience in one intensive week! Camp runs July 10 to 14.
Scholarships are available through support from United Way of Kent County.
Register now by visiting www.garfieldcenter.org/camps/ or by emailing Tess Hogans at thogans@garfieldcenter.org.
Texas quarterback Sam Ehlinger throws a pass during the first half of an NCAA college football game against Southern California, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
According to 247Sports , freshman Sam Ehlinger will replace sophomore Shane Buechele as the team's starter behind center Saturday. Buechele is dealing with a sprained ankle, though he has been a limited participant in practices this week.
Texas appears to be planning a significant move at quarterback for this weekend's contest against Kansas State.
It's unclear if the decision marks a long-term change, or if Buechele's injury is worse than originally believed. Texas Athletics announced last weekend that the Arlington Lamar product wouldn't miss time despite his injury.
An Austin native, Ehlinger has two starts under his belt after filling in for Buechele (shoulder) earlier in the season. He showed both positive flashes and growing pains in those two outings, but earned the respect of his coaches and teammates with late-game heroics in a double-overtime loss at then-No. 4 USC.
Ehlinger has completed 53 percent of his 67 passes for 520 yards, three touchdowns and two interceptions this season.
Texas and Kansas State kick off on Saturday at 6 p.m.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
When you first arrive at university, the last thing you want to be worrying about is money; but a new survey from Save The Student suggests a worrying number of undergraduates are fretting about their Maintenance Loan not stretching far enough.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to their data, a massive 78% of students worry about making ends meet on their budgets, with students forking out an average of £770 per month on outgoings. This includes:
£406 a month on rent
£108 a month on food
£64 a month on socialising
£47 a month on travel
£37 a month on bills
£34 a month on clothes
£31 a month on other expenditures
£20 a month on books
£18 a month on phone bill
£5 a month on drugs
The average maintenance loan is around £2400 a term, and is put into students' bank accounts in three instalments throughout the university year: January, April and September.
Save The Student
Save The Student
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Now, we're no Albert Einstein when it comes to maths, but four months (September, October, November, December) of student life (an average of £770 a month), works out at £3080 - over £600 more expensive than the maintenance loan. And that's without any luxuries or incidental charges.
What is even more troubling about students struggling to fund their lifestyles, is the money making alternatives they're turning to instead. 3% of students admitted to gambling to earn money, while 4% rely on adult work and 7% rely on drug trials.
74% of students say their parents have to give them money on top of their Maintenance Loan, with the average student receiving £138.50 a month from the bank of mum and dad - over £1,600 a year.
Save The Student
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Save The Student note the biggest shock from their data is that parents who earn under £25,000 (so, in theory, don't have to contribute anything to top up the Maintenance Loan) still give cash support, meaning even the larger end of the Maintenance Loan spectrum isn't enough.
So, what can be done to change this? Jake Butler, Save the Student's money expert, is calling for government changes to the Maintenance Loans, and wider acknowledgment that parents also have to support their child through university - even if the student receives a grant for being from a low income family. He comments,
"When it comes to student loans, the focus always seems to be on the £9,250 tuition fees or the extortionate interest. But the real issue is the insultingly low Maintenance Loans alongside the government's unwillingness to admit that parents are expected to make up the shortfall.
"It's a huge talking point between students. Are they fully-fledged adults who are expected to fund themselves? Should they be asking their parents for money? Should their parents be forced to help them out?
"The government needs to put an end to this confusion by being more explicit about parental contributions and/or increase the maintenance loan amount so that it is actually in line with real living costs."
Read the full report here.
Other stuff you might be interested in:
A team of engineering students has demonstrated a next-generation, wireless pacemaker array that could point to the future of medical sensors. (Credit: Brandon Martin)
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new design for a wireless pacemaker would place a network of chips the size of rice grains in various places inside the heart.
The chips would communicate with a base station located under a patient's skin and charge via radio frequency.
When the base station sensed a problem with the heart's rhythm, it would automatically trigger the embedded chips to release a jolt of energy timed to re-establish the heart's normal rhythm.
Different forms of wireless and leadless pacemakers have come on the market to replace the status quo, a pulse generator located in a patient's chest and connected to the heart via one to three wired stimulus and sensing leads.
Aydin Babakhani and colleagues at the Texas Medical Center introduced a concept for a more advanced wireless pacemaker last year that could be embedded in the heart and charged via radio frequency energy harvesting.
The aim of the new device, which a team of electrical and computer engineering seniors at Rice University developed, is to build on that technology by establishing an entire network inside the heart. The concept would use millimeter-scale chips permanently embedded within the heart.
“The current (commercial) leadless solution is a bullet-sized pacemaker with a battery that is installed inside the heart,” says team member Yoseph Maguire. “It is effective only in pacing a single chamber of the heart.”
The demo system includes a 3D printed heart with light traces triggered by programmed anomalies and sensor-simulator chips that detect problems and send data to the base station. The station then triggers stimulators to release timed jolts to adjust the heart's rhythm.
The demo is only the first step in a long process that will continue with future teams at the Oshman Engineering Design Kitchen.
“The heart is a very unique and harsh environment for circuitry,” Maguire says. “Having it all integrated is a huge research task, so for us, just developing a proof-of-concept is enough.”
Because there are no wires, the control unit continually dribbles power to and gathers data from the heart-embedded chips through radio frequency radiation, the same technology found in common RFID tags, Maguire says. The chips would deliver 25 nanojoule charges to stimulate heart muscles.
“It's a master-slave network,” Maguire says. “Once you have these chips positioned within the heart and covered over by scar tissue, they would communicate with the aggregator—a bigger board that has an RFID reader, takes in all the data, processes it, and relays it back to the chips.
“If things aren't working out well in the heart, the aggregator would say, ‘Hey, guys, I need you to pace.' They would continuously pace until the aggregator observed that things are good in all the chambers.”
That kind of network could become common as doctors seek better ways to gather real-time information from within patients' bodies, says team member Cody Tapscott.
Chris Chivetta, Yixin Chen, Ricky Chen, and June Chen—all students from Rice—also worked on the team.
The team developed their ideas with the help of faculty advisers Joseph Cavallaro, professor of electrical and computer engineering, and Gary Woods, professor of computer technology and electrical and computer engineering, along with Texas Heart Institute cardiologists Mehdi Razavi and Brian Greet.
Behnaam Aazhang, a professor of electrical and computer engineering, and Yingyan Lin, a Texas Instruments visiting research assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, contributed to the machine learning and sensing aspects of the project.
Source: Rice University
A laundromat cafe in Brooklyn is offering a three-day weekend of unlimited free washes and dries for everyone in celebration of its six-month anniversary.
This belated grand opening will take place June 1 through June 3.
As one of the newest hybrid businesses to hit Brooklyn, Celsious doubles as a coffee shop and an eco-friendly laundromat, the business says. The washers even text patrons when their clothes are ready.
Celsious will also have programming and goodies from all of their café vendors throughout the weekend, which will be revealed this week.
from FJD to VUV FJD to TOP FJD to SBD FJD to WST FJD to PGK FJD to XPF FJD to CHF FJD to SEK FJD to LKR FJD to ZAR FJD to PHP FJD to PKR FJD to NOK FJD to INR FJD to DKK FJD to CAD FJD to HKD FJD to SGD FJD to JPY FJD to GBP FJD to EUR FJD to CNY FJD to NZD FJD to AUD FJD to USD VUV to FJD TOP to FJD SBD to FJD WST to FJD PGK to FJD XPF to FJD CHF to FJD SEK to FJD LKR to FJD ZAR to FJD PHP to FJD PKR to FJD NOK to FJD INR to FJD DKK to FJD CAD to FJD HKD to FJD SGD to FJD JPY to FJD GBP to FJD EUR to FJD CNY to FJD NZD to FJD AUD to FJD USD to FJD
$0.00
The National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) has announced recent changes, adoptions and updates in five states:
Colorado
1. Statement of Basis and Purpose
1.1 Following are the adopted changes to the rules and regulations of the Colorado State Electrical Board ("the Board") for general clarification, for efficient management and expeditious procedures of the Board, and for the safeguarding of the general public in compliance with Title 12, Article 23, of the Colorado Revised Statutes.
1.2 The Board adopts the following rules pursuant to the authority granted to the Board by § 12-23-104(2)(a), C.R.S. and hereby repeals all previous rules with the same number.
1.3 These Rules shall be binding on every person and legal entity authorized to practice, offer to practice, or perform electrical or electrical contracting in Colorado. All licensees and registrants under Title 12, Article 23 of the Colorado Revised Statutes are charged with having knowledge of the existence of these rules and shall be deemed to be familiar with their provisions and to understand the rules. In these Rules, the word "licensee" shall mean any person holding a master electrician license, journeyman electrician license, or residential wireman license. In these Rules, the word "registrant" shall mean any person registered as an electrical apprentice and any person or legal entity registered with the Board as an electrical contractor.
These Rules are severable. If one rule or portion of a rule is found to be invalid, all other rules or portions of rules that can be enforced without the invalid rules shall be enforced and shall remain valid.
2. Standards
2.1 The Board hereby adopts the National Fire Protection Association standard number 70, hereafter known as the National Electrical Code, 2017 Edition, and as may be amended by the Board. These standards are adopted as the minimum standards governing the planning, laying out, and installing or the making of additions, alterations, and repairs in the installation of wiring apparatus and equipment for electric light, heat, and power in this state. This rule does not include later amendments to or editions of the National Electrical Code, 2017 Edition. The effective date shall be July 1, 2017.
2.2 A copy of the provisions of the National Electrical Code, 2017 edition is available for public inspection during regular business hours at the Board office at the Division of Professions and Occupations, Department of Regulatory Agencies, 1560 Broadway, Suite 110, Denver, Colo., 80202, and at any state publications depository library. For further information regarding how this material can be obtained or examined, contact the Program Director for the Board ("Program Director") at 1560 Broadway, Suite 110, Denver, Colo., 80202, (303) 894-2300. The NEC, 2017 Edition, is available directly from the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), 1 Batterymarch Park, Quincy, Mass., 02169-7471, phone 1-800-344-3555. Copies are also available from the NFPA website at NFPA.org, as well as most online and retail book vendors.
Minnesota
The State of Minnesota Board of Electricity adopted the 2017 NEC without amendment with an effective date of July 1, 2017.
Ohio
At its meeting on May 26, 2017, the Board of Building Standards adopted updates to the Ohio Building, Plumbing and Mechanical Codes based on 2015 I-Codes effective Nov. 1, 2017. Also included in this rules package is the adoption of the 2017 NEC which governs all occupancies, excluding 1-, 2-, and 3-family dwellings.
The Board initiated the rule change process in October 2016 and the rules have been available in draft form on the Board's website. The final adopted rules with summaries can be found at the following links:
Any non-residential project submitted to a building department on or after Nov. 1, 2017 shall comply with the above rules. Any non-residential project submitted before Nov. 1, 2017 shall comply with the current Ohio Building, Plumbing & Mechanical Codes based on the 2009 I-Codes as amended.
The Residential Code of Ohio (RCO), which regulates 1-, 2- & 3- family dwellings, is not affected by these code updates. The RCO remains based on the 2009 International Residential Code (IRC) as amended. The Residential Construction Advisory Committee and the Board continue to review newer editions of the IRC for possible adoption at a later date.
If you have questions related to these amendments, please contact the Board Office at (614) 644-2613 or bbs@com.state.oh.us.
South Dakota
On May 4, 2017, the Commission considered changes to Administrative Rule of South Dakota. Included in the rules package is the adoption of the 2015 edition of the International Building Code (IBC) along with the 2017 NEC with amendments. See the link to the proposed rule changes (Adobe PDF format). The rules committee approved the rules on June 5, 2017; the changes will take effect July 1, 2017.
Wyoming
The State of Wyoming Fire Marshall office updated NFPA 70 Standard from the 2014 NEC to the 2017 edition without amendment with an effective date of July 1, 2017.
For questions or comments on any of the changes noted in this article, email Don Iverson at don.iverson@nema.org
ICE actions cruel, inhumane
and antithetical to US values
I am very concerned about the activities of ICE agents who have been separating migrant and refugee children from their parents.
This is cruel and inhumane and not who we are as Americans. Also, I think the American people deserve an explanation on how ICE could lose nearly 1,500 children in their care. These children also need to be located ASAP and reunited to their parents.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Finally, I've been extremely concerned about reports pertaining to allegations of physical and sexual abuse of immigrant children in ICE custody. This needs to stop and any ICE agents engaged in such abuse need to be prosecuted for their crimes.
Related Articles Letter: 3 trustees heroic to oppose Delta tunnels even under pressure from Jerry Brown, SoCal water agencies
Letter: This measure will split the city, creating two Santa Claras
Letter: Why can't a candidate for governor fix DMV's biggest problem?
Letter: Young people taking action on climate change, AB 3232 is inspiring
Letter: Regional Measure 3 a phony congestion proposal America is a country founded by immigrants. Mistreating people who are seeking asylum or better life for their families — just as our founders did — is simply wrong.
Rosanna Guadagno
Half Moon Bay
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
Zion Lutheran Church – Jubilee will ring in the Spring season with a bell concert on April 23. The performance will begin at 2 PM at the church, which is located at 12007 Jubilee Road in La Porte City.
The public is invited to enjoy a variety of songs by the Joy & Jubilee Ringers, featuring both bells and chimes.
A freewill offering will be accepted, with fellowship to follow the concert.
WASHINGTON (WSVN) — Special counsel Robert Mueller expanded the Russia investigation, Wednesday, to determine whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice, according to the Washington Post.
Mueller is currently interviewing senior intelligence officials to determine if obstruction of justice occurred.
Initially the investigation was to determine if there was any Russian influence during Trump's 2016 campaign.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By: State House Media and Communications Unit.
After a week of successful Commonwealth Summit in London, His Excellency President Julius Maada Bio has arrived in Doha, Qatar on Saturday 21st April 2018 for a state visit on the invitation of the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani.
The state visit by His Excellency is expected to focus on a bilateral discussion focusing on Education, Agriculture, Trade and Investment, youth employment, tourism and a range of other issues.
In a bid to attract investment and trade to Sierra Leone, His Excellency is expected to meet with the Qatar Chamber of Commerce and Industry later in the evening on Saturday 21st April 2018. The meeting is an indication of His Excellency's continued efforts to revitalize our economy. After the meeting with Chamber of Commerce, President Bio will be hosted by the Qatar Minister of Foreign Affairs for an official welcome reception.
The President is expected to meet with His Highness, The Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani on Sunday 22nd April 2018 where bilateral meeting will be held between the two Heads of State. His Excellency will be expected to express his appreciation to the Emir and people of Qatar for their support to Sierra Leone over the years and discuss how his new Government will strengthen the bilateral relationship.
Over the years, Qatar has been very supportive to Sierra Leone providing humanitarian, medical and relief assistance to Sierra Leone when the country was hit by floods and Ebola. The diplomatic successes of President Bio in less than three weeks in office has shown a great President admired at home and abroad.
©State House Media and Communications Unit
Racer X Online is sad to report that movie director Bruce Brown, one of the most influential people in the history of American motorcycling, has passed away.
Brown, the man behind the seminal 1971 motorcycling film On Any Sunday, as well as the groundbreaking 1964 surfing epic Endless Summer, was 80 years old. A pioneer in the filming of what are now known as action sports, Brown put motorcycling front and center in 1971 when he followed the racing exploits of Malcolm Smith, Mert Lawwill, and the actor Steve McQueen on film. The resulting picture helped kicked off a motorcycling revolution, exposing millions to the joy of riding and racing motorcycles. He was introduced into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 1999.
Godspeed to Bruce Brown.
The parents of Jennifer Dalquez holding up a poster calling to save her daughter's life at their house in General Santos City, Philippines. Source: Bong Sarmiento
33 Social Buzz
THEIR dreams for a good life dashed, the parents of Jennifer Dalquez, the Filipina on death row in the United Arab Emirates, are just hoping their daughter returns alive and able to start life anew at their impoverished community in General Santos City, Philippines.
“All she really wants now is to go back home to be with her children and us her parents,” Rajima, Dalquez's mother, told Asian Correspondent at their house, located just a stone's throw away from a mosque where family members and friends often offer prayers for her freedom.
Dalquez left her two children — Mohajid, 8, and Abdurahim, 5 – to seek greener pastures for her family in the Gulf country when they were just two-years-old and seven-months-old, respectively.
She hasn't come home since and the two children were left to the care of her parents. Her father drives a passenger tricycle (motorcycle with a cab) while her mother is a housewife. Her husband is also a tricycle driver.
Dalquez works as a helper at a clinic in Al Ain, an inland oasis city on the eastern border with Oman, her parents said.
SEE ALSO: Philippines govt bans deployment of workers to Qatar
In December 2014, a month before she was due home, she decided to find an extra job to earn some extra bucks. But fate changed things. At her new workplace, her male employer allegedly tried to rape her at knife-point. The 30-year-old woman managed to fight and kill him with a knife in what she claimed in court was an act of self-defence.
Dalquez was jailed and eventually sentenced to death by the United Arab Emirates Court of First Instance in April 2015.
“Save Jennifer Dalquez' Life,” a social media group pushing for her acquittal, reported that the deceased employer's two sons did not attend court hearings to swear in the name of Allah that Dalquez murdered their father.
On May 31, Dalquez swore before the court in the name of Allah that she killed her employer in self-defence.
The UAE court will decide this June 19 on Dalquez's appeal for an acquittal.
Dalquez's parents were able to see her twice in prison with the help of the Philippine government and non-government organisations, including Migrante International.
Her parents have also sought the help of President Rodrigo Duterte to appeal for her clemency.
SEE ALSO: Duterte brings home over 100 stranded Filipino workers from Saudi Arabia
She's being treated well inside the prison, her parents said, noting that Dalquez has become closer to Allah while serving time there. They showed Asian Correspondent prizes that Dalquez had won in Quran-reading competitions inside the jail.
“We are looking forward to seeing her. We have faith in Allah that she will be acquitted so that she can return home and take care of her children,” Abdulhamid, Dalquez's father, told Asian Correspondent.
“It's no longer important if we will remain poor as long as we can be together again,” he added.
Dalquez is the family's breadwinner. Before she was jailed, she regularly sent money to her parents for their needs as well as for her children's. She also extended financial assistance to her siblings, who are all mostly poor. Dalquez is the third in a brood of seven.
Rajima was almost in tears when she recounted what Dalquez's youngest son told her, which was:
“I hope to see my mother and for her to bring and fetch me at school like my classmates who have their mothers at their side.”
Dalquez had many dreams for her children, including for her parents who had sacrificed a lot so she could go abroad, before she left the country six years ago. One of her dreams is to buy a house at a subdivision so they could live away from the slums.
“We had to sell our chickens and ducks in the farm so we can send money while she stayed in Manila while waiting to work abroad,” her mother said.
Her parents, both 53, no longer till the farm in another province planted with various crops as it was pawned to somebody rich due to their financial necessities.
What awaits Dalquez, should she win the acquittal and gain passage home, is her parents' small pop-and-mom store in their poor neighborhood, which barely sustains their daily needs.
“We put everything to Allah's will,” Abdulhamid said.
Chadwick Boseman hasn't even had a break from the Black Panther press tour and he's already doing a promo run for Infinity War. Needless to say, the brother is probably exhausted.
“T'challa this, T'challa that. Nobody ever wanna hear about Chadwick” pic.twitter.com/lxhHw5udlG — Ol'Man Banter (@luvuyo_maseko) April 24, 2018
I mean, he went from this:
To looking like he had the strength of ‘de stregnth of de Bleck Pantha stripped eway':
Even folks on social media have noticed that our boy may need a break:
lmaoo chadwick tired. this nigga saying “wakanda sometimes” in his head https://t.co/uR3cl0KgVq — nyxine shaw, attorney at law (@vacantvoice) April 24, 2018
Seriously though. Chadwick may need some vibranium to get his energy up if he keeps looking like he's one minute away from dozing off:
📷|| Letitia Wright, Chadwick Boseman e Sebastian Stan 💞 pic.twitter.com/9Dfzw1FRi4 — Sebastian Stan BR (@SebStanBrazil) April 24, 2018
Look at the smile on his face at Comic Con in 2016:
Chadwick Boseman, San Diego Comic Con (2016). pic.twitter.com/4m4n53A73E — The BadGentsClubTT (@Badgentsclubtt) July 24, 2016
It's Black history now:
Ig model Chadwick pic.twitter.com/dWOeq9M6d0 — val's twin sis 🌙 (@nakiamnger) April 22, 2018
Get some rest, C! And some Kimoyo Beads.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park Pause
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
By Rahul Lal
The NBA Draft, the first big event of the offseason, is Thursday, June 22. Top prospects are tantalizingly close to realizing their dreams, or at least taking that next step toward NBA relevance. Lesser prospects may find themselves passed over in those 60 picks spread over two rounds.
As basketball fans put themselves in the minds of NBA executives, who better to talk about the upcoming draft than Jon Rothstein, CBS Sports Network college basketball insider? Jon shared his opinions about what to expect next week in the NBA Draft and going forward into the 2017-18 NBA season.
CBS Sports Network's NBA Draft coverage continues with re-airings of recent shows this week and three new shows on Tuesday, June 20.
Some of the most impressive and NBA-ready prospects are coming out of the college game. Is college basketball at an all-time high talent-wise? What effect are one-and-done prospects having on the game?
When it's mandatory that kids have to go to college for at least a year, it galvanizes college basketball. It allows people, when they're getting ready for the season, to put guys in bold print who can have a major impact. But we've seen very few teams win national titles with one-and-done players. Kentucky did it in 2012 with Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, and Duke did it in 2015 with Justise Winslow, Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones. But look at some of the other teams that have won national championships: Louisville was a veteran team in 2013; [in] 2014, Connecticut was a veteran team and [in] ‘16 and ‘17, Villanova and North Carolina were veteran teams. So there's a good balance right now in college basketball.
Is this draft as elite as everybody predicts?
The one thing that this NBA Draft has is an abundance of guards who can make a major impact at the NBA level. When you look right now at the NBA, it's being dominated by guys who can have an impact at the lead guard position. You've seen it throughout the NBA more and more over the past decade.
Since there's so many of those guys available who have the potential to be stars at the next level, that's why the buzz is what it is about in the 2017 draft. You've got the star power at the top and then a couple other guys involved who can be really, really interesting.
Point guards Markelle Fultz, Lonzo Ball, De'Aaron Fox, Dennis Smith Jr. and Frank Ntilikina should all go top 10 this year. After watching them all year, what's your opinion on their talent?
One thing you have to look at when discussing the point guards in this draft is that they're almost like different types of sports cars. How does somebody decide whether they want a Lamborghini instead of a Porsche? A BMW or Jaguar?
When you look at Markelle Fultz, he's a combo guard who can affect the game in a number of ways. He's a combo scorer, a very good athlete. But a big concern about him is he didn't play well enough to make his team a viable threat in the Pac-12. The argument is [that] that team would've been an NCAA tournament team if Dejounte Murray and Marquese Chriss went back to school. That altered what Washington could be. But, he's more of a combo guard who can play both guard spots, similar to Dwyane Wade when he came out of Marquette.
Lonzo Ball is the ultimate table-setter in this draft. He can make everybody around him better at a higher level than anybody else in the draft. The example that I use is Bryce Alford. Alford was a really good player at UCLA during the first three years of his career, but averaged career highs in field-goal percentage and three-point percentage because he played with Ball. He single-handedly transcended that program.
>>MORE: 2017 NBA Draft: Top 5 Prospects
De'Aaron Fox is more of a speed guard, similar in mold to John Wall, except there are some different intricacies on offense. You love his ball security. He only committed two turnovers in the final 64 minutes that he played last season against UCLA and North Carolina. He only made 17 threes last season for Kentucky — that's a concern. Shooting is the one thing that can be rectified at the NBA level.
When you look at Dennis Smith, you have to look at a guy who can be like a young Steve Francis coming out of Maryland. These four guys all have the ability to go into the NBA and anchor a lead guard position for 10 years.
As far as Frank Ntilikina, I would delay expectations. He's more of an athlete right now than somebody who is going to blow you away. He can be more steady on offense and effective on defense.
Josh Jackson has received a lot of praise lately, projecting as high as the second pick in the draft. What stands out about his game, and what could he improve on?
Josh Jackson is an alpha dog who, right now, has the ability to have a great impact on the game by not demanding shots. When you look at it from a coaching perspective, the one thing you think about is shot distribution and whose hands the ball is in. Jackson, because of his intangibles last season, had the ability to impact the game without shooting. Thirteen games with 10 rebounds or more but, for somebody who people were concerned about in terms of his shooting ability, he really did a good job of making shots late in the season. They say he can't shoot, but he shot just under 40 percent from three. In the NCAA Tournament alone, when you study the numbers, five of 13 from three? Not terrible.
Jonathan Isaac, Malik Monk and Jayson Tatum should all be called early. All three of them bring something different to the table, how do they project at the next level?
Jonathan Isaac had a really good impact defensively because of his speed and how he worked on ball screens. Some of the easy baskets he got in college he won't necessarily get in the NBA. But he could evolve into a more consistent outside shooter. His body reminds you a bit of Rashard Lewis who had a good run in the NBA for a long time.
Malik Monk is a shooting guard trapped in a point guard's body. He's not a point guard, but he doesn't have the size to be a two-guard in the NBA. One thing he can do is shoot the basketball at a high clip. He made over 100 threes last year, had 14 games with four or more made threes. If you're projecting him at the next level, he has a chance to be a dynamite first guard off the bench.
Jayson Tatum is the guy that most resembles a Carmelo Anthony-caliber scorer in this draft. When you scouted him last year in the ACC, he was probably pound for pound the best player in that conference. He didn't play with a true point guard, [so] there was nobody to set the table for him. When you look at Jayson Tatum, if you can put him with somebody who can get him shots, it could open up a whole ‘nother can of worms.
Front-court players are pretty thin this year. Which players stand out to you?
I felt all along that Zach Collins was underrated and the epitome of efficiency. If he played at Duke or Kentucky, he would be part of the vernacular of college basketball. Seven-foot, great hands, he had 10 [points], six [rebounds] and two [blocks] in only 17 minutes a game at 65 percent from the field. We saw what he could be in the final four from a production standpoint. That's one person who comes to mind, though he's got a ways to go defensively.
Also, the way Lauri Markkanen can shoot the ball puts him into a different stratosphere, because so much of the NBA right now is based on spacing and shooting. He was was a really good shooter last year; he made 69 threes. You're looking at a guy who shot 42 percent from three. He can have a Ryan Anderson-type impact in the NBA.
If you could pick one player who would hit the ground running in the NBA, who would it be?
When you look at the ability to transcend teams and franchises, you have to look at Lonzo Ball as somebody who's going to be an NBA star and a multi-year all-star. People forget that UCLA was a 15-17 team. And Lonzo went there and made UCLA the most entertaining team, the highest-scoring team and also the best-distributing team in college basketball. He's one of the reasons why T.J. Leaf is in position to be a mid-first round pick. He has the ability to do for players what other point guards can't.
If you had to name three sleepers for this year's draft, who would they be?
One is going to be Terrance Ferguson because of the way he shoots the basketball. He's somebody who has out-of-the-gym range. He could be in a different gym and make a shot, that's how special he is in terms of shooting. He's a straight bucket-getter, and he is a much more willing defender now. [He has] good length and has the ability to stretch the defense.
Semi Ojeleye has a major impact because of his physique and his ability to absorb contact. If you're looking for a small-ball four man in the NBA, that's Semi Ojeleye. I like that he can play different positions.
I'm really a fan of Derrick White from Colorado. He has great size, can handle the ball and has a great story. There are still a lot of miles on the tank and a lot of room to grow in terms of his ceiling.
CBS Sports Network is airing six one-hour draft shows leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22, 2017. Draft coverage includes more analysis of the top prospects, along with breakdowns of players by position.
New shows will air Tuesday, June 20, starting at 7 p.m. ET.
Rahul Lal is an LA native stuck in a lifelong, love-hate relationship with the Lakers, Dodgers and Raiders. You can follow him on Twitter here.
A masterplan has been unveiled for a failing Derbyshire secondary school.
Parents were shocked earlier this summer when John Port School in Etwall was placed in special measures following a damning Ofsted report which criticised most aspects of the 2,000 pupil school – the largest in the county.
An interim academy board was brought in to try to turn the school's fortunes around as early as last November after more than half of the school's governing body had resigned in 2016.
Following the poor report head teacher Chris Sainsbury was suspended and later resigned, leaving the interim board to announce that the school was seeking to become part of the Spencer Academies Trust, based in Stapleford.
Parents have now been told that the Spencer Academies Trust has formally agreed the transfer of the John Port School. They have a target date for transfer of either January 1 or February 1, 2018 and it awaits the final decision of the Secretary of State.
Once the final approval has been given, transitional governance arrangements will come into force and the interim board will step down, which is likely to be at the end of this month.
Sir Barry Day, who is chairman of the interim board, said: “The interim board, working in partnership with the Spencer Academies Trust, has written, and had accepted by Ofsted, a statement of action for moving the school out of special measures.
“This statement of action can be found on the school's web-site and, as part of a consultation exercise, comments from parents and carers are invited.
“As the interim board prepares to step down, I would like to thank each individual member for giving freely of their time and for staying on to oversee governance at a time of great turbulence for the school.
“John Port is now in an excellent position to move forward to become the outstanding school it has the capacity to become. The pupils deserve nothing less.”
The Ofsted report, published in July, said that “standards have declined rapidly” and, as a result, examination results in 2016 “were among the worst in England”.
The inspectors noted the school's leaders were “surprised by the poor exam results in 2016 and 2015”.
The report also said that the school had also been unable to recruit sufficient teachers in many subjects and, with staff absences, means some classes have been run by temporary teachers. In turn, they have not been “monitored or supported well enough by leaders”.
Teachers were criticised for not managing pupils' behaviour, especially in lessons where teaching was weak and “had not planned lessons appropriately”.
In 2016, pupils' attainment in English, maths, science and humanities was “poor” and the report says “very few Years 11 pupils achieved the grades of which they were capable, especially in GCSE English and maths”.
The inspectors added: “This hampers the post-16 choices they could make and their life chances”.
The Spencer Academies Trust, based at George Spencer Academy, already has 10 Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire schools as members. Karen Squire became acting head of the school on September 1.
